5.0 : Amazing Professor! Really teaches you things you NEED to know! I became Queen of Recognizing Comma Splices after her course! I really love Dr. Keaney aka Winnie. She is just an amazing woman. If you have trouble and are falling behind, GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS and ask her for feedback! She is very caring.
4.0 : Mangus is such a sweetheart! She genuinely cares about her students and the school. She will help you get involved on campus also. Mainly for this class you give your opinion and critique the school news paper. You do have to speak up and talk in the class, she will call on you. But the class is small and you get to know everyone.
5.0 : Amazing professor for Newspaper Workshop. I've been interested in working with Student Media and she's helped me get more involved by also letting me volunteer at Mason Day in place of the largest assignment in the semester. You can get by the whole semester without learning anyone's name but still feel comfortable and participate.
5.0 : The professor is knowledgeable and insightful on different key topics concerning the international system This class focused on Asia and he really knew what he was talking about He gives one midterm and one final and One 12 to 15 page paper On the discussion questions he gives out before class make sure you study them before exam
5.0 : I just love him. He is so nice and his knowledge makes him so handsome. Take him if you want to learn and get a good grade
3.0 : The course is international relations, if you are like me and taking it as a required part of the degree, hes not a bad option. If your really into the subject matter like a friend of mine in the class is; he is THE guy for you to take.
5.0 : One of the best professors ever. He is very knowledgeable and a total geek. I learned a lot though. The papers are a little difficult but if you put in your best effort you should be ok.
3.0 : Dr. Mandaville was a disappointment. He does not give feedback on assignments and he also he gave no type of study guide for the Final, so there was no way to narrow your focus. He simply explained the format of the test. I would not recommend this class to anyone. I you need a government class,  I would look elsewhere.
5.0 : He is super nice and passionate about the topic of GOVT. He deft has ALOT of experience and knows many languages! He likes to interact with the class! Cracks corny jokes! He does discussion board q's before every class on the readings and 2 papers. I would take him again! He stutters a bit when he's super excited about the topic but it's manageable
3.0 : Decent professor, lectures are hard to follow and are very static. He seems to make easy concepts more difficult than they need to be
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER such an angel
1.5 : He does not give a lot of feedback, so if you make mistakes you keep on making them.  From what I can gather its more important you stick to methodolgies you may not have learned then actually produce work that gets to the heart of the subject.
3.5 : Let me start by saying he is incredibly knowledgeable about the subject.  With that being said, he is incredibly rude to students and talks down to you if you ask a question he thinks is stupid.  He wants discussion, but then puts down students when they talk.  Also, TA grades all papers and then prof grades the final, harshly.
3.0 : I don't know what it was about this class but it was incredibly hard to follow along with his lectures. Mandaville and his T.A. grade papers as if it was an upper-level class. He is very passionate about government but for me, this class was definitely a challenge. It seemed as if they thought everyone in the class was government majors.
5.0 : AMAZING. She loves what she does as a teacher and wants her students to pass. She's unorganized but her witty nature makes up for it. EXTREMELY flexible about the due dates. best english class ever.
4.5 : She's a blast! She tells funny stories, is slightly sarcastic, and is a very sweet lady. I enjoyed her class thoroughly, and expect to ask her for a recommendation in the future. Her deadlines are so flexible - she hardly gives clear cut due dates. She gives good feedback on her papers. Class goes by extremely fast, we basically talk about the news
5.0 : my fav professor at mason so far
4.5 : Her lectures are fun and time goes by very fast. Flexible due date for most papers and also allows student a second chance to fix their papers. Very nice lady also :D
5.0 : She is a tough grader, but gives good feedback. Expect a lot of homework. In the end all that hard work pays off. I would highly recommend her.
4.0 : Professor Grogan-Barone is very interesting. Not the most politically correct person I've ever met, but she genuinely cares about her students. The assignments kind of suck, but they're required for any ENGH 302 course. Might as well take it with her and try to enjoy it a little bit!
3.0 : Nice lady, easy class. I took it over the summer. Didn't learn a single thing though. She isn't very clear on assignments &amp; kinda makes them up as she goes. The last couple weeks of class all we did was talk about the news, which was hardly a reason to come to class. Again, very nice woman, easy to get a good grade but waste of time &amp; money IMHO.
5.0 : Professor Grogan-Barone makes the class interesting with great conversations about what actually going on in the business world. Realistic writing assignments and projects for business student. Flexible with due dates.
5.0 : She's been one of my best Professors at GMU.  Mrs. Barone makes class fun and always entertaining by updating her students about the real world.   She stimulates your mind by thinking -outside the box- and I had some issues with public speaking when doing a group project,  but she personally helped me with that, and I now feel more confident.
5.0 : She's a great professor. I would love to take her again if I could. The class was fun and interesting. It was my favorite class of the semester. She's a nice, funny, and sweet professor. If possible, take her!
1.5 : Strangest class I have ever taken. We did not follow the syllabus and I am not sure how she grades.. We talked about absolutely nothing. It was a easy and interesting class but I do not feel I learned anything important to relevant.
4.0 : Stress-free class, with lots of interesting topics and discussions. She really cares for the students and gives plenty chances to do well. Assignments and grading can be vague, but show that you are putting the effort, and she will be there for help. I would take her class again.
4.0 : A very nice professor with clear lectures and provides lots of helpful materials (make sure to do the extra practice sheets). The course has a lot of material which makes it difficult, but he teaches it well. You need to put in a lot of effort in this class to get an A. He doesn't curve even though the second test average was in the 60s.
2.0 : I'm not a math wiz but an A student. I poured my time and heart into this class (over 10 hours/wk) and I received only a B-. This was despite seeking out multiple rounds of feedback and instruction. He presumes you know a lot more than many students did and seems more interested in teaching as much as possible than in the learning rate of the class
3.5 : Our class was experimental in nature. TWe had no in class lectures. Rather class time was for group work, with short videos lectures posted to Singman's website. These videos are the best introduction to proof writing I have seen. They will remain online after our class finishes. I recommend them to anyone planning to take intro to advanced math.
1.0 : He's a nice guy, but a bad teacher. Lecture is confusing and he's often clueless on how to proceed since he hasn't taught this class in a while. Exams are really long and your grade depends on 3 exams and the recitation quizzes.
3.0 : He's alright I guess. Make sure you also study the theoretical side of things, and actually understand the topics. His tests are pretty hard, especially the final exam. He does give you a lot of material to work through however, and tells you exactly which topics to study for the tests.
4.0 : The course itself was difficult, no curve was given and a really tough grader.I spent a lot of time and effort and passed only with a C. Hardest math class I've ever taken so far.
5.0 : He is one of the best teacher I've ever had. The lecture is clear. If you do homeworks and extra plactices, you'll have a good grade. I wish there are more teachers like Prof. Singman.
4.0 : Pros: 1. Clear lecture. 2, Bit sized materials to guide you. 3. Caring.  Cons: 1. Have to strictly follow his methods (won't get credits even if you get them right). 2. Very tough grader (partial grade doesn't mean that much since his cut starts by halving the score) 3. Obscured grading rubrics. 4. Difficult to gauge what will be on the test
4.5 : Cares about teaching and it shows.  Puts effort into lecture prep, outlines, notes.  Frequent small assignments help you keep up.  Expectations for quizzes and exams very clear.  Outstanding teacher.
5.0 : Singman is my favorite math teacher here. He's clear and enthusiastic and very helpful, if you go to office hours. He's willing to go over things in class if you didn't get it. He's a bit yell-y sometimes, but that's okay. This class should have been more challenging though. He's a wonderful, wonderful, great teacher and everyone should have him.
5.0 : I took professor sauer for the bioengineering section for math 203 last semester. he explains the material very clearly and his class was very easy to follow along. he's also a very good grader, i had a C before the final but he raised my grade up to an A- because i got 100% on his final. put forth a good effort and you should be able to get an A.
4.0 : He is a good professor to take, he explains everything very well. His tests are very hard and compared to other professors, his tests cover more material. Do the non-mandatory homework, this can be the difference between passing and failing. Not a n easy class but doable, just put time and effort. Can be VERY boring
5.0 : The best. An interesting and easy class. Prof. Sauer is also a very nice guy.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. If you pay attention in the class and take notes, you will get an easy A on the projects and the exams. He is very helpful and easily accessible via email. If you have any doubt, just ask him during his office hours. There were 2 exams, 1 final and 10 projects. It hardly took me 2 hours to complete each project.
4.0 : Pluses: explains everything VERY well. Tells you what is on the exams Minuses: shuts down any imagination, or outside-of-the-box thinking. I found it depressing. You will learn the material... but you will find it boring because of his lack of inspiration. But I will take him again because he explains well.... But he is boring.... so make a choice
5.0 : Really great class. I have learned a lot, but tests are very, very hard. He is out to trick you and gives little partial credit, if any at all. The final covered A LOT of material.
5.0 : Take him for MATH 203. Go to class. He explains concepts very well. He writes his notes in the class so you can clearly see what he is doing and then he posts them on blackboard. EASY A.
5.0 : He wrote the textbook but does not expect you to memorize it. His expectations are reasonable and his grading is fair and informative. He is a great teacher and entertaining in lecture. No bad qualities, but the class isn't an easy A.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Clearly explains the material in simple terms. Goes over a lot of practice problems in class regarding material. Do the homework to do well on the exams. MATLAB projects weren't bad as he gave hints on how to solve the problem. Posts his notes online, so you can just pay attention in class. Dr. Sauer is great!
5.0 : First off, absolutely NOT an easy A - you have to work hard to get that A! Do the homework, practice more, check your work during exam a couple of times - beware of the stupid mistakes, they will cost several points. But prof. Sauer is GREAT: kind, good lecturer and fair!
5.0 : I wish all math professors were as great as him. He clearly explains the materials and he post what is covered on blackboard. However he never post your exam grades... (that was a little annoying). But if you have the chance to ever take a class with him. DO IT!
3.0 : I did all the projects well, but failed the tests. This class was really not that hard, not remotely as hard as say Calc2. As other have pointed out you really need to keep up with the non-mandatory homework. I did not, and did not pass. This class is not unreasonable, but is pretty boring. I would not say this is the perfect professor.
5.0 : overall great professor. make sure to get all projects turned in as it will be a good grade booster. The tests are just not easy but not very hard, ave for any test would prob be 78. takes off lot of  points for simple math mistake. just make sure to practice all the nongraded hws. although he posts lectures on BB, still take it down during class
5.0 : Professor Sauer was great! He helped students where he could. He was careful in his calculations and showed us why it's so important to take it step by step for matrix calculations. We had some projects and he showed us how to use the software first - great to put on resume! He encourages questions in class. Take him if you can! It was a good class
5.0 : DOCTOR Cook is very nice (provided you turn your ringer off) and exceptionally clear about what will be on his exams.
5.0 : I took the signals and system course with Dr cook. He was also my Senior Design advisor. After GMU I went on to Virginia Tech and UMD and completed a PhD in electrical engineering, Dr Cook remains as one of the best professors I've had during my entire academic track.
5.0 : This class  easy to understand. Professor is helpful. Exams come from hws and lectures. I would recommend to attend all classes. Reading the books helps 60-70%.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher, I would say that he is almost the best. The way he teaches a problem will never make u forget it.
5.0 : Dr. Cook is one of the best instructors I've ever encountered. Capable of taking extremely arcane topics and making them straightforward and understandable. Definitely not spoon-feeding or soft-pitching material, but happy to answer questions. I'd take all of my engineering classes from him if I could.
3.5 : You will learn a lot in his class. He teaches masters program also thus have higher expectations for UGs'. We had one exam, journals (homework, which was due every other class or every class) and quizzes. The quizzes were the hardest, otherwise class is highly rewarding and will change your prospective. He is very passionate toward the subject!
3.0 : Get ready to read! for our class we had journals to do as homework, quizzes( the hardest part of the course) they are announced, individual paper ( which was interviewing minorites), group paper with presentation that was our final ( he will put people in random order with those whom are differ from oneself) Very rewarding course! Learned a lot!
3.0 : Lectures can be a bit dry at times, but he means well and tries to make things as humorous as possible. The quizzes are tricky and the exams (especially the first one) are pretty tough. One page paper due each week about pretty much anything you desire.
5.0 : Dr. Krativz is an excellent professor.  Extremely passionate about and knowledgeable about the  subject.  Class consists of lecture slides and HBR articles to read. There is also a group case study, in class quiz, and an individual paper assigned.  Final is open book.  Overall, class is easy and you will learn quite a bit.  Would take again.
5.0 : I am writing this mid semester because I know a lot of you juniors and seniors are signing up for fall semester. This class isn't hard but there are many assignments. Two group papers, two exams, daily readings, discussion questions, and quizzes + one extra credit assignment that will boost your grade. If you have:c- to c, c to c+, b- to b, etc.
5.0 : Awesome class and awesome professor. Somewhat rigorous in terms of assignments and material, is also a stickler for attending class. But as a whole, professor Kravitz is great and you can see his passion for the subject when he lectures. Definitely not that "easy A" class (sometimes felt like I had to work harder for this class than my 498 class).
5.0 : Dr. Kravitz is by far one of the best professors I've had. He's very passionate about diversity and you'll really learn a lot. Be inspired even. There were MANY "readings" (e.g. articles, videos, etc.) but they were pretty interesting so it wasn't bad. We had to do 12 journals, 8 quizzes, 1 test, a long (but interesting) essay, &amp; 1 group project.
4.0 : Easy class. is very passionate about this subject. however after the guest speakers class seemed to drag on forever and became really boring. The midterm is tricky and is all from pwpts. (know graphs and chart data!!). Dont skip class cuz he notices and is condescending in the journal responses about it. Gets annoying  but interesting topic
5.0 : Amazing professor and amazing class. I thought it was pretty easy. Some of the stuff covered you may already know about in society. You don't need the textbook but more important are going to class (which isn't hard, he's very interesting) and reading the articles. Professor is super nice and really seems to care about his students.
4.0 : One of the best mgmt profs at mason. Very approachable, kind and understanding when it comes to topics on diversity; he really knows his stuff. A lot of work was put into this class so dont expect it to be an easy A, but the course itself was really interesting so it wasnt that bad. Only a midterm, final, some papers, group project, quizzes.
5.0 : Prof. Kravitz is one of my favorites in school of business! He really cares about his students and although the midterm is tricky, if you really study and review the material, you'll do well. This is one of the best classes I've ever taken at GMU!
5.0 : Dr. Kravitz was one of my favorite teachers at Mason. You have to read a lot for the class, but the reading is extremely interesting. You will learn a lot and gain worldly insight. He genuinely cares about his students. Make sure you go to class, he really notices if you do not. Really great to talk to as well. He is kind and understanding.
5.0 : Diversity in Organizations was one of my favorite classes my entire college career. Dr. Kravitz is passionate about the material, and he gives "reading" assignments like recent articles, Ted Talks, and small youtube videos. It's an intensive class, and far from an easy A if you're looking to float through something, but it is definitely worth it!
4.5 : Demands attendance and attention in class. Great teacher who knows her subject in great depth . Her methods of teaching are such that the student would understand new concepts easily. --- Go to class and learn, you won't have to study for the exams. Great!
5.0 : Best ECE prof, clear explanation, notes are always available on BB, great websites links provided for your interest, i wish all ECE courses are taught by her. do your work and you're going to be fine, go to lectures, really helpful.
5.0 : Awesome professor
5.0 : Great and awesome teacher!
1.0 : Terrible teacher. Do not take. She used to  Be good but now she is not worth it. She gives lots of hw and will grade harshly. She is not a very nice person either. Save your money and do not take!!
3.0 : He is very passionate about history therefore he's does go off topic, you might start to question what is important to write down and what's not. However, he is really nice and always willing to help. An interesting aspect of this class is the field trip to Mount Vernon. Besides attending, you are also required to write a paper.
3.5 : He's a really nice guy. The lectures last all class. He covers a lot of content, so you have to take good notes. If you study before tests, you should be fine. Also, there will be book quizzes, so make sure you read the books.
4.5 : class is pretty straight forward notes on board copy down outline and what he says. Tests based on lectures in class only. Reading quizzes easy. Test can be tricky if you don't memorize everything on notes. Don't bother buying the main textbook only buy the two chapter books
5.0 : One of the best history professors I've had, has a lot of passion for his subject.
5.0 : It's obvious by his extensive lectures in class  that Dr. McCord is passionate about history and is very knowledgeable about early American History.  His lectures are long; expect to take LOTS of notes if you want to get a good grade.  If you like history you will find his lectures very interesting: like sitting around a campfire back in the day!
3.5 : Decent teacher. He has projector slides of an outline you have to copy down verbatim and he just reads them out loud. So so so boring and dry. He goes so slowly and we only got through 3/4 of the material. The book quizzes are easy (if you read) and the midterm and final are take home and relatively OK.
4.0 : History exposed by a real expert,  in a nice low tech  fascinating story telling mode. Always with interesting sidelights and factoids about the events, places and people; yet tied into the main theme of the development of our nation. History text is good, but no need to buy the latest edition; get the previous one off eBay for much less cost.
3.5 : Professor McCord is incredibly knowledgeable about American history. For someone who is a history major, I really enjoyed his class. It could be really boring for those who aren't interested in history. If you don't read the books you will fail the quizzes. The tests are tough if you do not study at all, and attendance is mandatory for doing well.
3.5 : Lectures were long and the tests were fairly hard because he asked about obscure people and events so when studying don't focus too much on the big stuff. Only gives three exams and two quizzes. Read the biographies for the quizzes or you won't pass them. Attendance is a biggie for him. Only covered half the syllabus which was disappointing.
2.5 : Professor McCord definitely loves history, and it was evident in the lectures, however I felt lost from time and time again. The handouts and papers we had to do were confusing, and I thought I'd lose my mind. Speaking to the professor helps somewhat, but you're on your own for the most part.
3.0 : Really nice guy who covers a lot of content. He puts an online on the overhead then talks for the entire class so for exams it's difficult to determine what was important. I suggest taking notes in class and from the textbook. You also need to read the two assigned books for the quizzes; they're easy if you read.
5.0 : Love her! Prof. Rowan is a gem at Mason. Other communication professors should take notes. I have taken almost all of the comm. professors and none of them measure up. Classes are lecture based, easy assignments with great feedback, midterm and final, 2 group projects. I highly recommend all public relations students to take her over anyone else.
5.0 : Dr. Rowan is a great teacher.  She really loves public relations and enjoys teaching it. She has lots of relevant assignments, similar to what you'll be doing in your real world job. And she has wonderful speakers come to the class. If you are a PR student, I highly recommend Professor Rowan.
5.0 : Honestly the most amazing professor. She made me excited about PR and was so inspirational. If you're in any of classes you are extremely lucky! LOVE HER!
5.0 : She's amazing! Dr. Rowan will help you out with everything and anything. The class is really easy, I would have loved not to buy the green book, but you can save it and use it as a resource. Her lectures are good, short. Usually makes you work, so one gets to learn a lot about the field. Also a lot of guest lectures which is AWESOME. Overall great!
3.5 : She's almost too nice. When you go to ask her for clarification, she's so focused on being accommodating its hard to get a straight answer. I like that the group project has mock interviews and assigned group roles - good practice for professional life. Grading didn't happen until the very end on the project for the most part. Good overall.
5.0 : I've taken 393 and 399, he is wonderful. If you want writing and real-life advice from a successful writer, take his course and go to class. He also always makes time for one on one conferences and if you're worried about your grade just ask him and he will say if you're doing alright or not.
2.5 : Assigns two papers, the first paper is worked on throughout the semester where bits and pieces are done at a time. Finally when near the semester is ending, he expects you to finish one paper, complete a whole other paper plus an additional essay. Says he is there to help with feedback but is last minute with everything. Would not take again.
3.5 : We had occasional short quizzes on the books we were reading but they were not announced beforehand. Professor Berg is really interesting to talk to and he's funny during lecture. Just all around a nice guy. Pay attention to what he is looking for in an essay and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Great professor. Easy class if you keep up and actually do some work and not try to write a paper last day. grading criteria is a bit vague, but if you do  your work, you can't go wrong. I took 302 in the summer and it wasn't bad, I imagine it would be even easier in a full semester
5.0 : A lot of reading, 10 thread posts on blackboard, 1-question quizzes nearly every class (to make sure you're actually reading), and a few papers. I really enjoyed the class--she's funny and does an excellent job of balancing lecture with discussion. She's not that hard of a grader if you put some thought in your work. Highly recommend!
4.5 : The books required for this course are fun and easy to read. You have to complete 10 blackboard posts, a 1 question quiz each class, 3 essays, and 3 tests. Essay topics are not hard but i HIGHLY suggest going to her office hours for advice. Tests are very easy as long as you know your vocab which she tells you what to study.
4.0 : Professor Michals is awesome. She's helpful and wants you to succeed. I liked her as a person and a teacher.
5.0 : First Geography course, and I did very well in Professor Dillon's class.  I took his class and 3 other classes all while working full-time and managed an A, although it was a lot of reading/writing, it is manageable if you spread it out over the semester: don't wait until the end.  This class should be mandatory for all students.  Best class taken.
3.0 : Mainly for the ROTC students who have to take a 300+ military related GGS/HIST class. Graded on: Midterm 25%, Battlefield Analysis 25% (18-22 pg) , BOS quiz 5%, Chapter Precis 15%, staff ride 20%, and a end of the year poster presentation 10%.  A lot of work, if you're not a GGS major or hate papers.  Despite all this, knows his stuff and nice.
5.0 : GREAT professor! He is very nice and helpful, I would highly recommend taking any of his classes.
5.0 : Great
5.0 : She is probably one of the best dance teachers I've had.  She listens, she observes, and is dedicated as an artist. Can when be funny when she wants to, but nonetheless is very VERY dedicated. Have fun in her class and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Very well organized and had the class actively engaged the whole time.
5.0 : I took this class online in 5 weeks, and she was very helpful through email! You MUST purchase and read the textbook to answer and understand the test questions &amp; quiz questions. There are multiple assignments you must do weekly, but they are fun and you learn from them! No late work is accepted, so do all the assignments on time &amp; you'll do great!
4.5 : (Summer A class): Super easy course to take. I got an A- and I hate online classes.  I would've gotten better, had I not turned in a couple assignments late. Prof. Norden was great. She always kept the class informed of upcoming assignments, reading, etc.  The class was well organized and I learned some interesting topics throughout the course.
5.0 : I enjoyed this course because all the material is relevant to everyday life. I would take this course again.
5.0 : Very easy Summer course. Kind of a joke, but the textbook had really good, relatable information. Prof. Norden is very sweet, well organized and communicates well. Easy A if you do the work.
2.0 : Multiple easy assignments per week, if you do not keep up with them, it can really hurt your grade/GPA.  Must turn everything in on time, she will not accept any late work, no exception. She is the most unhelpful teacher I have had, other than this, the  assignments/quizzes are interesting. There are 3 open exams, questions can be difficult to find
2.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Prof. Williams is incredibly technology challenged. None of his lessons or homework was ever posted to Blackboard, non-pop assignment's due dates were never on the syllabus. Often cites this class as "not a politically correct classroom" to justify making fun of people's disabilities, appearance and race in problem examples.
4.0 : If you don't love this man and his class...there's somethin' wrong with you!
4.5 : If you do not attend class you will not pass. It is just that easy, if you take good notes and Record his lectures, you will do well. Pop quizzes every two weeks and 2  3 Problem sets, a midterm and a final. The Midterm is much harder than the final. This was not my major, but could not imagine taking this class with any other professor.
5.0 : Probably one of the top economic thinkers on the planet combined with an ability to relay his knowledge at a lower level. Attending class and taking notes is a must. He will go over most of whats on the test directly, sometimes a close approximation. Probably not great for non-econ majors. You will be challenged in what you think.
5.0 : take her!
4.5 : Dr. Poms is a very engaging professor and this class was a joyful one. No exams, but a ton of reading and homework. Must put in work and effort to get an A. She makes the class participation part of assignments, so you can't miss class if you want to do that homework. One big group project at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Dr. Poms is an awesome professor!  Very nice and super easy.  One group project at the end but it's not difficult at all.  Tests are easy as long as you study and know the formulas for everything.  Only complaint would  be that she kind of treats you like kindergarden students.  Would definitely love another class with her though!
2.5 : She was very rude and disrespectful. I am so glad I do not have to deal with her again. She needs to be trained on how to be professional and respectful.
4.0 : I was really scared about GCH 465 class, especially in summer session. But it was not difficult at all. There were a lot of easy assignments, you can get an A. There was a group project and presentation, it was not difficult either. Finally, there was a position paper,it was difficult but if you got all As in other assignment you will be fine
5.0 : Dr. Poms was a great professor. There were quite a few assignments in a short time since I took her over summer, but she made it very manageable. One small paper, one big paper, easy reading quizzes, a 45 minute group presentation, a LinkedIn, and a resume were what were required for the class. I would take her again. She is passionate and funny.
5.0 : It is hard work for sure, but it pays off. Dr. Poms will do whatever it takes to help you succeed, not just in class, but in your career as well. Ask questions when you are confused, work hard, and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Dr. Poms is the best
5.0 : Dr. Poms is an amazing professor. Going to class, doing the homework (AND practicing the problem sets), studying for the exams (she gives a very detailed study guide!) are the key to success. Sometimes she seems rude, but that is just because she is an Epidemiologist and not a people person. Take her if you want to be an Epidemiologist!
4.5 : He is a very good professor, who knows his stuff. His teaching style is very different to most, b/c he seems to jump b/w topics,still, somehow it all seems to make sense in the end. His exams are hard, but for our class, he let us use our books for about 20-30 minutes. He often forgot and let us use it even longer. Take his class. You will learn!
5.0 : She's really fantastic. A lovely woman who loves geography. If you're even slightly interested in other parts of the world, you should definitely take this class. You will be engaged, not bored by her lectures and as long as you have pretty good attendance, you'll do fine. Great experience!
5.0 : I haven't even opened my text book and I have a strong A. She tells you exactly what she wants you to learn and she gives easy, borderline fun, assignments.
5.0 : Professor Hallden is one of the most down to earth professors I took at mason. The class just reassured me that geography is my fav subject. Very helpful and her projects are really fun to do and the class just goes by so quick
5.0 : I only took this class because I needed a class on Tuesdays and Thursday that would fill a requirement.   That being said - map and mapping, did not sound to interesting.   It turned out to be a great class and I gained some valuable knowledge.    Signed - New Cartographer.
5.0 : Super sweet and clear in her lectures, but man her exams were specific and lectures were lengthy. As long as you go to class and take notes (she doesn't post lectures online) and study them, you will do fine in class. Not an easy gen ed but I did enjoy it.
3.5 : Professor Hallden is very nice, but it was a challenging class for me personally. Vocabulary and content was a challenge, but she's very nice and is willing to help me when I needed it. Use her office hours wisely, and ask for help. She's really nice and approachable.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors at mason. She is very clear and helpful. The projects are super easy and you don't even need to buy the book. Only bad thing is that her notes are massive. Be prepared to write A LOT!
4.5 : She grades tough, but it's for a reason.  This is by far the best class I have ever taken.  Study, pay attention, and do the work, and you can do well.  It's definitely not an easy A class.  Professor Hallden is great!
5.0 : Super nice professor. Fun class. Well below my knowledge level, but fun for a gen ed. Didn't really have to try. Never opened the textbook. Got a 98 on first test, 90 on the second with only about an hour of study.
3.5 : She is a very nice women and helpful if you ask for it. Grade consists of a few tests and 2 very easy projects which you should get an A on to help boost your test scores. GGS is a lot of material and memorization so reading and studying is crucial. Lectures can pack a lot of info in sometimes. Going to class is key to knowing whats going on.
3.0 : Little bit random with what he discusses during lectures. Likes to try and inspire his students and he sometimes cares more about that than effectively teaching the material before assessing us on it. Powerpoints were not very well done. Take notes and use the book often and youll do decently well.
5.0 : Dr. Van Zummeren is an amazing professor. As long as you follow the rubrics for the papers you will be fine. I had him Mondays from 7:20-10 and he would always let us go by 9:30 tops but still covered all the material every single class. If you ever have a question you can just email him and he will help you out! It was a fun class, he's funny :)
4.0 : Respect students, positive, supportive, fair
5.0 : Prof Jeff is the best teacher in the department. He taught me how to be really good at breaking software.
5.0 : My favorite professor!  He is super understanding and always willing to help. He has hilarious lectures and likes to make jokes.  I really appreciate how much he cares about his students.  If you like design, you will really enjoy this class.  I didn't need the textbook, his slides covered everything.  I am an ACS/SWE major
5.0 : Great professor. Respects students, easy going person. Definitely recommend for other SWE class too.
5.0 : excellent
4.5 : Make sure to come to class for quiz and lecture for an A.  His lectures are very informative and entertaining, unlike his textbook which he keeps telling people to read.  Fair grader, easy going personality.  I believe he curved the grade so a 75 was a B-.  Fairly easy quizzes and homework.  Final exam had tougher questions and was long.
4.0 : This class is a lot of work. 10 labs + 2 projects + final project. The labs are fairly easy to do if you start early. The projects have to follow her guidelines but are otherwise left to your creativity. One exam for which you have a study guide. Pretty easy and interesting class but is a lot of work.
4.0 : The exams are very long. You need to know everything. Expect to work until the end. You get a cheat sheet. Write down EVERY HW you have on there. She uses them for the exams.
5.0 : This course requires a lot of work (seems a little more difficult since it's the first programming course-- VS coding). Prof White reads through slides but also works out examples. She's a reasonable grader. DEFINITELY START PROJECTS AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE. She tends to assign projects as she's teaching the material, so it helps if you keep up.
4.5 : Honestly the best professor for the course. Lectures are clear and well defined, and she posts all notes and examples online. Homework is often and pretty easy, but the labs can be difficult. Her exams and grading policy is very fair. So long as you pay attention, do the homeworklabs, and study, you'll  get at least a B. Textbook is very helpful.
4.0 : Really helpful. This course does require work but it does help you learn. It is one of the tougher courses but shes a great professor.  We had homeworks and longer programming assignments. Do start them sooner rather than later. The first exam was kind of long so learn to budget your time. It's a challenging class but enjoyable.
5.0 : Great teacher.  This class will be very difficult if you're not comfortable with C and Unix.  If you did well in CS262 you'll do well in this class.
2.5 : She talks like she is in hurry. Hardly to catch up her pace. Going over slider like her baby is crying for her to come back. A lot of materials are on hw and test, but she barely explain them a little bit. 3 Lab assignment(projects) are tough. Tests are also tough, but if you master the hw and lab. You should be fine. Require putting effort.
3.0 : She is a nice person, gives fine lectures but  mostly just goes through slide after slide without doing unprepared examples. Projects require a lot of work and can be very time consuming and don't expect to learning how to do them during class, very much a piazza and trial and error class. She is your only option so just take her. Fair class for CS
4.5 : Very helpful and respectful teacher. Solid projects and homework. Great lecturer and tries to keep things interesting. Definitely recommended!
5.0 : Best professor ever
5.0 : One of the most useful classes! One of the best professors! Class with heavy coding, which is fun!
2.5 : Very aggressive project. Do not take this class. The project will take most of your time through the semester. She reads from slides.
4.5 : encourages class to participate in discussion. the material itself is not easy. lectures may seem dull and confusing some times but when you get the practical concept of it on homework it's way clearer. curves a bit on the final grade
2.0 : Bad teacher. Ditsy, constantly makes errors/mistakes. Our lectures were online, but the one time we had lecture in person, she zipped through them. Thus I didn't get much from the lecture. The material is not hard, but the class is a ton of work. She's nice to most people, but she was rude to me on more than 1 occasion. take it with another prof.
5.0 : One of the greatest professors. Cares a lot about students and helps them make progress
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR. Flipped classroom approach: watch video lectures at home (instead of homework), and then do the practicing in class with groups (instead of lecture). This style was enormously beneficial to me. She gives worksheets for every topic that help A LOT. Programming projects VERY time consuming(manageable). Hot b/c personality rocks
5.0 : Monday lectures, Wednesday labs. Labs can be finished in 1-2 hours. There is a semester long project that is a lot of fun to complete. 2 major projects that are a little annoying because you end up trying to figure out conversions more than you are trying to figure out Android-specific topics, but overall this is a straightforward and useful class.
4.0 : Her 477 class is very easy to get a good grade in, but it does take up a lot of time due to the many apps she assigns (can be up to 3 at the same time), but they're really easy, you just need  to put in the work. The labs are trivial and she gives you a pool of potential questions before the final. Overall, easy A but a lot of hours of programming
5.0 : Great professor, very straight forward course. He goes through his slides the day before the exam, and tells you exactly what you need to study for his tests; no curve balls either. Projects can be time consuming, but pretty basic coding. Was my first time using python, had no problems at all. Come to class and you know what to expect.
4.5 : Professor Boudreaux is by far the most passionate teacher I've ever had. His lectures are almost life-coach-esque. The man speaks and breaths economics and will explain comprehended concepts in the most clarified way. Show up for class, give the man his warranted respect, and you'll be thankful for taking his course. A must-take teacher at GMU.
5.0 : One of the best professors at GMU. don't buy the book, exams are based on his lectures.
5.0 : By far one of one of the best teachers at mason. Yes his lectures are long but he at least trys to keep them interesting, but its econ, what can he do.  Basically 0 reading needed which is nice. The test are extremely easy if you actually attend class.  Easy to understand and uses good real life examples.  If you hate econ like me take this teacher
4.5 : Boudreaux was fantastic. He doesn't give many tests, and those are the only grades given. Study for them and they're no problem. Great professor, although he goes less in depth than some of the other Econ professors I've taken. This didn't hurt me when I got to higher level Econ classes though, so I definitely recommend him.
5.0 : He is my favorite pro in GMU!! Highly recommended! Clear, helpful lecture with easy exam!
5.0 : Fav professor at GMU, tells interesting stories and gives helpful examples! And I love his voice 3
4.0 : The material content seems like common sense, and to be honest it really is. BUT he is extremely wordy on exams, making it more difficult than it has to be. He does curve (only a few points). You don't need the textbook. Don't skip class because the exams are strictly taken from lectures. Out of all of our econ professors, I'd take him again.
1.0 : No need to buy the book. Lectures the entire three hours of class. Three test are the only grades you will receive in his class,  take detailed notes. Test wording is extremely tricky. He is passionate about what he teaches but it is difficult material to retain.
4.0 : 3 hour lecture with this guy isn't too bad. His way of lecturing the material at least prevents me from being bored for 3 hours. Keeps the topic interesting, and I think if you're willing to come to class, take good notes, and study hard; you'll do just fine. The best thing to do: get a voice recorder and record his lecture so you get every detail.
3.5 : Tests are easy. Took ECON 103 with Rustici but that was a mistake. Withdrew mid semester from that class. This is a much better class. Exams are easy and the lectures are pretty long and repetitive but the class is easily passable.
4.5 : He is a great professor. Very passionate about Economics, and willing to help. The course consisted of 2 exams and a final. Attendance was not mandatory, but attending the lecture is MUCH more helpful than reading the textbook. I would recommend him.
5.0 : His lectures make you WANT to stay til 10 PM every week. He was so so amazing. His final was a bit harder than I thought. Even though it was the only class I didn't get an A in that semester, I would take his higher level Econ class in a heartbeat!!
5.0 : Everyone talks about how hard econ is so I was so scared to take this class. Boudreaux is amazing! He explains things in different ways to make sure you understand. Take notes because his exams (only 3) are based on his lectures. He is a great teacher and actually made me interested in econ. Definitely take his class!
1.0 : One of the worst classes I have taken at Mason with the worst professor. Do not be fooled by his good reviews like I was. He is an absolute horrible professor. He has no power points or writes notes on a blackboard. His "lectures" have no correspondence with his exams.  Doesn't take attendance and puts his students to sleep. Save your money!
5.0 : Professor Boudreaux is amazing! He's hilarious, and makes economics interesting. His tests are based heavily on his lectures, so be sure not to skip! As long as you show up and take good notes, you'll do well in his class. His class is a bit easier than other economic classes, though. So keep that in mind if you want to higher level stuff.
5.0 : He is absolutely amazing.  He explains things in a very clear way. He doesnt use a textbook.  Just go to every class and take notes on what he says because that is what he tests on. Don't listen to the bad reviews at all. They are likely the kids who skip his lectures and then get mad that they got Fs and Ds. Best Econ 103 professor here at Mason.
5.0 : Boudreaux is amazing! You do not need the book, but make sure to take good notes!
4.5 : Great guy! Gives great real-world examples during his lectures, which really helped me understand the topics! He only tests in what he lectures about, so don't skip class!!!!!
3.0 : His class is not easy but any means but it is not rocket science either. He doesn't use a textbook like everyone says. There's no point in getting it. He will tell you that it's still important to read it but it isn't. My best recommendation is to go to every class and record it. Make sure you pay attention and study.
4.0 : Take this professor! He is very passionate about economics.  The 3 hour lecture is boring but suck it up! If you pay attention and study for his exams you'll be very proud of your grade at the end of the semester.  Don't waste your time in another economics class- trust me! I took Rustici and failed, took Boudreaux and got an A-!
4.5 : I would highly recommend this class.  His lectures were fantastic and was great at explaining topics so you understand them.  This turns out it will be an elective for me but is a very practical class.  You don't need the book as everything on the tests come from the lectures.  The tests were kind of hard I thought so make sure you really study
2.0 : Dr Boudreaux is very knowledgeable person when it comes to economics but he lacks the ability to write things down especially when it come important components to economics. He expects you  to make up yours own notes  which at times can be difficult especially with tests. He does not take attendance and give  no homework other than the reading.
1.0 : Dr Bordeaux  Does not use blackboard.  Does not writes things down. Does not give study guide like every other teacher does. Does not use the text book . Does not respond to question by email.  This is how i describe his class and i think he unqualified to teach this course  and he us in the dark when it comes to topics covered in the exam.
1.5 : micro is very boring if you took macro first.that said- he takes forever to explain things, spends way to long on justifying poor metaphors,giving redundant examples etc. only 4bullets of notes per 3hr class, but verbally ridicules students who leave lectures early: Big Ego. Some ppl like him because he makes "jokes". Didnt open the textbook; A-.
4.0 : Professor Boudreaux is very interesting, straightforward and has a way of making you want to learn more. Loved his class!
2.0 : His lectures were clear &amp; understandable. However, the exams were far more difficult, especially the final, which was nothing like the material we went over in class. I was struggling with a C after the first 2 exams despite being a 4.0 student. I feel as though his lectures don't exactly align with his exams and are very unclear and tricky.
1.0 : His teaching style is horrible and he loves to hear himself talk.  Does not give any notes or a study guide for an exam. Does not answers question when it comes to personal understanding.  Talks too much but does not write anything at all on the board especially when it come  to important term.   Feels like attending  attending a seminar.
1.0 : He a very nice guy but his teaching sucks. Does use blackboard which can be difficult to determine your grade. He will test you on topics completely different from what he cover. Grading policy  is too much
5.0 : Come to lecture everyday, take notes, pay attention. His lectures are very engaging and he is easy on the eyes.
4.0 : Amazing lectures first two test are easy A or B the final is hard. Dont buy the book but go to class exams are similar or the same as the last semester
5.0 : He is a great professor! Very interesting. Would definitely recommend him!!
5.0 : Lord Boudreaux is an excellent professor at GMU. His lectures are long and consist of a good amount of information, but overall the course is fantastic. You are only graded off three exams, which seems stressful; however, the first two are easy. With this being said the final is a bit tough, but manageable. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. RARELY USED IT.
5.0 : Took this professor in 2012 for intro to micro. I had no prior econ knowledge. He was such an awesome lecturer and made the topics so clear. He was the reason I changed my major to economics and I haven't regretted it since. Seriously, take him!
5.0 : Boudreaux is AMAZING! He's the BEST professor at gmu for teaching econ! He's an INCREDIBLE lecturer! Uses GREAT examples to get students involved and better understand the material. He's also SUPER NICE and answers all questions students have. Record lectures, take good notes, and ask his former students for their test, you'll get an A+! TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : He lectures on what he says so don't buy the book. His class is really interesting especially since I wasn't expecting to love econ but now I do! He's really funny and he cares about his students and wants them to do well. He explains the material really well and makes sure you understand it and not just memorize it. I've learned so much! I 3 Econ
2.5 : he can be confusing sometimes, need to take notes and the exam is exactly what he says in class
5.0 : Prof. Boudreaux is a great lecturer, I thought his lectures were interesting and exciting. He only administers 3 exams, 2 main ones and a final. The exams are only on what he lectures. He is also generous in giving curves to exam grades. He is very funny, and there is absolutely no reason to buy the book, you can easily pass without it!
4.0 : If you do not go to his lectures, you will not pass his class. Although his lectures are long-winded sometimes, Boudreaux is a very passionate and interesting lecturer. The key points of his lectures are basically the exams. His tests are multiple choice and very straight-froward- just show up to class to learn the information. No book needed.
1.0 : He knows his the material very well but he lacks structure. He does not use Blackboard or give any assignment.  Test are very difficult even if you get curve it does help at all. He lacks the ability to write down anything on the board when it comes to specific terminology.  For those who get good grades take him for those who dont avoid him.
5.0 : I took micro with him and loved it. He's a great guy, always answers emails promptly, and I learned a ton from him. The first two tests were very easy, but the final was difficult. The only grades he gave were three tests, but that's expected with a large lecture class. Overall, I recommend him over Rustici (although both are great professors).
5.0 : Lectures are interesting and entertaining...  quite light on material, even for a 100-level course, but he prioritizes making class interesting. Don't bother to study from the book; exams are 100% from his lectures. Just attend the lectures and take notes for an easy A. Very nice guy, too. Would take again.
5.0 : Realest dude alive, take him
5.0 : If I had to take Econ 103 again, I would definitely take Boudreaux. His lectures are long, but he gets you interested in the material
3.5 : I took Micro at NVCC a year ago (another professor), and GMU Micro with Don Boudreaux in Summer 2015.  Learned FAR MORE from NVCC.  Supply-and-demand in all its many guises is all that you're going to get from Don Boudreaux.  His lectures are all-important, exams are based on nothing else, and he's up-front that you will not use the textbook.
4.0 : He is a great professor, really knows what he is talking about. But if you are not willing to sit there and listen to his lectures- you will not pass this class. He gives 2 midterms and a final. He does not give homework or put anything up on blackboard. He is the best econ professor, take him if you want to pass the class.
4.0 : Donald is the best Econ professor at mason so I definitely recommend him. He is knowledgeable. As long as you go to class and take notes on the lecture, you will receive an A. He talks about the same thing for 40 minutes to drag on class, but there is no homework or quizzes. Your grade is based on 2 midterms and a final so you need to attend.
5.0 : Great lectures. He uses real world examples and really engages the class with his stories that directly relate to the fundamental concepts of economics. Lectures are not mandatory but if you attend you are very likely to pass the exams with very little extra studying, since it's very easy to recall his stories and apply it directly to the exam.
5.0 : Lectures are the main thing. He lectures all class. Make sure to take notes and pay attention or you won't pass his tests. He tests on what he lectures, so make sure you show up to class, or at least have a friend to give you notes. The only grades he gives are the tests you take. His lectures are long, but worth it. Loved this class.
5.0 : He is a phenomenal professor. He is very nice and always willing to help out students when they have questions. Would definitely take his class again!!!!!
5.0 : Extraordinary professor. Extraordinary person. Inspirational man. No explanation necessary. A blessing of a professor to have at Mason. Highly, highly recommend.
5.0 : If you need to take Econ103, he's the way to go. Spectacular teacher, easy tests and an overall hilarious man. The only drawback is that he doesn't test you on the textbook, he tests you on only what he says in class, but the class is so enjoyable that it's not annoying to take notes and pay attention at all.
3.5 : He is the best bet for econ that you'll have.  He's kinda funny and you have to go to class to pass.  He's light on material and a good teacher who cares about his subject.  Big lectures that are long though.
1.0 : Seemed like a 400 level. Can write down word for word what he says, but won't learn anything and none of it will be on his exams. If not an Econ major, his exams are super hard because he writes them like everyone knows econ. Not exaggerating - many ppl in class were repeats  or had to retake them afterwards, like me. I was fooled too, AVOID!!!!
4.0 : Boudreaux made class interesting even though Econ isn't. I would recommend him to everyone taking Econ103 and 104. Lectures are long but class only meets once a week. He'll repeat important things that will be on the test, make sure you write it down! You're graded only on tests so make sure you study your notes. He offers extra credit.
4.5 : He is a wonderful professor. I would recommend him if you need this class for your business major. Nice man, funny, and explains the material well. The lectures do feel long, but i mean I took it at night for three hours (only once a week tuesdays tho).
3.5 : Amazing professor, NO homework and I didn't even buy the book. As long as you show up and pay attention during his lectures, you'll pass. Definitely take advantage of his pre-test Q&amp;A's and study!
5.0 : Boudreaux is by far the BEST econ professor at Mason. His lectures are so intriguing that they truly make you want to come back for next week. He is super helpful when you ask him questions. His real life examples make it pretty easy to learn the material.
3.5 : It is a rather easy class. If you go and actually want to learn, you'll get an A. If you skip all semester (like I did) and cram the say before an exam, you can easily pull off a C or B.
5.0 : You must go to class and take very good notes if you want to do well. You do not need the book if you take notes. Your grade is determined by 2 tests and a final exam, nothing else. The first 2 tests were easy but the final was more difficult. There is minimal work outside of class, as long as you go and take notes you should be fine. Great Teacher
3.0 : Only graded on 2 exams and a final. Doesn't use blackboard and takes forever to respond to emails. Don't miss lecture or you won't pass, so make sure to take great notes cause that's the only thing you can refer back to study for exams. Textbook was a waste of money in fact he wrote in his syllabus to follow what he says in his lectures.
4.5 : Boudreaux will always be my favorite professor at Mason. His lectures are so stimulating that he makes three hour lectures feel like they are one hour. All you need to do is show up to class and take great notes. His class is ver y straightforward there are only three exams and nothing else. I learned so much and never needed to read the textbook.
1.0 : It's hard to get a good grade in this class because your entire grade is just two tests and a final. If you don't do well on one, your basically screwed for the rest. I'd only recommend this class if you are a good test taker and don't want to do any outside work besides studying lecture notes (b/c that's what his tests are based on).
5.0 : Boudreaux is the BEST professor at Mason. If you have the chance to take him do it! He makes economics interesting and funny. Hes got loads of stories that all correlate to what he lectures on and does a great job relaying it to the class. He know what hes talking about and if you just show up, take good notes, and listen youll pass easily.
3.0 : He does make a 3 hour lecture very interesting and go by quickly. However, his teaching style made the class difficult. Not sure if its his strategy or just laziness. The only grades are 2 exams and the final. He will test you on anything he lectured on and doesnt have slides, notes, or any sort of study guide.
4.0 : One of the best Professors I've had.  He only tests on what he lectures on so you don't need the textbook. He's very straightforward and doesn't try to make it too difficult to pass. Find someone who has his previous yet recent tests, the questions are often similar and help you understand how he words them and what material he'll ask about.
5.0 : One of the most useful classes I ever taken. Show up to class, pay attention very careful and you will get an easy A.
5.0 : Professor Boudreaux is a great professor who is passionate about what he teaches. He does not use PowerPoints and rarely uses the whiteboard save to illustrate graphs of more visual concepts. Your grade is comprised of only 3 tests; if you do not show up and pay attention, you will fail miserably. Tests based on lecture. Do not buy the book.
5.0 : Professor Boudreaux is fantastic. Considering that he is one of the top economists in the world he is very down to earth. He is always willing to help and talk to students. If you disagree, let him know. He's very open to discussions. Really enjoyed this class.
5.0 : What a sweet old man. Dr. "Boy-low" is well-versed in his subject. The community encounters are the most tedious of the work he assigns but they can be branched out throughout the semester. He doesn't really assign due dates and the day-to-day of the class isn't very taxing. Unfortunately is is set to retire this semester.
3.0 : Only problem:  received B on final prospectus (thesis); final paper returned with "where is thesis" and "spacing" as main marks against paper.  Barely any feedback esp. with improvements made from previous paper:  C-.  If this wasn't as confusing as his office arrangement.. I'd accept the fundamental flaws of my paper that still have me wondering.
2.0 : Dr. Clark is a brilliant man but this makes him hard to please. This class did not help my GPA
5.0 : I took this class as a second semester senior so for me it has been a breeze taking a lower level class again. However, this is a course that requires actual reading and participation. Totally worth it though, Dr. Clark is an engaging/inspirational lecturer. I recommend to all.
2.5 : First and foremost, Clark is a scholar of literature. He is not a professor of literature; he is a scholar. So expect to write scholarly papers and have scholarly conversation (with the vocabulary). Clark is a highly intelligent man, but he's not always intelligible. If you plan on taking this class expect a great education, not a great GPA.
3.0 : Very subjective to his agenda on papers, if you do not sway to his beliefs.  This will affect your grades. Also did extra credit,  did not reflect on helping grades.  He is highly disorganized when meeting in his office , yet he emphasizes on professionalism.  My grade point average went down and I received a c.
5.0 : Prof. Clark is an incredible professor that I highly recommend. I learned so much in this class but it was not easy. There's a lot of reading and a few pop quizzes so do your work! Very little homework and 2 papers, one average and one long. Midterm and finals aren't too bad, but being studious for this class is a must!
5.0 : Dr. Clark is the best teacher I've ever had. He takes analysis of texts to a new level and focuses on learning rather than overloading you with homework. Put effort into your assignments, participate in class, and you will be rewarded with new perspectives and insightful feedback. This class was not only informative, it was seriously interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Clark is the best teacher I've ever had. He focuses on learning rather than overloading you with homework. Tough, but fair grader who will give incredibly helpful feedback. He has a superb understanding of the field, and classes/readings are seriously interesting. Not an "easy A," but you will definitely learn a lot. Worth every minute.
5.0 : I loved Dr. Clark's class. It was not the easiest course, but it was very interesting and insightful because many of our readings related to global issues. A lot of class discussion and reading. Some short essays and one long research paper assigned. Book passages, novels, and plays assigned that required critical analysis. I'd recommend his class!
5.0 : Wonderful Professor! I adored his class. It was a bit of work though. You do have to read, and you should participate in class. We would have pop quizzes. Also two papers; one was about 5 pages and the other was 10 pages. He was happy to help on the papers though and gave good feedback.
5.0 : He's one of the best teachers at Mason. Like how everybody else said, this class will not be an easy A and if you are taking it for a gen ed, I wouldn't recommend it. But this is one of the most thought provoking classes I have taken. Also the reading selection was really interesting, ranging from plays, autobiographies, and novels.
2.5 : Do not take this class if you are not an English Major.  For the final and midterm you are going to have to write about things you learned through the semester and he grades hard! There are also 2 papers and one optional paper. Pop Quizzes also. He expects you to write as if you have a PHD in english, so avoid this prof!!
5.0 : Professor Gibson might be the best professor I've taken in college. His lectures are awesome, while sometime tedious, but always interesting. He is funny, genuine and always willing to help his students.
5.0 : I seriously love Tim. He has been there for me through my entire time at Mason. M.A. advisor, PhD comps committee, you name it - he's done it. He definitely has challenged me to be a better scholar, and is no joke one of the best teachers in the Mason Comm department. I've taken him for several classes, and I promise you won't regret it.
4.5 : Clear lectures and assignments. The assignments aren't difficult but there are a lot of them so avoid missing them! Tests were clear and Gibson is willing to talk with you and help out if you're struggling. Gives good analogies which are easy to relate to. If you aren't a group person, be aware that you have permanent groups in his class.
5.0 : He is a really genuine,funny, and nice teacher who cares about his students.  He assigns a good amount of reading but they are interesting reads.  Sticks to the syllabus, gives some take home exams, shows clips of movies and tv shows to support his lectures and conducts whole class &amp;small group discussions.
4.0 : Gibson is awesome. He's a total dork but in the coolest way possible. Genuinely cares about the material and his students. Group work, total of 6response papers, and take home exams. sign in sheet. we watched a lot of movies in class, so that's always a bonus. 10/10 recommend
4.0 : I loved professor Gibson. His lectures were always very informative and entertaining. The only rough part is that he makes you do a response paper on articles that are super long every week.
5.0 : Gibson is a great professor. His lectures are more like storytelling which keep it interesting! He is always very prepared for his lectures and you really get what you're paying for with him! He is also hilarious and loves using personal experiences to better explain the material. He is very easy going and is willing to work to help his students!
5.0 : Prof. Gibson makes this class engaging and fun. There 3 exams (2 take home), 6 short response papers, and one final big paper. His guidelines are clear and the material is fun so it's an easy A if you come to class and do your work. But coming to class won't be a problem because it is fun material and you'll want to come! Highly recommend.
1.0 : He is a hard grader who failed me in the exams and I did not understand his lectures. His exams are hard and he word it differently from his power point slides and the readings. If you did not take any theory class before, do not take him.
5.0 : He was awesome! His required work was a breeze and I genuinely fell like I learned something. I would DEFINITELY take another class of his because he really made class fun.
5.0 : His lectures are amazing and keeps the material interesting. He is very much invested in his students success. You have weekly papers based on articles and chapters from books he has assigned. They are pretty simple because the papers only needs to be a min of a full page. Tests are a bit hard, but if you listen during class, you'll pass.
5.0 : Dr. Dave will go down in history as the best professor GMU has to offer. Be prepared to learn and take his class seriously if you want to walk away a much better writer. Buy his book. You'll use it often. Fantastic professor, funny, informative, and brilliant. Don't say just!
5.0 : He's really funny and engaging! Don't take his class if you get easily offended. He will joke and make fun of people in the class but it's all in good humor. He is really particular about grammar, so make sure your English skills are up-to-date :)
5.0 : Amazing teacher! probably my favorite professor I have had. The final project makes your grade, attendance is also very important. Gives you plenty of opportunities to do well and really cares about his students! any of his classes is a must take
2.5 : He is a very nice man and is easy to talk to. His class is very confusing in regards to when assignments are do, and a lot of the time even he doesn't know. But he is very forgiving when it comes to late assignments. Should be an easy B+ with minimal work.  Does grade on attendance.
3.5 : He presents himself as a kind and friendly professor. He does great at showing students respect. However, he acts differently when you interact with him outside of class. He is really flaky, not as friendly, and a bit unwelcoming. His lecture style can be a little dry. Class is very group work intensive.
3.0 : Database isn't an easy class.  Pay attention to lectures, take good notes and make sure you know the definitions.  Tests are multiple choice but tough.  Know the material.  Every class we had something to submit be it homework or a screen shot of what we were working on that day.  If you plan on skipping make sure you get that screen shot.
5.0 : I enjoy taking her class. she's very attractive yet very well educated. I missed less than 1 point towards b-. but of course she took care of me. thank you!.. database is the best!
5.0 : amazing professor who's passionate and a fun person too. This is not a hard class to me, especially if you have prior programming basics (anything helps). But if not, I still think mysql command's straightforward. First half of the class might be harder - figure out relationships and diagrams. quite heavy workload but manageable.
5.0 : She is honestly the best professor I have had yet and I would take her again and again if I could.
5.0 : Fantastic professor; responds to e-mails quickly and keeps the class engaging. One of the best professors I've had during my stay at Mason. Assignments and exams require a little bit of preparation, so be prepared to spend a little time reviewing concepts if you expect to do well in this course.
5.0 : Dr. Rytikova is by far the BEST professor I've ever had!! She's super passionate about databases and is an excellent lecturer. She goes out of her way to make sure you understand the material and answers her emails at lightning speed. She clearly loves her job and her students - I wish she could teach all of my classes!!!
5.0 : Professor Rytikova is incredibly dedicated to her students. There aren't enough professors of her caliber teaching, she's seriously that good. The amount of homework will make you sad but it is essential to master the concepts of database programming. I have considered changing my concentration to database because I loved her class so much.
4.5 : Great teacher. She really loves her job and wants her students to understand the material. Funny and witty. Keep up with the workload and it'll be fine.
3.5 : Amount of homework and quizzes is insane.
3.5 : I took the alternative hybrid learning course that Dr. Rytikova teaches with Dr. Boicu. Both are good professors, but the learning environment was horrible. Large class, no clear instructions, stress over turning in class exercises that weren't simple. LOTS of work (quizzes, projects, etc.) I would definitely recommend taking other 214 professors.
4.0 : Class is very easy if you do what she says. Pleasant to be around. Tries her best to make the dull course content interesting
4.5 : Dr. Rytikova is the nicest and most caring professor! She is the course coordinator for IT214 so she knows what she is doing. If you have a choice, you should definitely take 214 with her. I have never had a teacher who consistently replies back to emails within 45 minutes. Her dedication is amazing!
5.0 : Shes hotttt!!!!! and she keeps you motivated! She has so much energy that makes database programming exciting.
4.0 : She's the course coordinator for this class and is very strict. She has a Russian accent. Expect lots of homework that might be easy or confusing and long. Expect many quizzes and a limit of five minutes for ten questions on bb. Tests are hard. There's a project that's two parts. She goes the full length of lectures which are three hours long.
3.0 : SOOOO much work in this class, I do not recommend taking her class. Information was just thrown at the students without given clear instructions or examples. Everything in the class was a competition to get extra credit, without proper explanation of the answer.
5.0 : Any James Bond fans here? If so, if you take the class that is taught by both Rytikova and Boicu, you are in for a treat. They both remind me of Boris Grishenko, and Natalia Siminova from Goldeneye. They even look similar as well!
3.5 : She's a very passionate professional, and it's an inspiration to most AIT undergrads. With that said, don't expect an easy ride on the classes she teaches. You should read the class material before class, and closely pay attention to all her explanations on the subject. Tests aren't easy!
3.5 : I took the alt learning section, taught by her &amp; Dr. Boicu, don't recommend it unless you can teach yourself. This course isn't hard, I was just in a section where we did group work &amp; didn't get much out of lectures. A LOT OF WORK (hw, projects, quizzes, projects, &amp; test). But, so much Extra Credit in this course!! She is good though, email queen!
5.0 : She is one of the greatest professors I had met. There were assignment and online quiz every week, but it was easy to get high grades. There were two parts for the midterm and the final exams, choice questions and database/SQL queries designing. But the classes were always delayed by practice problems for about half an hour.
4.5 : Class was pretty easy, just read the textbook and you'll understand the material
5.0 : Linguistic is clear with this guy! He will make you love linguistics! Homework almost every week, one group project, then there is a final take home exam.
2.0 : So confusing this guy! His lectures are interesting and he is putting a show but he needs to understand that it is not about performance and it is about explaining the subject to all students not just a few from the front row. On top of that he is extremely intimidating and makes you feel stupid when you don't get something.
5.0 : Steven, despite being the department head, is the most relaxed, approachable professor I've ever had. He makes lectures fun, and he doesn't make students do a lot of assignments. There are never any finals in any of his classes, just a project such as a literature review or small research project. He is very intelligent, and makes linguistics fun.
1.5 : Get ready for a lot of rhetorical questions. nice guy and not an awful professor but overall I took nothing form this class. I'm an A student and got a B grade, it requires a special kind of mind to take this class. The kind of mind that questions everything
5.0 : I highly recommend Professor O'Malley. He is extremely passionate about being a historian and works very hard to make sure that his students are engaged and also to make his class interesting. He's very nice and can be funny! Again, I definitely recommend taking him if you can.
5.0 : He is amazing! Lectures are very interesting and O'Malley is hilarious. No textbook, tests, or homework but, you do have to write a blog and have a final assignment. He makes you think about the subject and is very into theories. Highly recommend him! You won't regret it.
4.0 : 6 quizzes a 2 page midterm and 2 page final. Orens tells history as if it were a story which may be interesting to some but a bit boring to me. take notes dont buy the textbook and study the study guides he gives before quizzes.
5.0 : Really good professor, lectures are not that bad to go to and thats coming from someone who barely goes to class. quizzes are really really easy because he gives out study guides that will help out a lot. inspirational, funny, but won't allow any electronics in his class and will call you out if he sees you doing so
4.5 : bad side to his class is no electronics and hand written notes but he's a great lecturer. take notes bc they'll help you understand content instead of cramming before quiz. no tests but multiple quizzes. if you do the study guide you'll do fine but with taking notes you'll do better. 2 papers straight forward from the primary sources given.
5.0 : Professor Orens was amazing. His lectures were very well spoken and thought-provoking . He told history in such an intriguing manner.  If you follow instructions and put forth your best work you will do well on the papers. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Orens is truly the most influential professor I have had. His love of history makes him fun to listen to. His discussions allow you to really think about the material. Good note taking skills is essential.  Take this class!!
5.0 : Professor Orens is an amazing professor. He is very easy to talk to and truly made history interesting. I really recommend talking to him after class. He is truly insightful, and he wants you to succeed.
4.0 : One of the best! He made taking a history class worth it. You absolutely need to go to class! There are no powerpoints, just a lecture with key words on the board. Quizzes are based off the lectures. If you don't understand something he will go back to restate/clarify. Also, though the papers are difficult, he reads them over to give you max points
4.0 : Orens is a wonderful orator, and he is able to connect the distant past with events from today, so I never felt like I was wasting my time. He calls out students if they use any tech, look like they are sleeping, or just not paying attention. Rule of thumb: write too much for the papers, not too little. Overall, pretty good class.
5.0 : I took Professor Orens in the 2015 spring semester, and actually enjoyed the class quite a lot. All of his notes are taken by hand, and he does not allow any electronic devices. He is an amazing  lecturer that will tell stories that will complement what is taught. Midterm/Final  Take home papers. Quizzes  study guides. Also gave extra credit.
5.0 : Professor Orens is hands down the best professor at GMU. If you want to take a real college class take him! HE IS JUST THE BEST.
4.0 : Best history professor I've ever had. His classes are lecture-based, so no discussions, very few quizzes and the midterm/final were essays. You can tell he is very interested in what he teaches, and his lectures feel like he is telling you an amazing story; the way he describes events pulls you right in. Never been this interested in history before
5.0 : This was my first history teacher, and I come from a line of historians. Professor Orens' lectures focus heavily of the religious and philosophical aspects of European society, which is great. He gives you an idea of how thought has progressed through history onward till today. Amazing class.
5.0 : best professor I have ever had.  considered minoring in history because I enjoyed his class so much. He lectures the whole time but it is super interesting. He is a great storyteller. He makes the class as easy as possible grade-wise. He really just wants you to gain knowledge and wisdom over just testing (quizzes were easy) he takes attendance
3.0 : Not the easiest A, but very doable. Quizzes are generally every other week, gives you a study guide that is helpful. Assigns two papers that can really make or break your grade. Would recommend if you're good at writing papers, especially about history...
3.5 : His class is only 1hr 15min put it feels like a 3hr course.  There are no powerpoint slides just useless key words.  There are 6 quizzes which he gives you the questions before hand and two papers.  The questions on the papers are really hard to answer but he grades it multiple times in order to boost your grade.  Overall the class was boring.
5.0 : Professor Orens is one of the best teachers I have ever had, and by far the best history teacher I have ever had.. The class goes by so fast, I never find myself looking at the clock. The quizzes are pretty easy because he gives you a study guide. The two papers are more difficult but definitely doable if you just follow the instructions.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. The quizzes are easy if you show up, take notes, and complete the study guide he provides. The textbook is definitely helpful for the midterm and final papers. As an avid reader and writer myself, I enjoyed how he constructed his lectures like a narrative. Often I would leave his class feeling inspired.
5.0 : Professor Orens gives the best history lecture ever! His lecture is quite interesting and strictly prohibits the usage of phone. We have three quiz and two papers, as well as  two extra credit chances. Highly recommend!
5.0 : I loved Oren's class. six 21 question quizzes that come with six 21 question study guides. He's an extremely fair grader. His lectures are AMAZING and its like story time. I would love to take another class by orens. if you're taking western civ, TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Professor Orens is without a doubt the best professor at Mason. His lectures are amazing and keeps you interested in the topic. His class is just as easy, consisting of 2 essays, 4 quizzes (which are extremely easy), and multiple extra credit opportunities. No final exam. He is also caring and goes out of his way to help you pass.
5.0 : HE IS THE MAN!!!   I've always been SO bad at history, but I LOVED his class.
4.5 : History is my worst subject, but Professor Orens makes it totally bearable. He frames historical events and periods like stories, rather than a collection of dates and facts. Super interesting and super funny. Few things though: no electronics AT ALL in class or you will be penalized; go to every lecture and take notes or you will -bomb- the papers
5.0 : He is a great professor and has very interesting lectures. Grades are made up of 4-5 quizzes and a midterm and final paper. He also gives extra credit for coming to class.
4.5 : Professor Orens is a very good orator. Makes long lectures seem interesting. Essays instead of tests and a quiz every couple weeks. Show up, take notes, read the sources given to you, and you'll do fine. History lectures not my thing but i enjoyed his class.
4.0 : He was very nice and a good orator, phenomenal lectures. There is a good deal of studying outside of class, but it is worth it on the exams, which are a little difficult. The papers saved my grade honestly. He also offers a generous amount of extra credit. He has a strict policy on technology, but it's for your own sake. Good about returning emails
5.0 : I had great expectations about this class because of the reviews and Orens EXCEEDED BEYOND MY EXPECTATIONS. His lectures are so inspirational and I can guarantee that you'll learn so much from his class. He is a true story teller. Textbook is useful when writing your midterm/final essay. Quizzes are similar to study guide.
4.5 : I took Western Civ with Professor Orens.  He was such an interesting speaker.    There were quizzes, but he gives you a study guide before the quiz that's essentially the quiz.  Fill out the study guide and you're golden.  The papers are also relatively easy.  Overall, the class is easy if you don't skip and do the study guides and you're fine.
5.0 : Dr Orens is pretty chill. Nice guy. Kinda religious but thats ok. Won't let you use your phone or sleep in class which is HELLA LAME! Assigns papers, expects you to read the book, pay attention in class, very ridiculous. This is college, not high school. I'm not going to pay attention in class, bro! But his lectures are funny and he is nice.
3.5 : Attendance is essential to passing. Great choice if you are okay with a B. Personally, I loved his lectures. I absolutely hate history but he made coming to class bearable.  Quizzes every week but there are study guides that help for the most part. Two 3-page papers that were exceptionally difficult, he and the TAs graded them harshly.
4.5 : Lectures are told like a interesting story and he puts up keywords on the board. There are two three page essays you write and no tests. Essays are graded by the TA and professor. You get a 21 question quiz about every two weeks. The TA sends free response study guides to you. There are chances for extra credit on the essays and quizzes.
4.5 : 6 quizzes that he gives you the questions for in the study guide, a midterm and final paper, and doesnt allow phones or laptops out and wants your undivided attention, so take all notes. He definitely makes history interesting and speaks really well; his side jokes dont hurt either. There is no hw or tests, but you have to work for that paper
2.5 : I don't understand why he has such high ratings. He was a horrible teacher. The TA's did everything and what he lectured in class was not even close to what as on the quizzes. The 2 papers were easy but his grading was so ridiculous. I would avoid him if possible. Didn't use the book at all either. Worst teacher I have ever had.
5.0 : Dr. Orens is an amazing professor in the History department. He teaches history as a story, and his lectures are intriguing. His class consists of quizzes and two papers. As long as you do the study guides and give yourself time to throughly write the papers then this class should be a breeze. He offers extra credit too, so utilize that as well.
3.0 : All your grade is 40% your midterm paper and 40% your final paper. Then the last 20% is 6 quizzes throughout the semester. He  sends you a 21 question study guide and the quizzes are 21 questions. show up to class, listen, write notes guaranteed an easy A
4.5 : Study guides were given for quizzes. Attendance is not mandatory but it is extra credit. There are a lot of opportunities for extra credit. However, I will say that if you are not a strong or decent writer you will not do well on his essays. Prof. Orens and his TA's are hard graders. They read through the essay's multiple times.
5.0 : Good professor that knows his stuff. Purely lecture and uses an overhead to show notes, so HAVE to go to every class. Grades made up of 4 quizzes (basically copies of the study guides he gives) and 2 papers (pick from 2 options for each paper, each have 3 questions on 3 different people). Grading can be kind of tough, but offers extra credit.
5.0 : He was by far my favorite teacher at Mason. I came prepared to hate History but it ended up being the best subject. Though attending class is not compulsory, I recommend showing up and taking notes because the tests are based on his lectures and primary sources. His lectures taught me so much about life and were very deep. His TA's are very helpful
5.0 : Great and nice prof! Took this class in summer, so its best if u go to every class and take VERY good notes. Not much txtbk use but I used it as reference when necessary. Quizzes based on his notes,study guide but this class heavily relies on primary sources for quizzes and 2 exams. No cellphones allowed. But take this stressless class for easy A!
2.0 : Expect to take note for this class. Only allow handwriting. Doesnt respect students that much. The quiz , midterm, and final are not difficult, study the study guide. if you take note during the class, dont have to purchase the text book. But if you miss the class, it isnt easy to find the right answer on his test.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best and most interesting teachers I've ever had, would definitely recommend his class, easy A if you go to class
5.0 : Professor Orens is the best thing that has ever happened to the teaching of history.  He loves what he is teaching, he makes you love what he is teaching, and if you take careful notes you will do well.  Take him!
5.0 : Wonderful. Out of all the lecture classes I've had, Orens is the only one where I actually was interested and leared something. Makes history like a story with a heavy philosophical bent. 3 or 4 quizzes and one paper (plus one opportunity for extra credit). WRITE DOWN EVERYTHING AND YOU'LL BE FINE. Didn't use textbook once, despite his insistence.
4.0 : Very good professor and passionate about the material. If you attend class and study the study guide the quizzes are easy. The midterm and final are essays. He is an extremely hard grader. If you are not a very good writer/good at analyzing information I would not recommend taking his class. If you are good at those things, this is an easy B+ or A.
4.5 : I went in hating history, I came out adoring history. Orens has the ability to transport you to the time period that he is talking about. The fact that he is so passionate about history, makes the class so much more enjoyable. There are six quizzes, and he gives a study guide. Study those! Go to class! He takes attendance and doesn't post notes.
4.5 : The most amazingly articulate professor I have come across so far! He's was an amazing storyteller. Scantron quizzes throughout the course and I believe 2 majors essays. 1 midterm 1 final. Gives plenty of opportunities for extra credit. Wonderful professor and very approachable for questions after class.
5.0 : Awesome professor! He kept everything interesting during class so there wasn't one dull moment. Highly recommended.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR AT MASON!!!! Take this class!
4.0 : Good professor, his lectures are entertaining and he is very enthusiastic about what he is teaching. You aren't allowed computers nor phones in class, which he is very serious about. But besides that, it's a good class to take! He gives you study guides for the quizzes, and they're very helpful. Do the work and you'll be fine!
4.5 : AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!! MUST TAKE HIS CLASS. You won't even WANT to skip.. and if you do, don't plan on passing.
5.0 : He is really nice and funny. Attendance isn't mandatory but go because that is where you will get your notes. He doesn't use blackboard so everything is turn in class. you only have 2 papers but you have 2 weeks to do them, and they are easy. Test are multiple choice 35 questions. give study guides. NO ELECTRONICS IN CLASS! Easy class. Take him.
4.5 : Orens is one of the best professors I have had. He has clear cut criteria, just read the information he gives you and you will understand. Do not skim his instructions for papers. He gives extra credit with papers. Midterm and the Final are papers. Do not skip class, he does not post things on blackboard. Very good teacher, will pass easily.
5.0 : Best professor in GMU!!
5.0 : He is hilarious. If you come to class, you will pass. He is not a hard grader. Also, you don't need the textbook but it is recommended.
5.0 : I haven't been interested much in history before this class, but he has made me consider minoring in history. Before each quiz (I had to take four total), they would email a study guide that would almost match the quiz. Doing the study guide would make the quizzes much easier. Great professor, very interesting, and funny at times.
5.0 : By far one of my favorite professors at Mason.  He loves History and teaching.  Wants his students to succeed.  Make sure you go to class to take notes, and midterm &amp; final essays are bit tricky.  However, he gives you the questions for every quiz in advance.
5.0 : The guy's very passionate about history. It's just western civilization so of course I don't really need to go as its stuff we already learned, but I still do, because the guy obviously knows what he's talking about and he loves what he does.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have had at Mason. He is wicked funny and his lectures are extremely interesting. He turned a subject I hated into one of my favorite classes. He is a brilliant and enthusiastic lecturer. 4 quizzes total and no midterm and final test instead wicked easy papers. Offers a ton of extra credit also. Would absolutely suggest!
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Mason so far. He is really nice and passionate about history. Doesn't take attendance, but go because that's where you'll get your notes. Strict about use of electronics, but it keeps you engaged. Gives 4 quizzes, but he gives study guides with all the questions on it. Doesn't give mid-term or final tests, only papers.
5.0 : AMAZING class. He really keeps you interested and he tells history as a story that you want to keep listening to. It makes you want to go to class. Go to class because study guides are based on his lectures. 2 papers + E.C. opportunities. Textbook barely used. Take good notes + grab a front row seat!
3.5 : This class consists of 6 quiz and 2 major essays, which the two essays worth 60 percent of your grade.  Give extra credit for the two papers. My suggestion is if you are having a hard time reading the primary source that he gave you and not good at writing essays, do not take this class.
5.0 : He does his lectures like telling a story. It's pretty interesting if you're actually listening to him. He has quizzes throughout the semester and they're pretty easy because he gives you the questions prior, via email. His teacher assistants and him are tough graders on the paper though, so try to send them your draft so you can get feedback!!
4.0 : Orens was a great professor.  Lectures were amazing and kept you interested.  Grade was made up of two essays (midterm and final) , easy quizzes (study guides given) and there were three extra credit opportunities.  His TA's and him grade very hard but after the first essay, you'll be good to go for the second.  Must go to class.  Would take again!
5.0 : Professor Orens makes you want to learn.  He is so interested in the subject that he teaches.  He also connects history to present day in very eye-opening and inspirational ways.  I would love to have him as a professor again... but my one warning is DO NOT use any technology in his class unless you want to be docked points. Highly recommend!!!!
5.0 : Amazing lectures. I've never been a big fan of history but I loved the way he taught the class, even added a little humor here and there. Highly recommend taking this class
2.5 : I would not take Orens again. He assigns many chapters at a time and gives a quiz every other week. He teaches this more like a philosophy class more than a history class. He doesn't focus on facts, just philosophers most of the time. His midterm and final papers aren't easy. He is very picky about how you write your papers.
5.0 : If I had to take history again, I would take it with him.  His lectures are easy to follow and whatever he says in class will be on the quizzes.  There are 6 quizzes and each one has a study guide with the exact same questions as the quiz itself.  There are two papers that are worth 60% and are graded hard. Gives extra credit to add to final grade.
4.0 : Admittedly, I was disappointed by Professor Orens. I understand why most professors don't like disruptions, but Professor Orens took this too far. If someone next to you even so much as quietly asked a class-related question, the professor would make a big deal out of it. However, lectures were fascinating and expectations were reasonable.
4.0 : Gives 6 quizzes which all answers are on quizlet, gives a midterm and final paper which are graded harshly, takes attendance, but he is an amazing professor, amazing lecturer, amazing human being. I have never had a professor that teaches with such passion. He makes you want to learn more about history and life as a whole. I highly recommend him!!!
5.0 : My favorite class thus far! I never liked history before but he made it so interesting and applied a lot of material on what is going on in the real world. It is easy to pass if you go to class and take good notes. There are 2 papers instead of exams: the mid-term and final and 6 quizzes. The study guides are helpful.  I highly recommend Dr. Orens!
5.0 : TAKE IT TAKE IT TAKE IT. It changed my opinion about history and made me ask big philosophical questions!!! He is an amazing lecturer, but doesn't really pay attention to each student. 6 quizzes, two papers that you can take home. Don't skip any class, cause all the quizzes come from the lectures.
3.0 : Orens is very knowledgeable and is a decent professor overall. His classes consist of him lecturing the entire time, which actually isn't boring to the point of sleep. There are no tests, 6 fairly easy quizzes, and 2 papers (which are graded rather tough might I add). But overall, he's a nice professor and I had no issues with him.
5.0 : Orens was great. I hate history, but he did try to make the lectures as interesting as possible. 6 21 question quizzes with 6 21 question study guides that come with. I disagree with everyone saying he's a tough grader, I got a 97 on both papers and I'm not strong in history. Just email it to his TA before it's due for feedback. MUST come to class
5.0 : This was my favorite class I have taken at GMU. Orens was absolutely amazing. His lectures were interesting and made the history fun and relevant to learn. He was a fair graded and the expectations were made clear from the beginning. I would recommend this class to everyone!
3.5 : Study guides before each quiz make it pretty easy. Two 3-page papers (ignore everything you know about proper formatting. He wants you to write them in a weird way).  Very old fashioned (NO ELECTRONICS OR PUNISHED!), but his lectures are as if it was story time.  Textbook is optional (he even tells you that), but it helps during the two papers.
5.0 : Absolute best history class I've ever taken and possibly the best class I've taken so far at GMU even after 3 years. He is so knowledgeable and makes learning so interesting. His lectures are vital, so GO TO CLASS. Highly recommend!!
5.0 : Professor Orens is truly passionate about history. Beware - he calls out his students in class if they look tired/are sleeping, if they use any sort of technology, or if they look like they aren't paying attention. He's very strict but it's to help you pay attention. As long as you attend every class, there is no need to read the textbook.
2.0 : Good professor, engaging. But when it comes to grading papers........ they are very tough and grades very harshly. Honestly don't know why. It's only a 100 level class not 400 level. Gives study guides for quizzes (4 in total). I would not recommend taking him ONLY because of the 2 major essay. Grading is ridiculous! BE AWARE AND TAKE SOMEONE ELSE.
5.0 : Dr. Platt is extremely nice. His course does not have an official textbook, so everything that you learn basically comes from his lectures. He has powerpoints but they only have pictures on them, so they won't make sense unless you attend his lectures. If you miss class, you will NOT get an A. The readings support his lectures. Take notes!
5.0 : One of the best history professors at GMU. His lectures are compelling and he establishes clearly what will be covered on the exams.
5.0 : Great professor. I'm not that interested in history but needed for my Japanese minor. He explains things well. He gives test questions in advance so make sure you know those. I never read but made sure to read the portions that were going to be on the test. Did fine in the class
4.0 : He's a gentlemen and very well mannered who has an expertise knowledge on Japan. He has 3-4 textbooks as well as online readings. Three exams, all the same format. He can be humorous at times but one thing to look out for is that he tends to run over class time. I would take him again!
5.0 : Professor Platt is one of the best professors I've ever taken at Mason. His lectures are both concise and informative, and he is almost always available to meet with students during his office hours. If you do the readings and prepare thoughtful essays, you're sure to get an A in the course.
5.0 : I love Dr Platt. Very kind and knows his Japanese history and language. I'm taking his second sequence in of Japanese history in the fall.  Highly recommend taking his class if you get the chance. If you participate, do the homework, and study, you will def get a good grade.
4.0 : Awesome Professor so knowledgable but can break down materials so everyone understands. He wanted the kids who showed up and put in effort to do really well.
4.5 : His classes were really enjoyable. Some written assignments and tests can be hard but he is a fair grader and very helpful. I especially liked his course HIST 357 which focused a lot on movies of that time period. He also knows Japanese and can write and speak it, I can really see how much he loves the topics he teaches.
5.0 : Professor Platt is an awesome and kind teacher. He makes the class very interesting and makes you actually want to learn the material. The class is not an easy A but if you read the reading and go to class you will be fine.
3.0 : Dr. Platt is super nice, but beware; I took his class based off his rating, which was inaccurate. although nice, he's really tough at grading, doesn't have good powerpoints  to study off of, and is very boring. For a gen ed requirement it's okay, but if you don't do well on an essay you're screwed. He was just ok.
4.0 : Great Teacher. I'm not a big fan of writing classes but he made this one bearable.
5.0 : This was surprisingly one of my favorite classes last semester. It was on science fiction and lectures would range from the two books and other excerpts we read, to other topics in modern science/futurology. He made every class both interesting and effective at making us fully understand all the readings. Only two essays, and small reading quizzes.
3.5 : If you disagree with him he tends to shut you down rather than foster healthy debate. That being said he is a very easy grader and lets you rewrite papers for a full grade. Be careful with this, as he will give lower marks should you write about something he disagrees with. Books aren't needed, but are used as sources for papers and discussions.
2.0 : Too much work don't take this dude
5.0 : really nice guy! very clear! sooo happy i took him. the best part about him is he lets you rewrite papers
5.0 : His assignments are pretty straight forward. Not many assignments. Not too much work. One paper that is approximately 6 pages. Not too bad. TOUGH grader. I didn't get 100% on one single assignment. The best he will give you is a 4.755. You can re-submit your assignment within 2 weeks of grading.
5.0 : Professor Taciuch made this class really interesting. The only big assignments were three papers and a final presentation (about the third paper). He's a nice guy and really wants to help you succeed. Every class is just him having a conversation with the class and he'll follow the conversation wherever your want to take it.
5.0 : Writing assignments weren't that tough and the final was pretty easy. He was very lenient on the research paper.
2.5 : He is a very tough grader, you will never get a 100% on an assignment. He isn't clear on what he wants in a paper, everything is very broad. Even if you wrote a good paper, if it isn't the way he wants it, he will give a low grade. At least you can re-do them in a weeks time, but that's hard for a condensed summer class.
5.0 : Amazing professor. I was intimidated by the syllabus at first but it ended up being one of the easiest and stress free classes I've ever taken. He is very respectful of his students and very lenient. Allows re submissions on all assignments. Makes it clear that he wants his students to succeed. I would most definitely take another class with him!!
5.0 : Best English class ever taken. Very fun and great professor. Gotta love the resume writing skill he teach in there. Now i know how to write elegant resume without a lot of words :D. Will take again if I need to. Please do yourself a favor and take him.
5.0 : I took the hybrid class. His lecture &amp; assigned readings are interesting. He has a bunch of assignments but they're very short &amp; he basically tells you what to write in class. Can revise as much as you want as long as you do it within two weeks of getting it back. He's a cool guy. TAKE THIS IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BE STRESSED OUT.
1.0 : Don't take him bad professor Hard grader and that's why he let you do the assignments many times
5.0 : The books are pretty interesting especially since its all sci-fi. The hw is manageable and nothing too crazy. It's not hard to get an A. Participation is not a grade and its just him lecturing and students engaging in the conversation. This class isnt your crazy hard ass english class that you will dread. I HATE ENGLISH BTW TAKE HIM IF U CAN RELATE
3.0 : the class itself isn't difficult. grades are based on 2 essays based on books you have to read, weekly discussion boards/quizzes, and the midterm/final. The books are dry and boring, along with his lectures. you really have to read a lot. midterm and final were ok. grades easy on essays i guess. there's better professors out there though.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable about a wide variety of topics so he can always guide you if you have trouble picking a topic for the big writing assignment. He also allows re submissions within two weeks, provides constructive feedback and there are no books required for reading (aka save money)! Also, take the hybrid section, we used our time efficiently!
4.0 : You have to produce a literature review.  He is very nice and helpful. Lecture was not very exciting, but covered all of the necessary parts. Grades fairly. Discussion posts and assignments every week.  Very manageable work load. Lets you do rewrites for better grades. Def take him!
5.0 : Professor Taciuch lets you redo your assignments AND is an easy grader. I slacked off the whole semester and did only half of the discussion posts and I ended up with a B- with hardly any effort. Easy A if you commit 50% of yourself.
5.0 : I've never considered myself the best writer but I got an A. His online lectures are  useful as he gives more context into what he expects from the assignments but they're very concise so there is no excuse to not watch them. Follow directions and structure your assignments like he asks and you should do fine.
4.5 : Wonderful professor, He was extremely straight forward. Easily accessible and understanding. There is resume writing and the textbooks are actually useful. One of the best professors I have had at Mason.
4.0 : I enjoyed Taciuch's class. He is a great teacher and respected by the students. This is a writing intensive class. You can redo almost every paper for more credit which was very helpful because I had some difficulty understanding the criteria on each paper. He is very willing to clarify assignments.
5.0 : Very relaxed professor who wants you to do well. You can rewrite assignments if you do poorly. I felt like I learned something every class. Would recommend.
3.0 : Jim Carroll is a great guy. He's definitely a good jazz conductor. My only complaint is how much he talks about religion in class. He once implied that it's impossible to be successful without believing in a religion which really bothered me. Other than that, he's quite good. The big band is definitely a fun class to take, so if you can, do it.
4.5 : She is AMAZING! I learned SO much! By far my favorite class thus far. She REALLY cares about her students and is willing to help an any way possible. However, be ready (and your in nursing school so you should be ;) ) but be ready to READ, and study hard! I did well on most of her exams, but it utiize all the tools she give you! Such great class!
5.0 : Love her!! Great professor
5.0 : She is a great professor!!! She really just wants the best for her students and explains things in depth and makes sure you understand the material.
5.0 : LEVALLEY for president! Professor Levalley is one of the best on campus. He's very clear and makes you work for the grade. He's a pro at his topic and he is very intelligent. TAKE HIS CLASS. also lots of red peppers
2.5 : You get assigned groups on the first day and you're stuck with them for the whole semester. He doesn't give lectures and his tests are ridiculously long, and are worth nothing. Lots of writing in this class, and you don't know how you do since he doesn't like Blackboard, and doesn't give any work back, so you won't know your full grade till the end
3.0 : Group work, group work, group work -- all leading up to one big final project.  It was a difficult class, but the book is great and even though the prof gets a little sidetracked sometimes, he is easy to understand and clearly states what he wants.  Tests are outrageously easy if you know you have read the text and he provides study guides!
5.0 : One of the best Profs at Mason. Despite the dense material he keeps his lectures interesting and utilizes documentaries to make sense of the material. You would think that a free speech and ethics class would be boring but it was anything but. His tests are a combination of multi choice/short ans/essay. Highly recommend Paul!! Great synthesis class
3.0 : He's personable, and he knows what he's talking about. But if you don't like group work, do not take his class. The only individual work you are graded on are your tests.
4.5 : He's one of the best professor I've ever had! He expects a lot of reading, but the books were really interesting so it wasn't really that hard. He knows a lot but spends a lot of class time making sure you understand the historical importance of every book we read. Would 100% take a class taught by him again.
3.0 : Tough grader.  I'm an A student and have been able to make A's in all my 300 and 400 level courses; however, this 100 level course was ridiculous.  His assignments are vague and his lectures are more like book summaries than actual insightful discussions.  His feedback is more or less pointless.  At least the subject matter was interesting...
3.0 : I felt like the requirements were a bit much for this type of class. 3 museum visits are required and three lectures are required. His tests were hard. Attendance is mandatory because of the iclicker points he does every class, about 25. So that helps balance your grade.  But it's not an easy A.
4.0 : Dr. Hazen is a great instructor. His lectures are interesting and it's obvious that he is an expert in his field. The class itself is a bit of work -- 3 seminars, 3 museum visits, 3 exams, and 1 cumulative final. You'll get an A if you take advantage of the extra credit opportunities. Also, you have to show up for class to get Iclicker points.
4.0 : Great professor! Incredibly smart and loves his job! Class is points based with iclicker questions so you have to attend or lose points. Lot of outside work like visiting museums. Exams are harder than I expected but study and pay attention and you should be fine
5.0 : Prof. Hazen was very polite, and knew how to lecture. He has a point based grade system in which you can only gain points, which makes it next to impossible to NOT get an A. He also offers a generous amount of extra credit. There is some work outside of class, but it is nothing too crazy. A must take non lab science class for Mason Core! 10/10 imo
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR. His lectures are very clear. Grading criteria is very organized and there are many extra credit opportunities that if you do them all, then even if you get 80% on all the exams and your final, you will still get an A. Great professor if you want to enjoy the class!
4.0 : The class consists of i-clicker questions so don't skip or else you miss out on points, gives tons of extra credit opportunities. He does keep some info off from the power points so make sure to pay attention to what he says. Gives out helpful study guides and each test is only 20 questions. I got A's on the exams without the textbook. Easy class.
1.0 : Rambles in lectures, expects too much time outside of class with activities like fueled trips to museums. Exams are only 20 questions but are extremely difficult &amp; are not taught in the lecture or in the study guide he gives you. Grades are more focused on the time and money you can spend on the class rather than retaining infoWould not recommend.
3.5 : Class is a lot more difficult than I expected. Requires a lot of assignments (museum visits and science lectures) outside of class which can be difficult to complete. Offers some extra credit which is nice, but exams (20 multiple choice questions) are very difficult. I was surprised at how difficult the exams were.
5.0 : Easy class to pass if you do the work. Everyone should get an A even without the textbook. He posts slides of every class online. He uses a total points system, where total available points are 1050 and 250 come from iClicker, so attendance is key, 300 from tests (100each), 300 from final. And last 200 come from museum visits and seminars.850 for A
5.0 : I loved this class. He is an amazing professor and his lectures are amazing. He's incredibly smart but still able to make it relatable. He recommends going to lectures/museums but it's not mandatory. His exams are easy if you study. Participation matters using iclicker questions to get points towards your grade. You'll def get an A if you try!
5.0 : Dr. Hazen is simply amazing! I would seriously take another course with him for sure! He makes any science topic very interesting. I normally am very bad at science, but the professor went above and beyond. Definitely an easy A! His tests are the exact iClicker questions, so come to class to get extra points and the test questions.
1.0 : The class is made up entirely of exams and a few major extra credit opportunities. The tests are difficult. Frustratingly, what he says will be on the exam hardly ever shows up. Extremely boring lectures. No one pays attention in class. It's hard to learn because there are so many topics he wants you to grasp. Seems aloof outside of class.
3.0 : I liked this class. He is an nice professor and his lectures are interesting. He's incredibly smart but still able to make it relatable to real life. He recommends going to 3 lectures/3 museums and 1 GMU art and 1 GMU Sport but it's not mandatory. 4 exams lowest one drop.  Attendance is mandatory iclicker questions goes towards your grade.
5.0 : Amazing and probably best professor and class I've taken at Mason. Love his grading system-it's based on points and you earn them throughout the semester. Very easy to get an A. By showing up you get points too! Love!!
2.0 : Demeaning through email, emailed him concerns about my grade &amp; instead of just saying no respectfully, he further went on to saying I am a distracted student &amp; could have been a good student because he could see that did well on all the exams. I get very good grades and am a concentrated student, so that bothered me that he would say that.
1.0 : This professor has his head in the clouds. He is trying to make this class way more difficult than it should be for an intro level class. I took it as an elective and really struggled taking his quizzes and his final exam was hard too. Everything is short answer and his lectures are BORING. Don't recommend.
4.0 : A good amount of quizzes, but he's so kind with grading. I've gotten questions completely wrong before but he'll still give me full credit for creative thinking. Hardest part is fufilling the 30 tech hours. Don't leave those to the last minute, you won't get them done.
5.0 : Study the practice multiple choice questions bc its the same questions in the exam, never went to lectures, failed the 1st exam, and ended up with a "B."   Big class of 350 students. Easy grading which is you take 4 multiple choice exams and he drops the exam with the lowest score.  Pass the 1st 3 exams and you dont have to show up for the final.
3.0 : Honestly, this was the easiest  science course that I've taken. You do not need to show up to lecture and you can end up with at least a B- if you look over the review material he posts on BB. If you get a 70 in the exam, it would actually be a B as a result of his grading scale. It's very easy, however, don't look over the material last min.
4.0 : This class is by far the eastiest class I have taken at GMU. If you do the review questions and practice exam you will pass for sure. The practice exam has like 30/50 questions on the actual exams. If you go to the lectures and read the book you will get an A. Also drops the lowest grade on the 4 exams, so no final if you do good on the first 3.
2.0 : I crammed for the exams using practice tests and got an A. Really boring lectures but occasional joke is appreciated.
5.0 : I'm ashamed that i only got a C. 4 tests and he drops your lowest grade. You dont need the book and you dont even need to show up to class just do the review guide (30 questions that are all exactly the same on the tests) and you should be good to go. If you do go to class hes very funny and entertaining. Such a nice guy you feel bad not showing up
5.0 : Fierce.
3.5 : Do not be fooled by this middle aged man in a tweed jacket... Peter Becker is secretly a rock star.  Don't believe me? Look up his band "The Badlands."  Half way through the semester I found him playing in a bar in my hometown. It was an odd experience for me.
4.0 : He provides study guides before the exams that are almost verbatim to the actual exams with the exception of a ten or so added easy questions that you can find online. I didn't go to class for about 4/5 of the semester and I got an A. Attendance isn't mandatory and he posts his powerpoint notes on a weird website that he uses instead of blackboard.
5.0 : I took him for lab and he was pretty cool. He did give us a lot of busy work, but he did help you if you needed help. He is really nice and he is funny. There is no need for a textbook for his lab class. He also has a make-up lab day for those who couldn't make it to a class.
3.0 : His style as a lecturer is wonderful and memorable, but he tests you on things that aren't on the study guide, then puts things on the study guide that aren't on the tests. For that, I can't rate him that highly, although he was super accommodating in letting you look at your previous tests to test for the final.
4.0 : He posts the powerpoints online so you don't technically need to go to class, but his jokes make the lectures bearable. Others say you just need to do the exam reviews and you'll get A's; this is false!! I did this for every exam and got 70-80's (which are thankfully B's because his easy grading scale). The class overall isn't too hard.
3.0 : I didn't go to lecture for almost two months and still managed to get Bs on exams. His lectures can be a long-winded and he likes to randomly insert loud noises, but he's very funny. If you do the practice exam, you can still get a good grade. The textbook is as optional as the lectures. There's no assignments so make sure to do well on exams.
4.0 : Although the material is boring, he is a great Professor. I feel bad when I do not go to his classes, but as long as you do the work online and study, you should have no problem passing the class. He is incredibly funny, and if you need help he is always willing to meet students one on one during office hours. He is such a great dude.
5.0 : Peter Becker is definitely the nicest professor I have encountered. He responses to emails regarding questions and answers any questions you have. Astronomy itself may be dry at times but Becker incorporates humor into it. He is approachable and will settle certain problems you may have that are sort of associated with class. Highly recommended lab
4.0 : Peter Becker is an amazing professor when it comes to teaching the material in a lecture setting. His labs, however, are somewhat confusing.  Granted, this was his first time teaching lab, but things felt very last-minute. Quizzes often wouldn't be posted until a few hours before the lab began, for example. Take him for the lecture only.
5.0 : Becker's Astronomy 111 lectures are enthralling and captivating. He takes a nebulous topic and breaks it down for you. His classes are also solely exam based, and he drops one of them. If you like space, need a science credit andor hate math, I highly recommend this professor.
4.0 : His class is fine. You don't really have to go to all the classes because he posts the lectures. He provides pretty good review materials as well. Kinda funny. Overall, pretty good professor.
3.0 : The subject is interesting sometimes. He likes to make a lot of jokes to keep the class interesting, but sometimes you just want the class to be over with. The exams are not bad at all and he drops your lowest score.
3.0 : The lectures perfectly mirror the slides he posts online. He doesn't EVER use Blackboard, but instead opts to use a sketchy custom-built site to post grades and reading materials. The tests are EXACTLY like the practice tests he posts on the site, plus a few extra ones that you can probably figure out with ease. Honestly, attendance is optional.
5.0 : You don't have to go to any of the lectures, just read the book summaries and do the review he posts online. His tests are curved, he doesn't take attendance, and and the only grades you receive are the four exam grades (by the way, he drops your lowest exam score, so if you do fine on the first three, you don't have to take the final).
5.0 : He is a fun teacher, you learn and enjoy his class
4.0 : Not knowing any better, I legitimately studied for this course and got a B+, which isn't too bad but seriously - get the exams online, it helps. The practice ones he gives you are substantial but they won't get you an A, unless you're lucky or really good at guessing. His lectures aren't too bad overall if you have any interest, but not required.
5.0 : Had him for both lecture and lab and he's chill as can be. Tests and labs aren't too tough, and the dad jokes make light of the somewhat dry, but easy material. I'd definitely recommend him if you're just trying to take a science class for Gen Ed.
5.0 : Very Very easy grader, just do the work and its an A. I had him for the lab and most of the time it took about an hour and you were out of there. Hes also funny at times and very helpful when/if you need it. I'd highly recommend him for anyone taking Astronomy!
3.0 : If you are someone like me who hates any science classes and are looking for an easy science class to fulfill a lab requirement, take Environmental with Kim Largen. This class is graded only by 3 tests which aren't too difficult but you really have to study before the exam. Kim offers ton of extra credit which Becker does not.
5.0 : 4 exams including the final. he drops one, so if you do well on the first 3, you don't have to take the final exam. His exams are out there if you do some research which is why I did so well.
5.0 : Very passionate about what she does, does a great job of guiding the class with questions so that it feels more like friendly discussion at times. She opens up the Qur'an in a gentle yet powerful way, and is available for extra help and questions. Grading is very clear.
5.0 : Such an elegant professor, so intelligent and kind. I never thought I'd care for religious studies but the way she teaches is makes it very approachable. She is a true gem, take her class she is very knowledgeable and if you came to learn you will not be disappointed.
4.0 : I took this class online and because of that there was a lot of busy work. There were things to turn in every thurs, fri, sat and sun. So, my weekends disappeared, but the material wasn't very hard. The class itself was just time consuming bc of all the assignments. That being said, Esperanza iS awesome and willing to help you as much as you need.
5.0 : Profesor Roman-Mendoza is a very helpful and caring profesor. She assigns more homework than some other spanish classes I have taken but she really just does it to help the students learn and become better writers. I would recommend her for any spanish classes you would like to take. She makes class fun and interesting and will help you if you ask.
5.0 : This class is easy but there is a lot of work to do each week. This teacher also likes twitter and that is how you get your participation grade.
4.0 : The work is overwhelming and stressful. Professor is nice but the work just ruins the class experience. This class should not be offered during the summer because there is too much content to cover in too little time.  Speaking assignments were annoying.
4.5 : This is an online class- so expect a lot of homework. The material itself isn't complicated, but the workload is overwhelming.  It was pretty stressful at some points. But if you don't procrastinate and complete the assignments ahead of time, then you should be golden. There are weekly journals, 5 projects, online exercises, and a final portfolio.
4.0 : She's a very strict Spanish writer and will catch most things. She grades hard in order for you to become a better writer and use the language differently. Her quizzes and assignments are specific so make sure you do the readings before attempting any assignment. If you have questions, ask her, but not a day before the assignment is due
4.5 : Awesome professor who is passionate about what he teaches and genuinely puts effort in helping his students learn. He helps explain a lot of the dense meanings in Chinese Literature and brings enthusiasm by telling jokes, stories and involving students in discussions. There is a lot of reading material and analysis but hey its Lit., I enjoyed it.
5.0 : I've had Dr. Zhang for four classes and he's also my department head. His classes require tedious effort and are very fast paced. He's one of the most knowledgeable CHIN professors I've ever had. He takes care of you in class and also outside of class. 10/10 would recommend
5.0 : awesome class! Mr. Zhang is so helpful both in and outside of class! He is really passionate about Chinese literature, and wants everyone to do well. If you keep up with the readings and pay attention in class you will do great. He also provides a lot of extra credit
5.0 : The best professor I ever had in GMU. She is very organized and knows her stuff. she help students and answer all questions. Exams are very easy and she is very helpful during exams. Very interesting lectures since she knows almost everything about politics. Very knowledgeable and grade easily. Will take her again for sure.
5.0 : Excellent professor who know everything about her field. Very respected and is there for her students. Exams are easy, she will tell you what to focus on. Papers are easy since she tell you to check with her and send drafts. She is the most helpful professor I have ever seen.
4.0 : She's very straight forward in a good way. Show up, sit through lecture, and leave. Tests/quizzes are easy--just study the notes she provides (and for IL, know your cases! That was the only tricky part). Papers can seem a bit daunting, but she's a very nice grader!
2.0 : Minnich is an okay as a professor. Her notes are completely vague and she doesn't respond to emails. If u want a class that will ruin ur GPA and that ur not really fond of take it with her
1.5 : I honestly hate this professor. Studying for her exams is very confusing because she is completely vague when it comes in terms of studying for her exams: For instance whether you should study just the notes or both her lecture notes and the book. And honestly I don't understand anything she says in class. AVOID HER!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Great professor! Very interesting and assignments are fun! Class is never boring!
2.5 : Two papers were due every week. I did not even received one paper back by the end of the semester. She reads them,maybe? I honestly had no idea how I was doing in the class. But, she does take attendance. Has great stories.
1.0 : The semester is about to end and she has not graded single assignment/exam yet. Nobody knows their grade and her only excuse is that there are too many students in the class. She talks like she's the only professor with such a big class size. Also, she never responds to e-mails or anything. I think she should go back to her prison guard job!
3.5 : Her class is so easy. Her assignments consist of a couple written discussion questions (she gives you more than a week to do) and a small group project (super easy/fun). She does take attendance, but it's cool because her stories are pretty interesting.  Her exams=easy. Just memorize the power point slides and you're guaranteed an A.
2.0 : If you simply want an A with little effort, take this class. If you want to truly learn Sociology, dont take her. She tells lots of stories, so class isnt too strenuous. The exams come straight from the notes, so try to memorize it. Her assignments are really easy, if you do it, you get an A, if you dont, you get an F. Attendance is very important.
4.5 : If you're looking for a Gen Ed to fulfill the social science req., then take Trencher. Each lecture, the class was entertained with the stories she would share to help students understand complex concepts. She has experience working with large lecture classes, so she knows what she's doing. I love her sense of humor, there was never a dull moment!
2.0 : Nice lady, but she rambles a lot.
5.0 : I only had her for a few weeks (scheduling concerns), she is one of my favorite professors. She was so polite and caring and though this class was for seniors, she never shamed me for not knowing my way around college as a freshman. Rather, she and her TA were very encouraging. Ultimately I had to withdraw, I would love to take her if I can.
5.0 : Professor Kaplan is beyond amazing! You will obviously have to read the books she assigns and do papers but they aren't that difficult. There is a quiz about almost every week but if you keep up with the reading you will be fine. Every class is a discussion and is so interesting. She's so helpful and wants her students to succeed. Would take again
5.0 : Excellent class discussions, and he is a very nice professor. More importantly he knows his stuff. He frequently briefs the State Dept. and is the go to guy for anything related to Nigeria. Highly recommend him.
4.5 : Super easy class about China and Nigeria. Class is discussion based, but no one is forced to speak. Professor Paden is incredibly nice and exceptionally interesting. I really enjoyed the discussions about Nigeria since it's such a foreign topic I knew nothing about. Assigns two 10 page papers, but incredibly lenient on the length!!!
5.0 : He is probably one of the smartest people I have ever met. His is very kind and appreciates students sharing their opinions. He is very well connected and busy, but despite this he is very accessible and wants to help you excel.  He has a lot of knowledge to share and you will learn a lot from any of his classes, guaranteed. 1010 would recommend.
4.5 : Dr. Paden is visibly passionate about China and Nigeria and he has the stories to back his interest. Just show up to class and feign some interest and you'll be fine. He takes notes during discussions about who says what so definitely try to speak up occasionally. He's also very lenient- I never met the 10 pg minimum for papers but still did well.
2.0 : Dumb class, will not take again. The professor writes student off when you don't hear everything that is going on in the class discussion. No interest at all. The papers are vague but the page length are long and a waste of time. Does give good help though, but not worth taking.
1.0 : No point.
5.0 : If you're a PSY student at Mason, Hurley's a must. He's kind, considerate and so very helpful for his (and other than his) students. One of the best teachers at Mason easily. Take him. Make sure he's your adviser.
5.0 : this man is a GOD. i had to take psyc300 in the summer and somehow he took what is the most ridiculously hard subject for me (math and stats) and made it into a concept i could understand and i am terrible at math. Dr. Hurley is simply the best and is an incredible asset to GMU
5.0 : The BEST professor ever. He is so understanding, nice, and fair. He makes the class so easy to pass but also you learn a lot from it. I hope I can choose him to teach me every single class I take at GMU.
5.0 : Dr. Hurley is a great teacher, fantastic advisor, and overall an awesome person! He is an easy grader, gives meaningful feedback, and makes his expectations clear as day. You can also come to him for advise and support.
5.0 : The most amazing and inspirational professor I have ever met. Psy300 was one of the harder classes I've taken but he tries his best to give out as much credit as possible so that everyone passes. Gives a huge curve on each exam and gives extra credit assignments for a few point to help boost your grade. Just never skip class and take good notes!
5.0 : HANDS DOWN the best teacher I've had at GMU. Genuinely cares about his students and is always available for review. The class material wasn't too bad if you attend class and pay attention, three exams and a open note final. Also, plenty of extra credit opportunities. Don't bother with the textbook either because the lectures are good enough.
5.0 : Dr. Hurley is a wonderful professor! He makes the concepts in the class simple to understand and the exams are very straightforward.
5.0 : I took this class over the summer online, just had to do discussion board questions &amp; two papers, not bad at all! earned 3 credits for this class.
5.0 : So attendance for this class is not mandatory but you should go because he does not post the lectures online. 4 tests, which includes the final (not cumulative) and optional make-up exam. The lab has a quiz and homework due each class. You really do not need the book he goes over everything you need to know. He makes stats easy def take him!
4.0 : If you don't go to class you will miss A LOT.  The powerpoint were simple and most of the info you need to pass the tests is from lecture or the textbook.  She gives study guides about a week before the tests and is very helpful if you ask for her help.  The content of the class was difficult but she made it manageable.
2.5 : I did really well, but she was all over the place.  She tries hard to seem interested in students, but would have been better off sticking to research...
5.0 : Dr. Chrosniak genuinely cares about her students, and it shows. Even when class seems overwhelming, she makes herself very available for any questions or concerns.
4.5 : I love this lady so much. She's a wonderful professor, so helpful and easily accessible. The course was intimidating and sometimes overwhelming, but she keeps us all in check and is so encouraging. There are not enough words in the world to express how wonderful she is! Wish I'd taken more classes with her!
1.0 : Her Power points are confusing and lack of content. She doesn't explain things clearly. No one asks questions in her class because her answers just drag the class and are not helpful. Her study guide is not helpful at all. Its a difficult subject, take it with someone who could explain it better.
1.0 : Difficult subject and she is not good at explaining it. Take it with Murdoch instead.
4.5 : I have never felt so helpless in a course.  Granted, I'm not overly interested in research, but I wasn't interested in cognitive psyc and still did well.  Chrosniak is THE HARDEST grader I have ever had in my 3 years of college.  I know she wants us to learn, but instead I came out of this class feeling like an utter failure.
4.0 : There are a good amount of papers with two project papers that are longer than the other papers and require you to integrate the reading assignments throughout the semester into each and every paper. She does go off on tangents every now and then but her lectures are enjoyable and the class is challenging but it's not all for nothing.
2.0 : I've had her for 2 classes now and I can honestly say she makes the tests the day before you do them. She always has errors on them somewhere. Can't stand her as a teacher.
5.0 : This is a hard subject, but she is so nice, I love being there because of her positive and friendly attitude. Tests are very difficult, and you have to read both power points and the book. If you study hard, you will do good. This is not an easy subject to study.
3.0 : This has to be one of the harder classes I have taken and she was no easy grader. If you study and pay attention in class, you should be fine. However, do not expect to walk into an exam and get a B without putting in a good study session.
5.0 : Dr. Chrosniak is a saint. Seriously, if you attend class and show that you're interested in learning, then she will help you understand the material. She is very happy to answer questions, and on top of that is one of the sweetest people to walk this earth. You CANNOT skip class if you expect to do well, but she makes it very worth it.
4.0 : Great professor. Learned a lot but the material was difficult. She will reference things she says in lecture on exams that were not on her powerpoints so it is good to attend lecture.
2.0 : Her whole class is based off 3 exams and a final. I had to miss an exam due to an illness and she would not let me retake it, even with a doctors note. She has a optional cumulative test IMMEDIATELY after her final that replaces your lowest grade. Lectures are extremely boring. Test include multiple essays and fill in the blank. Do not recommend!!
5.0 : Professor Cherubin is one of a kind. She's extremely intellectual and at the same time, self-deprecating.  Her lectures are very bright, as in her personality makes it bright and engaging.  You have to work really hard to earn a B+ in her class. Show her the respect that she deserves by listening to her instead of looking at your phone.
1.0 : Attended class. Participated. Actually  read all the books. I enjoyed her lectures.  I loved ancient philosophy &amp; followed it.  What she wanted in the papers was nonsensical.  Don't waste your time on this class. Take it with someone else, or just read at home. Her grades wasted my money and hurt my G.P.A.
4.0 : She's a sweet lady. Extremely intelligent, on the quieter side, probably an introvert. I always felt bad skipping because she's so quietly passionate about her work. Doesn't take attendance and doesn't seem to outwardly care if you skip. I found attending class to be pretty helpful writing the lengthy essays
4.0 : Super knowledgeable, and quirky. Lectures tend to be a little meandering, but she best works when you engage her in questions. Usually her classes consist of 4-6 papers in varying length. Read the material, and think about your arguments. She is a fun professor, who loves her teaching material. Just do the readings, and go an office hour or two!
5.0 : She is passionate about philosophy and it shows in her lectures. Her papers in class have many parts, but she wants to see you argue! She gives clear feedback and constructive criticism, suggesting how to improve your paper for next time. She inspires you to think about different philosophical concepts. You only have to skim the readings, too.
2.5 : Professor is your classic philosophy professor that is too smart to communicate well. She knows her stuff, but rambles so hard that you will lose your focus easy. If you are a PHIL major and love to read then you should be okay, if not, be wary. If you have to take her classes just take good notes and record what she says for paper writing sake.
5.0 : Entered her class for required degree credits, left with a new love of philosophy and a desire to pursue a minor! Lectures are absolutely fascinating. She is knowledgeable, passionate, and really cares. Feedback was great if you truly try on papers - she definitely appreciates effort. Definitely talk to her during office hours, you won't regret it!
1.0 : Don't bother.
1.0 : You don't have to read anything!! Just listen to what she says and write about that. You don't have to go to lecture because she really doesn't care about that either. All you need to do is write well. If you are not good at writing papers, care about reading the books, and actually show up then BEWARE. She doesn't care about that stuff AT ALL.
1.0 : She says participation matters and she wants you to read.  However, you will not be graded on participation, reading, or attendance.  Just be sure you are good at writing papers and sound smart.  Other people skip class and do their homework for other classes and they do better than people who participate and read and attend.  Take ENG 302 1st
4.0 : Brilliant, absolutely BRILLIANT lady. That part can be a bit overwhelming sometimes. Her brain works at a million mph so I got lost sometimes. Super nice lady, though! Her essay prompts have around 8 questions in them, so it's important to make sure you answer every single one of them. Definitely top notch if you're into Classics or ancient phil
5.0 : Amazing. Pretty easy class for a requirement. I thought it would be a lot more arduous  than it was. I really enjoyed the material we covered and I walked away from the class excited to use my new knowledge.  Rogers puts an intense focus on creating students that know how to use what they know.  This isn't a memorize and regurgitate class.
5.0 : I took this class during the summer, and I'm very glad I did. You get to pick a book of your choice out of 6 options and write a few summaries about it and also prepare a power-point. There are weekly assignments, which are all very easy to complete, there is no midterm or final, overall very stress free class, and interesting topics. TAKE HIM!!
4.0 : Prof. Rogers class did not have a heavy workload and was very stress free. You pick a book and summarize it and create a power point on it. There are some small writing assignments throughout. Very easy for the course, if you take him, you should get an A. You will probably not learn a great deal in the the class though.
4.0 : His style of teaching is amazing.   Although, there are no tests or exams you learn so much, more than in a traditional class. He cares about your success and is the coolest dude around.
5.0 : Highest possible recommendation.  We read 2 books, 1 assigned &amp; 1 chosen from a list of related books, &amp; we wrote papers based on the reading.  I took his class during the 4-week summer semester, &amp; learned a lot in that short time because his lectures were great.  Tho the class is not "self-paced," he was very accommodating on deadlines.
5.0 : Highest possible rating. Best teacher at GMU.  Took the class during the 4-wk summer semester.  Read and wrote about 2 books and created a powerpoint.  A very smart guy, and very helpful, encouraging, and understanding.  I learned a lot and would definitely take another class with him.
5.0 : By far the easiest and most beneficial 300 level course I have ever taken. I took this class in June, 2016 and I recall spending maybe 3-5 hours a week on this class and most of that time was spent reading a book you select. If you want a gpa booster, TAKE THIS SUMMER CLASS
5.0 : One of the best professors in the english department at GMU. Rogers prioritizes your development as a writer more than throwing the book at students. If you get a chance to take him, definitely do so as the professional writing class is very beneficial for seniors.
5.0 : Dr. Avruch is amazing! Incredibly knowledgeable and personable. TAKE HIM if you can, he doesn't teach undergrad very often! No tests, just papers.
4.0 : Good professor, take her for the kicks and giggles.
4.0 : I enjoyed taking her classes. I like the way she reads poems. For workshop she is generous and kind in her comments but always provide honest feedback. I think she is a great for a more sensitive student. She is not strict. Lots of room to pursue your own reading and writing interests. She is quite funny too sometimes.
4.0 : I love Prof. Atkinson! She gives you lots of room to work on your writing, and gives helpful and critical feedback. She is nice, soft-spoken, and assigns writing that is very interesting and fun to do; Would definitely take her again for any reason!
5.0 : I love this prof. She's a wonderful teacher full of valuable knowledge and cares about making sure you understand the material. She gives fantastic feedback. Not too much work, but you do have to do it or you won't pass. I learned a lot and my writing definitely improved.
4.5 : She is one of the greats in the Creative Writing community at Mason so I would definitely recommend taking her at least once. If you show up to class, write poems, and stay on track, she will really respect you and your work. She also offers good advice and humor.
5.0 : Super cool.
2.5 : Decent Professor in covering concepts but goes very fast and has horrible handwriting. Material and questions on exams sometimes were never covered in class and can be tricky. There are only 3 Exams and matlab projects which are strictly graded. Not the most difficult class, but should not be underestimated and disciplined study is required of most
5.0 : She really is very straightforward and if you put in minimal effort you can walk out of here with an A. Very sweet and at times subtly funny, her lectures may get dull but she is always willing to help. She is well organized and this was a great Math class.
4.0 : Very sweet woman. She really wants you to understand the material and she's super approachable. She requires participation and there's a good bit of homework, but its easy and requires minimal effort. Do your work and you'll do well.
5.0 : Great professor.  I'm very bad at math yet she made Math 112 very accessible.  Teaching methods are solid, and gives an OK amount of HW...HW is very useful towards quizzes and tests.  Very fair grader, material is well planned.
3.5 : I guess she worked for some ppl.I found her class to be quite difficult. Her teaching is ok but she doesn't go over everything. This class was a ton of work for me. 3 out of 4 tests were very challenging and I am a good student. She is very helpful, but getting help for an online class always sucks. I heard Morse is better. I can't recommend her.
5.0 : Professor O'Brien is a great teacher. The course material is boring but that's not her fault. The class itself is easy if you're good at math. Homework is from the textbook which I didn't use at all and she doesn't collect it. You're able to talk to anyone during quizzes. If you take good notes &amp; pay attention you'll get an A. Would take again!
4.0 : O'Brien is a great teacher. She's very sweet and lectures are easy to understand. There is homework assigned almost every class but it doesn't take longer than half an hour to complete. Tests are very easy and similar to the practices.
2.0 : Easy class. Go to class, take notes, do the homework, and you won't even need to study for the exams. This professor, however, is the absolute worst I've come across in my time at Mason. The way she speaks to students is so incredibly rude. I've watched my classmates get humiliated to the point where they won't bother asking for help anymore. Sad.
5.0 : Show up, take notes, ask questions, and do the homework. If you're good at math its pretty easy, if not she explains things really well and takes the time to make sure everyone is on the same page before moving on. Awesome grader for quizzes and tests, gives you partial points even if you get things wrong. She really cares as long as you try.
4.0 : Extremely easy. Great at explaining things and even makes videos on Blackboard to help you furthermore understand. Although, I do regret buying the textbook because I never did any of the homework assigned, the class was that easy. Just go to lecture, pay attention, and you'll be good. In addition, her exams are pretty straight forward.
5.0 : Good at explaining difficult concepts. Assigns weekly problem sets that she grades relatively leniently by giving partial credit where possible. Accessible and friendly. Posts formula sheets, lecture summaries online. Tests were fair and reflected the content. Textbook a bit weak so don't skip class. Allowed formula index-card for tests. Recommend.
1.5 : She taught theorems (from the book) but NOT how to apply them (which is required for exams). Her tests were long and many students didn't even get to finish in time, myself included.  When asking her questions, she often doesn't understand what you are asking and sometimes can't answer. She also talked down to students which is discouraging.
3.0 : If you are good at math this class is a breeze if not come to class and you will understand. Tests and a cumulative final. Quizzes that are homework because you do them at home. The book helped me because I never went to class and taught myself everything, but if you will go to class you probably do not need the book. kinda boring and dull
4.0 : Easy class, just pay attention to lecture. Things can get a little boring and repetitive, but it's better than difficult and time consuming! Four MatLab assignments, 3 exams, and all homework is extra credit.
4.0 : Easy class. She a little old so it takes her some time to explain things and really doesn't like when people move ahead on the classwork while she's teaching. Again, not a hard class but try your best not to miss a class because everything in the class builds on itself.
2.5 : The material itself is not that bad, but the lectures are very long and he just reads from the powerpoints. I understand that it is a basic level course, but there is hardly anything he says that isn't on the screen. If you do know and relate to him, then you can carry on a conversation and he warms up but for non CJ majors it is boring.
5.0 : Phenomenal
3.5 : Bamford is a great professor, you do not need text books or any outside material for his class. He provides a study guide before his exam, if you fill out the study guide and memorize it, you will get an A on his exam. Lectures are long, no need to go to every class.
5.0 : What an amazing professor. He will literally do anything in his power to help you through this course. Loves to talk to students and have a discussion with students in class. It isn't a boring lecture. He uses MyCJ Lab for all tests which are pretty straightforward if you actually come to class and retain information. Not a hard class at all!
4.5 : Fantastic Professor. Gives a review sheet for midterm and final. Study and youll pass with flying colors. There is a group project, pretty simple, about 5 members and can choose any topic dealing with ethics. Project is part of the participation. All power points and information is on blackboard. Easy but fair. Did not use book, all info online.
4.5 : The lectures are really long but professor Bamford is pretty nice and easy on the eyes. I never went to class since it wasn't mandatory. Every week you have a take home quiz on MYCJLAB and both exams are take home on MYCJLAB. You can google every question and find the answer. Super easy GEN ED. Take this is if you want an easy A with almost no work
4.0 : Good professor with good lectures, the only thing is that it can be hard to stay focused in class sometimes because his presentation is a little 'monotone'.  That isn't his fault, though, and he does a great job.
3.0 : I had Prof Bamford in a lecture class of 200, he therefore decided not to take attendance which made this the easiest class I have taken at Mason. There is 10 online quizzes which you can look up the answers in the book. There is also an online midterm and final, you could also use the book for this. I received an A with little to no effort.
4.0 : He makes lectures interesting, and likes to joke around. all of his tests are online and outside of the class. He uses Pearson powerpoint, which are all posted online.
5.0 : I have had the chance to take several courses with Prof. Bamford since 2013, and I must say he is a very well knowledgeable  professor. He bring his professional experiences to life throughout the lectures. The only grades are Midterm/Final at 50 percent a piece.  If you are wanting to learn and succeed within the criminal justice field take him.
4.0 : My class was long, three hours to be exact, but it was rarely dull. Bamford is super engaging. Only downside, the class was graded on four *online* tests. Some of the questions are very awkward.
4.0 : Professor Bamford is a great guy. He was a former chief of police and shared his experiences of that job in class. His lectures we're okay but not the most entertaining. The tests weren't bad at all, though there's quite a few of them. Attendance is not mandatory. Very respectable guy and if you're taking Criminology I'd suggest to take his class.
5.0 : Super easy professor. Lectures are long but he's also funny. He gave out study guides so you know what will be on the test. Pay attention, do the study guides and you'll get a solid A. Make sure you sign up with him as soon as you can, cause he will be one of the first professors with a closed class.
4.5 : I think if i put the effort into the class I would have done better. I didn't do well on any assignments or quiz. I went to every class and that is probably why it saved my ass in class.
5.0 : Class was easy, but you are only graded on mid-term, final and a group project. Study for the two exams and pay attention during lectures and it is an easy A.
3.0 : Students would benefit from having options to do extra credit or other assignments besides the 4 onlie exams.
5.0 : He is my favorite Professor @ GMU. He is so sweet and really invests in you. He gets the class involved. He's hilarious and super smart and really knows the subject well! I took two classes with him last semester and I miss him so much this semester. I hope he teaches more classes soon! Take him, you will love him!
5.0 : I had Professor Burroughs for PUAD 502. The class required a lot of reading (500+ pages a week) and a lot of writing (two ten page papers). He's also kind of a jerk in a cocky academic way, it's kind of funny actually. This course was an introduction to my program. His assignments and feedback left me well prepared for my other courses.
5.0 : I love Professor Burroughs. He is very fair and will always challenge anyone's perspective to get them to think more critically. I would highly recommend him.
4.0 : -Solid teaching style - Fair and very funny (likes to crack jokes) - Be prepared to write a lot  - gives mid term and final (short answer no multiple choice) personally not my thing lol - very friendly and open to students. Just don't share your opinion about a subject matter on a paper he assigns lol doesn't like that  - Very understanding  TAKE
4.0 : Had him for very first graduate level course. Although his lectures can stray from the topic, he knows the subject matter well and is really helpful if you go to him with any questions. The workload was substantial, but it left me better off as he taught the basic skills well, like how to find articles and how to structure a lit review.
5.0 : It's my second course with Professor Burroughs! He is amazing as always! Very good professor who makes his class very interesting! He is just great!
3.0 : About 40% of the material was taught by students, which was not effective. Textbooks were generic and dry. Biggest effort is the one 10 page paper, and the one 10 page take home final exam. While I do like him, I did not find the class particularly useful.
5.0 : I loved Prof. B! He was a great lecturer and was really funny. He took material that's really boring and made it fun for us. His assignments are very clear and he's always available via email. He loves hearing about your jobs and what you do in your spare time, and he takes a genuine interest in YOU.
5.0 : Intro to Public Admin was my first course in grad school. Professor Burroughs was an excellent lecturer and made the course material interesting! He also truly cares about you being successful within grad school. There are two research papers and a final exam in the class. I look forward to taking him again in Ethics and Public Administration.
4.0 : He is a witty professor and knows it. He gives two papers, a research assignment, and two exams. The exams are based very heavily from the textbooks, all three. Gives great advice for law students so utilize office hours. He is a realist, so can be harsh but is eye opening.
4.0 : Great teacher. One five page paper, two six-nine page papers, and two short answer exams. You have to be prepared to work hard and to read a lot, but if you are a decent writer who is willing to read, you'll do very well in his class. Witty guy with a good, dry sense of humor.
5.0 : Dr. Bruno is THE BEST. She's probably the best professor I've had at GMU, and I was lucky enough to have her for IT 102 &amp; IT 206. She made both classes completely understandable &amp; genuinely cares about you. If you show effort/need help, she'll be there to help you and you should be fine. I ended up doing well in the class with a lot of effort.
5.0 : Wow, just wow.  I'm experiencing the content like never before.  She cares, she gets it, she wants to share.  I've never had such an amazing class.
5.0 : Bruno is an awsome professor. Some of this material is very difficult, but she has a way of teaching and makes it very accessible. She also is very easy to talk to outside of class though email. She grades exams and quizzes within a few hours of you taking them. Do yourself a favor and take her.
4.0 : IT 102 isn't the easiest class. Our section had a different professor for the first half of the semester who barely taught, it was a nightmare. He quit before the mid term and we got Bruno as our professor. If it wasn't for her, I would have failed. She is a great teacher, she helps you out when you need it. I got a B cause of her.
5.0 : Bruno's lectures are amazing. I attended all her review sessions and that proved to be super helpful during quizzes/exams. Her lectures are clear, and she knows her concepts really well. I had no prior programming/python knowledge but I found it easy with her. Totally recommend her!! :)
5.0 : amazing
5.0 : Bruno is hands down one of the best educators I have come across in my life
5.0 : Knows her material and makes time during lecture for questions.
2.5 : Prepare for the exams because if you don't do what she expects on the exam, you will be marked down severely.  Also, if you need help from her, email her ahead of time. Oh yeah and practice programming. If you don't know it, you won't pass it. Oh and if you can't handle morning classes, this probably isn't the class for you.
5.0 : Dr. Bruno is a wonderful professor. Class consists of weekly homework, 5 quizzes, midterm, and a final. She has a way of connecting with her students and knows how to teach well.  The class does have unfamiliar concepts so make sure to practice problems from the book. Don't miss class, attend the review sessions, and go to office hours to succeed.
3.5 : She is the course coordinator so she is probably your best bet for IT 102. She wrote the textbook so I would say its pretty helpful. I still dont know why this class is required but it isnt too difficult if you do the homework and ask questions. Take her if you want to pass on your first try.
5.0 : Best prof and class at gmu!
5.0 : Prof. Bruno is AWESOME!! Java language is hard as it is! But she really explained it well!! 206 was harder than 106 but at the same time because of Prof. Bruno, I can't believe that I would be able to understand Java a lot better!! Definitely take her! Exams take huge percentage of ur grade but she really helps u understand it! :D
5.0 : 102 online was super easy. Do the practice problems and review problems before every exam and you'll be fine. Her review sessions are very helpful, one of the best professors at gmu!
5.0 : Hands down, one of the best professors you could possibly have for IT 102. This class was challenging, but Professor Bruno provides all of the resources you need to be successful in her class. She's an effective communicator, grades all assignments promptly, and does her best to ensure you understand the class content. Take her.
5.0 : one of the best professors in the IT department. She has great lectures. she explains hard concepts in a concise and easy to understand way. Make sure you attend the lectures, she gives hints on quizzes and exams. Take her for IT 102!
5.0 : Dr. Bruno is an amazing professor and by far the best Java instructor you can ask for. Not only she knows the material  extensively well, she is the one who can explain and clarify it to students. Totally worth the time and effort. You will be truly lucky to be in her class.
5.0 : best class EVER!  Wish she taught all of the IT classes.
5.0 : I really hate that all IT classes in the summer are online.  Bruno does a great job though - lots of recordings!
5.0 : Best online class ive had at GMU.  Most profs just ignore the students and post grades without comments and such.  She gives feedback and keeps us on track with multiple emails each week.  the videos she provides are clutch too - not just plain powerpoints.
5.0 : This course integrated the same material, concepts and questions in Discrete Mathematics but added Python Programming. It's a great course and should be a permanent addition to the program. Time and effort are required to do well, falling behind guarantees a poor grade. Full time workers may have problems, but it is a great course if you have time.
5.0 : Dr. Bruno is not only the best programming teacher I've ever had, but also one of the best professors at Mason. She is one of the few folks that is able to describe java in a simple and concise way. She will also work with you until you understand a concept. Take Bruno as much as you can, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Best decision i have made at GMU is to take her class
5.0 : Took this class online  in the summer, so it was a lot of work. Thankfully Dr. Bruno provided us with incredibly helpful videos to learn the material. There were also videos of Dr. Bruno walking through problems and applying what we learned, which were very helpful as well. For an online class, this is the best it gets.  Highly, highly recommend.
3.0 : I took this class 2 years ago so it's a little foggy, but I do remember the TA pretty much did everything for my class.  It was well organized.  I think I took this for granted because 99% of the other IT professors are just god awful.  I scored her lower because she runs this awful ship which I compare more favorably to a degree mill than college
5.0 : Great prof. Recommend to take Prof class if you plan to take Python
5.0 : Disappointed that Dr. B doesn't teach other classes in the IT program. I would take her for anything she offered!
5.0 : Fantastic instructor!  Her energy is infectious.  I actually enjoyed coming to class every week.  She wrote the text to fit the class perfectly.
4.0 : IF you want to pass IT102 the first time then take her! 5 quizzes total. Midterm + Final. You can very easily get an A in her class if you put in the time and effort! She does a great job of explaining even the most complex concepts! GET THE BOOK!
5.0 : I am so very thankful for Dr. Bruno.  She grades our quizzes and exams so quickly.  She is fair and considerate.  Her ability to explain these hard things is great.
5.0 : Professor Bruno is probably the best professor I have had. 206 is by no means an easy class but she knows her stuff and does an excellent job at explaining a hard concept. Do the homework because you will learn a lot but be prepared to work no matter what professor you have. She is amazing at teaching and it shows on our exams. Take her if you can.
5.0 : If you're going to take 206, take it with her. She made the class feel doable. I got an A in her class by working hard, going to all classes, &amp; going to office hours. The class itself is very tough but she is the best professor! Best thing about her - very knowledgable, grades super fast, explains hard concepts and makes them sound easy! TAKE HER
5.0 : Professor Bruno makes you work for your grade. At first I thought I was not going to pass the course but make sure you follow her advice and practice, practice, practice. The only way to pass her class is doing the sample problems. I really learned a lot in this course and thank Professor Bruno for this.
5.0 : Shes really nice and makes the class fun. I learned a lot. highly recommended.
5.0 : Dr. G is one of the professors at GMU, who truly care for her students success. I absolutely adore this women!  She is very dedicated toward her students, such that she would stay after class to help and not for once I saw her hurrying through. As, she put a lot of energy toward her students success so if you are not serious, you must not enroll!
5.0 : awesome is the word! Must take teacher. She is very helpful. very organized. very quick to respond to emails.
1.5 : This course covers advanced English in the business community, but the instructor's background is in literature, not business. She makes numerous inaccurate statements, both in class and in her 10-page syllabus. Also, the syllabus lists dozens of ways you may get a 0 or F in her class (being late, yawning in class, etc.)
4.5 : Overall, best teacher!
5.0 : I honestly didn't even want to take this course but I had to. somone reccomended her to me and she was amaze!!!! I'll take her 1000 times more. she's awesome!
5.0 : She's awesome! and super nice! She will stay after class for hours just to help you! super dedicated.
4.0 : Prof. Gulshan is the best of the best! She is verz clear in her teaching. She is a helful teacher and she is  big on student sucess. I took all english classes with her. MUST TAKE!
5.0 : crystal clear and very organized. her slyabus is very well thought out. Great teacher. you wont regret taking her class. she knows what shes doing and much more.
5.0 : Prof. G is a great teacher and funny too! I loved her class. she is clear, and fair and super helpful! I have taken her before also and love her class!
5.0 : She's the best and I'm taking her forever
5.0 : I love Dr. G. She makes class fun and is very helpful. She is very understanding and comforting but also knows how to teach you business writing without just making it about the business. I will defs take again.
3.0 : As said in other ratings, Heclo is MAD smart. He is on top of his game, has a keen intellect, and ready to test you at any moment. He is not an easy grader, but not the hardest ever. He is tough, so be ready to AT LEAST scan the readings before class. Gave a take home exam and a few papers. If you read and write well you should be alright with him
5.0 : GMU lost the most intelligent professor it's ever had when he retired last semester. He was outrageously smart, amazingly thought-provoking, and so incredibly kind. I'm honored to have been in his final class at Mason, and I pray that I may meet another person so life-changing again someday.
2.0 : This was a 1 credit transition class "From college to career"...honestly, if you have a basic knowledge about resumes, cover letters, etc - don't take this class. You'll be wasting your time. It's useful to those who don't really know about that stuff. She talks to students like they're in elementary school - it was really annoying. Class = easy A
5.0 : One of those amazing professors that genuinely loves teaching, based on participation even if it's not vocal, was really understanding and caring
4.0 : She doesn't really lecture this class, she mostly just shows you how to do the assignment and then sends you on your way. There are online questions that correspond with the readings and the documentary you have to read, but they are only like 10 questions and they are not that bad.
4.0 : Easy A. Can be annoying at times, but gets the job done. Although someone from career services should be instructing careers classes.
3.0 : Professor Koch is very nice but a super tough grader.  I worked my butt off on her essays and never got above an 85.  Not very clear at explaining what she wants; I still don't know where I went wrong in those essays.  Also, you are only allowed to miss 1 or 2 classes, so make sure you go.
2.5 : I took this class because I heard a lot of great things about her. As a person, she's amazing! As a teacher, not so much. She wasn't very clear with what she wanted. If you went to her for help for a paper, you still wouldn't get a phenomenal grade. Most of the assignments I didn't understand the point of. I recommend taking another professor.
4.0 : Great professor and lovely woman. Take her if you want to learn and have a laugh.
3.0 : This professor is a friendly person but I wasn't too impressed with her teaching. At least 13 of the class is busy work and she is a little bit tough at grading papers. She gives minimal feedback on papers, leaving students confused as to how to improve. Class discussions lack depth and insight, especially considering that attendance is mandatory.
4.0 : She is quirky, makes class interactive, always filled with discussion, do the reading, had fun, grades paper nicely, just try your best though. Prepare for group project to present lesson to class. it was fun. I took the teen lit class which i liked because the books we read were more interesting, doesn't give much feedback
5.0 : Prof. Koch is THE single best professor I have ever had - no exaggeration. I took her both in Fall and Spring, and she was a delight. Understanding, makes classes interesting and fun. She gives fantastic, on-point feedback that has really helped me improve. She is a completely fair grader, appreciates effort and participation, even if non-verbal.
5.0 : Koch was an excellent professor. Very relaxed and cares about her students. A bit on the easy side, but I did still definitely learn things in her class. She does like to bring up feminism and gay rights a lot, so if you're really not into that, might not like her much. Would definitely recommend, though.
4.0 : She is one of the sweetest professors ever! There's a lot of reading for this class, with reading quizzes, so stay up to date. She takes attendance on BB and participation is imp. You will only need to buy 3 books for this course (not expensive, dw). She discusses the test answers in class and is very generous with grading. Great professor.
4.0 : Dr. Koch is the sweetest lady in the world! It is a pretty boring subject if you're already an advanced writer like I was. But it's mandatory! She tried to make the class interesting, she's super helpful and the content was great. You will have to work hard for a good grade.
4.0 : Dr. Koch is one of the best English professors I've had. There are a lot of assignments but they are short and easy. Papers make up most of your grade but she is a lenient grader. She is very helpful and very laid back. I would definitely take another English class with her.
5.0 : I took Professor Koch 2 semesters in a row - first for teen literature and then for philosophy 393. I went through 2 really tough semesters personally, and she was the single most understanding professor I've ever had. She checked on me in and out of class, really cared about me and genuinely wanted me to do well. The sweetest lady ever.
1.0 : I took this class based on the amazing reviews here for her. I was disappointed. It's an easy class but she relies HEAVILY on you working in groups. Everything was done in a group. She asked the class for feedback and freaked out when we all said we disliked multiple aspects of her course. I don't have enough characters to explain everything.
5.0 : Professor Koch was a great teacher. Be prepared to read a lot and complete at least 3 essays in the class. Don't skip class. She does grade your participation, so make sure your voice is heard in class discussions.
4.5 : The class is centered around youth culture. We did everything on blackboard from taking our quizzes (10 questions from short articles and open note) to submitting our papers. She gave the students a lot of autonomy in voicing our opinion about the class structure. She gave us ample time to do our assignments. The number of assignments was fair.
4.5 : Very relaxed class and grader. There can be a lot of assignments if you aren't organized but they are short. Weekly reading quizzes were online and there was one group project.
2.5 : She is a very tough grader, even after I a revised my paper and did exactly what she told me to, my grade did not improve. Her expectations are unclear. I don't recommend her if you're struggling with writing long papers.
5.0 : She's so nice. She really cares about her classes as people and not just students. She makes class enjoyable &amp; fun. There's alot to read and write, but it's all interesting &amp; you learn so much. Take her--she's a really great professor!
2.5 : GOOD: not too demanding. BAD: doesn't teach you how to write. assignments are a not helpful.
3.0 : Koch was not a bad professor, but I poured my heart into a paper and ended up with a 84/100. She would often say I did fairly well, but would give me lower numbers than I would expect for the amount of effort I put in. The reading material was awesome and our class interacted pretty well, but I wouldn't take it again.
4.5 : Quizzes are easy, portfolio assignments are easy but boring. Don't do everything last minute for those or it will pile up. Papers are easy and she's a really easy grader. Have to come to class though. Overall good for a gen ed that doesn't make you have to worry for your A.
2.0 : Good at explaining course material, clear. However, would not recommend this professor just because he is nuts.
1.5 : The guy is nuts.
5.0 : Awesome professor. He grades very generously and you will learn a lot in his class. Very engaging and a great teacher. A little old school - seating chart, pissed if you're late, etc. But seriously, take this class.
4.0 : You must go to class and study ALL the material to do well. Nothing is online. Grades hw generously but exams are very challenging, they are a combo of homework, lecture probs, and end of chapter challenge questions in textbook.  He tells you in the first class that the average will be C/C- He is nice and loves corporate finance. Class is hard work
5.0 : I thought Prof Christophe was an ok professor at first, but as the semester is coming to an end, he's now one of the coolest finance professors at GMU to me. There's not many good finance professors, so take him if you can. International finance management is hard, but he knows to how to teach. He's not in his office but answer your email quickly.
5.0 : He is a very nice guy, really fair grader. His tests are actually pretty much what you do in class, homework and case studies are alright and he grades generously! Highly recommended
5.0 : Great professor. Makes lectures very interesting and engaging. First test was easy but the Final was hard. This is not an easy class by any means but it is not impossible to get an A.
4.0 : Tough class; covered a lot of material and exam problems were very tough. But he is great at explaining concepts, goes over the homework problems in class, and is always willing to help. Class is a lot of work with exams, homeworks , two case studies and one presentation. Overall a good teacher, definitely recommended.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Mason, not just a finance professor. You can tell he really enjoys what he teaches (a finance wizz he is). Always willing to answer any questions. Do HW &amp;end-of-chapter problems &amp; you'll be set for exams, which, if you do them, aren't bad at all, honestly. You put in the effort you will do well for sure.
4.0 : I took Professor Christophe for both fnan 440 and fnan 401 and definitely recommend him. He is tough but if you study and work hard, he will acknowledge that. His grading policy is very nice, if your average on the mid term is  higher than on the final, then the final will count more and vice versa.  Very nice and was funny too at times. Take him.
1.0 : Be careful of this prof. Does easy PV problems until the teaching evaluations, then gives a brutally difficult final and your grade declines. Course notes are old and he uses the same cases every semester. And threatens to fail you if you look on the internet for the solution. Popular with dumber students
5.0 : Learned a lot from her.  You will learn a lot and it can change your life after knowing so much about HIV.  She is the best for this learn.  You need to work but it is worth it.
5.0 : Omg Kocache is the best. Her lectures are the best. Her test is heavy on ppt. She will not test on things she won't go over so really going to class and taking notes on her slides is helpful. My lowest test score was a 89, and she dropped one test so I had an A in all my other tests. Again key to pass is to show up and take notes and do the HW.
5.0 : Dr kocache is amazing, she is really nice and very helpful. Her slides r clear and r all what u need 4exam. Shes very knowledgable.She is also really cute. I love her lectures BC they r really fun, she has 2exams and a presentation which was not that hard. Also a couple of reading/criticizing assignments which could b a lil tricky
5.0 : Doctor Kocache is my favorite prof of all time. I thought I would hate Micro but ended up LOVING it! Take her class!!!! The class is hard, but as long as you study and pay attention in lecture her tests are not that hard. She is not trying to trick you on any of her questions. I can't wait to take her again this summer.
5.0 : Prof. Kocache is positively one of the best teacher at GMU! In order to pass this class with flying colors, do not miss a class and study her notes! She is very friendly and interesting and really wants you to pass. Just keep calm and study!
5.0 : Her teaching ability and charisma keeps your attention in class. However, this may be a biased point of view as she's quite attractive. Her difficulty level in class requires time to be put in, each slide has condensed information that may look daunting if you decide to cram the night before any exam.
5.0 : Dr.Kocache is by far the best professor ever!!She made microbiology very interesting to learn.Going to lecture really helps because she is such a great lecturer.Dr.Kocache explains everything very well.I wish she taught all my classes. Her passion for the topics she teaches is really contagious,she teaches in such a way that makes you want to learn
5.0 : Dr. Kocache is brilliant!She is super helpful and gives you all the tools you need to succeed in the course.She posts all her powerpoints,study guides,and even takes time out of her schedule to hold a review session.She made me love microbiology.She explains information very thouroughly, and multiple times to make sure everyone is on the same page.
5.0 : Dr. Kocache is the best professor at mason. She really cares about her students success, and it is evident in the way she teaches. She explains material several times. She is one of those professors who made me love science. She makes Microbiology fun to learn. You will leave the class learning soooo much.
4.5 : Dr. Kocache's lectures are really awesome. The material is difficult because it is a lot of information, but if you pay attention to her lectures, complete her assignments, and study for her tests you will do great. Her passion and intellect is evident and I leave her class in awe of how knowledgeable and relatable she is. She is really the best!
4.5 : Best class I've ever taken! took it for synthesis (not bio major) so I had to study more bc i didn't have a bio background but SO WORTH IT. lectures are really interesting, prof is such a cool lady. HIV and AIDS speakers come to class. theres a sign in sheet so go to class but it's never boring. offers EC. group debate but its fun &amp;u'll get an A
5.0 : Dr. K is fantastic. She is extremely knowledgable and passionate on this topic. If you go to class, pay attention, take notes, ask questions etc. you will do well. The assignments are very crucial to understanding the material so do them and pay attention to the requirements. I cannot speak highly enough of Dr. K and this class.
5.0 : She's awesome! This class was one of the best classes I've taken at GMU, it should be mandatory for all incoming freshmen and transfer students, and Dr. K is one of the best professors in the university! She's so passionate about the subject, which really motivates you to learn.  The class is set up so if you bomb an exam, you can still do well.
5.0 : VERY good teacher. Hard subject material but she does a good job of clearing it up.
3.0 : This section can be intimidating for non-bio majors, but Dr. Kocache is very thorough and provides a good basis for the topic.  Tests (mid-term and final) are extensive so study hard and you will do well.  Extra credit is available and homework assignments are a breeze.
5.0 : I took Dr. Kocache's class this spring and she is AMAZING. By far the best Professor at Mason and I am actually sad that her class is over. She's passionate, enthusiastic, and wants her students to succeed. She taught me so much this semester and she has absolutely made an impact on my education for certain. All teachers should be like Dr. Kocache!
5.0 : Professor Kocache is absolutely amazing. She loves what she teaches and constantly gives you fun stories to help remember  material. She is straight forward with what is expected. Does NOT give out any minuses, ex. C-. You have to stay on top of the material or else you won't do well. Thankfully, she makes it fun! I wish I could take her again.
5.0 : Dr. Kocache is a great teacher! She makes all the lectures engaging and interactive. She makes sure that you truly learn and understand the material completely. Her powerpoints are detailed and good to study from. She also is always available by email or office hours. She is great at helping one on one and giving good tips for studying.
5.0 : Dr. Kocache was by far one of my favorite professors at Mason! She is extremely knowledgeable and also an excellent lecturer which I feel is hard to find. She encourages hardworking students and is always available for assistance or clarification. Definitely recommend taking any class of hers if you are Bio or non-Bio major, you will learn so much!
4.5 : BIOL246 is one of those courses that your really going to have to study for otherwise, as I did, you'll end up needing to repeat it for a passing grade. Even then, the material does not get easier. Go to class, do all concept maps, be prepared for the pop quizzes, read over notes after lectures, and if there's extra credit - do it! Stay on top
5.0 : I believe Dr. Kocache is whe only professor who teaches this course on this campus. The most important thing you could do is attend every class. If your one who prefers a small class size, take it in the Spring. And for health majors, you may NOT want to take it with A&amp;P. Overall she is very helpful. She drops lowest exam and final is cumulative.
5.0 : Dr. K is an outstanding professor. Her lectures are great. The material is tough, and she expects a lot out of her students, but she gives you everything you need to succeed. You really have to come to class, but you will not be sorry, as her classes are very fun. Any class with her will be a great one. You will forever appreciate this professor.
5.0 : Amazing professor, truly loves what she does. Loads of content to cover in Microbio but she makes it worth wild. Be sure to come to class, random pop quizzes! Review slides and concept maps thoroughly before exams. One of the best biology courses offered at Mason by far.
5.0 : I took her two semesters ago but I still remember the class to this day. By far my favorite class I have taken at GMU. She gives random pop quizzes that are one question and multiple choice. There is a lot of info. to memorize but she makes it fun and doable while making evryone laugh at the same time. I love this woman to death! Highly recommend!
5.0 : I went into this class thinking I knew everything I needed to know about HIV but I was blown away. Dr. Kocache is unbelievable and my favorite professor. I felt so empowered by her teaching style and message. I have so much respect for her and the passion she puts into this class. If you need a synthesis class, do not hesitate to register for it!!
4.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I've had during my entire college career. She gives you the tools you need to do well so utilize them. Go to class because that's when she gives hints. She's easy to contact and has study sessions before exams. She's honestly the best, and by no means is she a snooze, she keeps it interesting if you were worried.
3.5 : Very entertaining professor. Lots of material to memorize in a 6-5 week summer class. Opportunities for extra credit in the end. Test exams are fair that if you study hard you will get the grade you deserve. I definitely recommend taking her in the summer she even said it herself shes happier in summer times so it works in your benefit.
5.0 : Dr. Kocache is incredible! I took her summer course and although it was fast-paced, I learned so much. She is extremely flexible and you can tell she loves what she does. Despite the heavy subject matter, the class was relaxed, fun and like someone else said, very empowering. I absolutely adore her! My favorite professor at GMU for sure!
5.0 : Dr. Kocache was a wonderful professor.  Funny, cute and very entertaining lecturer.  I took both her Intro to Microbiology class and her HIV course and hope to take her Medical Microbiology class sometime in the future.  She makes you work for your grade, but it's worth it just to attend her lectures.  You will not regret taking a class with her :)
5.0 : She is the single greatest professor I've had at GMU! Made me feel valued and cared for and made the classes very interesting and empowering. I hate math but I swear to God if she taught math, I would take all of the math classes she would teach. She's a delight to be around and is very intelligent! You will not regret taking her class!
4.0 : She is the best professor I've had at George Mason. Knows the material really well and presents it so clearly and concisely. She's amazing, take her. You obviously have to work for your grade but she will teach you so much, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Dr. Kocache is amazing. I am not a bio major, but I enjoyed her BIO 301 HIV/AIDS a lot. She is a fantastic lecturer, you won't be bored. Gives two exams - midterm and cumulative final (from her slides). There's also five 1 page critiques and a class debate. Gives extra credit for volunteering in HIV related cause. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Awsome professor before taking her HIV AIDS class I had no idea what it was and now I feel like I want to be an HIV AIDS activist. Nicest teacher ever and she is so nice. Attendance is mandatory. she does powerpoints and a midterm &amp; final and news article papers that are only a page long you do 4 through out the stemester and one class debate
5.0 : She's the best teacher I ever had! Very funny, caring, and a great teacher all around. The material can be challenging, but she does her best to help you in any way she can.
5.0 : Awesome professor! She is so spunky and cute. Lectures are really long because there is a lot of information with this course. She cracks jokes and tells great related stories. You need to come to every class or else you'd get lost. Drops the lowest exam out of five. One question pop quizzes.
5.0 : Dr. Kocache is an amazing professor. She is very passionate about what she teaches and is very good at her job. She is great at explaining the material and very funny. Although, the material is VERY hard. Incoming nursing majors you have been warned. Go to every lecture and pay attention the entire time, study a LOT, and you will be fine.
4.5 : Dr. Kocache is an excellent, EXCELLENT professor. Such a dynamic, amazing, and engaging class. I took this as my synthesis class and it seriously was one of my favorite classes. I can't say enough good things about her, she's great! I wish I had more Biology classes to take.
4.5 : The best biology course I have taken at Mason. She gives amazing lectures that actually hold your interest for the entire class time. She gives random one question pop quizzes that are easy if you pay attention. Four tests, final cumulative and counted twice, drops lowest grade. She even gave an extra credit paper assignment. Great class.
5.0 : She is defiantly passionate about what she teaches and it shows. It gets students excited. I am now more aware about HIV/AIDS, as long as you come to class and actively pay attention and do the HW + class debate, there is no reason you shouldn't pass with at least a B.
5.0 : This lady is the Beyonce of Microbiology. Most enlightening class I have ever taken, I'm speechless and sad it's over. Never a confusing moment, everything about that class was dynamic and exactly how learning should be. Amazing professor, amazing class. Can't wait to take her HIV/Aids class next semester!
4.0 : Always there to help students, has a review session before the class. This class is a lot of memorization which I struggled with. Her tests are tricky, but read the chapter study the ppt and go to class, do the hw, and you'll pass. she gives 1 question quizzes after her lecture, 8 total and drops 1, if you get the answer wrong you get half credit.
5.0 : Dr. Kocache is one of the best professors at GMU. Just by hearing her lecture, you wanna find the cure for HIV/AIDS. Although there is a lot of material, exams are straight from the powerpoints. Just understand and memorize the powerpoints attend lecture (attendance taken) and you'll be fine.
2.0 : 2 tests (midterm and final, they are stupid hard and you have to memorize 2 months worth of powerpoints), debate, and 5 journal articles (really picky, only worth a few points each). I even went to her after I bombed the midterm and she said I would be okay. Ended up with a D overall. Also hard to understand her with her thick accent.
5.0 : Dr. K.. I don't know where to start. An amazing woman, nice, funny and reasonable. Her class was full of joy and new things to learn. You just want to listen to her lectures hours and hours. I would definitely recommend her for your University synthesis; You won't regret it because everyone will fall in love with her ;)
5.0 : Introduction to Microbiology was a really good experience with Dr. Kokache. However, some of the questions of the tests were tricky. However, she was fantastic at explaining important concepts of microbiology even though some of the concepts were complicated. I would definitely recommend this professor to other students as she is awesome.
5.0 : She is a great professor. She knows her information. However,  her exams are quite difficult and tricky. This is not an easy course. But she is a fun professor. Go to class, go to office hours because every grade matters in this course.
5.0 : Make your own study guides along with her own, record lectures, get a group of classmates to exchange, take notes, understand material, ask for help if you need it, write notes when you get home, do well on homework and quizzes to increase your grade if a test is bad
5.0 : LOVE!!!!!
4.0 : Dr. Kocache is awesome! she is very passionate about what she teaches. Going to class and hearing her speak is the best way to get an A, bc this is a synthesis class and there is alot of info. The tests come straight out of the slides and this class lets you have your own opinion about a lot of things and provide examples. Would def take again!!!
5.0 : Dr. Kocache is a fantastic professor and just genuinely a really great person. Her lectures were never dull and she really engages students throughout the class in discussion. Exams were MC and homework assignments were helpful to use as study guides for tests. Kindest professor I've ever had. Take her class if you have the opportunity!
4.0 : This is a very chill 499 class. You have mandatory weekly meetings to discuss your progress on your thesis. Halfway through the semester you present your paper, and then fix the mistakes he critiqued. If you're a procrastinator, this is not the class for you. He doesn't breathe down your neck - he expects you to be responsible and get research done
5.0 : Hands down, one of the best lecturers at Mason. The tests were all essay format, and that took up the entirety of the grade. As long as you paid attention to the lectures you were fine. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Great lecturer! His tests are all based off the lectures so take good notes and you will be fine. The papers are all based off the readings so do those as well. Too bad he might retire before next year so take him while you can!
5.0 : Perhaps the best professor at GMU. Hands down, no question.
5.0 : This wonderful soul, taught the real way a Thesis paper should be &amp; how to go about putting it together &amp; writing it! Completely outstanding &amp; was very accessible, very consistent very understanding, &amp; very direct. I could not have been more honored to have been his student in his final year of teaching!! He will be missed!! Thank You Dr. Wade!!!!
5.0 : Gail White is one of my favorite teachers at Mason. I had 0 interest in 2D animation, and I ended up really enjoying the class. The class was really long some days, but I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Gail White is an amazing instructor and actually explained processes in 2D animation. I learned what to use and why it's important to animate a certain way. Her three projects allow for a lot of freedom and the criteria is do-able.  Her class really secured a strong foundation on how to animate, and she personally helped anyone with a problem.
5.0 : This professor is extremely helpful. She just wants her students to learn the material and is often willing to stay after class to help.
2.5 : I really want to go into animation as most new media majors do. If you want to go into animation DON'T go through new media at George Mason. Instead I suggest doing a GAME design major with a drawing minor. White is nice, but if you were hoping for character animation do not take this class. She has to many students and can only help one a class.
4.5 : Professor Pabich is probably the best professor for this English course! He is funny and he really likes the students to engage in a conversation with him. We had 2 papers and a mini assignment project. The class is not hard, but it is not an easy A neither. Do all of the assignments and homeworks and you should be fine. Definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Dr. Pabich is a great professor; he made the class very enjoyable for being in the summer session. There are 2 papers and a few homework assignments. He does not post grades (b/c he said he doesn't know how -___-), but its no big deal. Take 302 with him! You will not regret it.
5.0 : Great Prof!!! Loved English class for the first time in my life....
4.5 : Pabich is the man. I have him every MWF at 9:30 and I actually like waking up to go to his class, despite hating every other class I'm taking. He's tough but fair and his feedback is excellent. Classes are very relaxed and he's great at interacting with the students. He makes me wish I liked English enough to keep taking it.
5.0 : Pretty cool guy. Takes the time to talk to his students which is always nice. The class itself is a lot of work but that's to be expected out of Eng 101. He can be a hard grader on essays. Definitely recommend him.
4.5 : Pabich is awesome! His classes are super laid back and he really cares to get to know students.  3 essays, easy homework assignments, and class participation make up your grade.  He's a really fair grader and gives good feedback.  He's a great teacher and a great guy and his class is really worth taking.
5.0 : She is a very very nice professor and really knows what she want her students to learn. There are going to be about 3 short papers and 3 longer papers. Furthermore on that, she grades the short papers a lot easier than she would on the longer papers. Although she does let you revise all the papers. Take her class if you're eligible.
5.0 : She is just the one there for non-native speakers. Get ready to reading and writing because every single assignment matters. No textbook required. She is so considerate that you can find all the materials on blackboard. Can't remember how many essays I've written for this course. All the hard work paid off.
4.0 : NICE PROFESSOR. IF YOU ATTEND EACH CLASS AND TAKE ALL ASSIGNMENTS SERIOUSLY, YOU WILL GET AN EASY A.
5.0 : Very very helpful. The class is easy with mostly discussions about readings. There are papers to be written but they're not extremely hard. Tests are easy too. Whatever question you might have, she will answer it very quickly (if contacting through email).
5.0 : A super sweet professor. She is always willing to help you get the best grade possible. She is even flexible about due dates, and can work something out if you weren't able to turn it on time. There was much writing though, but she was great.
5.0 : STRAIGHT A if you go to class and turn in papers on time. NO FINAL TEST and no textbook required. You basically read papers written by old students and write 3 response papers on some of them. 1 research paper (around 7 pages) due the end of semester. Participation is not mandatory but it's for you to avoid boredom in class.
4.5 : She is so helpful and patient! Although in this class u will have a lot of writing, she will help you step by step!I highly recommend her!
5.0 : She is awesome. Don't hesitate to ask for help. She was available all the times even on  weekends through email!  She is there to help you succeed and learn something. As long as you follow the assignments'  directions and use her feedbacks to edit your paper you are going to succeed.  Good Luck.
5.0 : GREAT teacher. Gives good feedback and really cares about students. All readings are online, so no need to buy a textbook. Lots of work, but you really learn a lot. Gives you plenty of chances to revise and raise your grade. Lots of in-class and group discussion. Overall, a really nice person and fantastic professor. I would easily take her again!
5.0 : Prof. K. is an upbeat, enthusiastic professor. She does an excellent job picking interesting and diverse reading materials in her multidisciplinary class.  She makes researching fun! I wish I could afford to take her classes indefinitely.
5.0 : I love her!! she gives 3 response papers, just answer the questions in the guidelines and you'll get an A. you also have to write 2 essays, follow the guidelines as well, and 1 research paper ur choice of topic, very easy. the grammar tests are easy as well, no final. SHE ALSO GIVES REWRITES AS MUCH AS YOU WANT AND EXTRA CREDIT.  take her class.
4.0 : She is the best professor I have ever met at GMU. She is always willing to help, and she lets you revise your essays as much as you want until the end of the semester. If you show her that you are working hard, an easy A will be in your hand.
5.0 : Class is not easy but she is very helpful, understand the students busy life outside class and lets you resubmit your papers.
3.0 : She is such a sweet and caring professor, responds to emails really quickly and is very approachable and will work with you. However, she assigns TOO much work, she doesnt stick to the work assigned on the syllabus. She is a tough grader, you will become a better researcher once youre done with her class though!
5.0 : Prof. King is very kind and helpful I loved her class. You have to put an effort to get an A. She lets you resubmit your paper and that was very helpful. I learned so much from her class, definitely taking her again.
5.0 : Best Professor at Mason. We need more Professors like her. Patient, understanding, nice, and loves to teach. Eng is my second language so I have a lot of problems with grammar or just writing in general but she worked with me and my needs and it was the best class experience. Also we did not have any tests just essays and some readings.
5.0 : Not bad
4.5 : Sweet professor, she is always willing to help you, attend to class and don't be afraid of participating in class just so she can notice you. Take her you wont regret it.
3.5 : She seems nice, but hates it when you do not attend her class. She won't comment much about it, but it will eventually affect your grade. I recommend taking her.
4.0 : My perspective was a little different. I thought the readings were useless because the entire class is building up towards a final literature review that is poorly explain and readings have no role in it at all. Assignments criteria is vague at best She is very knowledgeable but I personally prefer a more structured course. But you can rewrite
3.5 : Professor King will be one of the sweetest professor you'll ever have in college. She is always willing to help her students, and lets you resubmit essays as many times as you want. You'll have around three grammar tests which you have to study for because they tend to be tough. Mason should have more professors like her.
4.5 : She is a really great professor, best english teacher I've ever had. I think I would've gotten a better grade had I tried a little bit harder on the quizzes.
5.0 : There was a lot of assignments that we had to do both inside and outside of class, but at the end they all helped me better understand how to analyze readings and write essays better. Most of the grading is from in-class assignments and participation so you can't skip. Her grading was little bit harsh, but she let us do revisions, so it wasn't bad.
5.0 : Great guy! One of the most interesting professors at mason. If he sees you put effort into the class he'll help you out. Exams are pretty straightforward. Must attend every class since lectures are not posted on blackboard. Expect to take a lot of notes. Overall this class is pretty interesting and professor ward was a great teacher!
5.0 : Not gonna sugar coat it, this class requires a lot of work&amp; studying, especially if you're like me and hate history/ geography. But Prof. Ward makes it worth it- if you have to take a geography for gen-ed anyway, take it with him! He is very passionate about his subject, and knows A LOT of information. Plus, he's always willing to help. TAKE HIM :)
3.0 : Professor Ward class is interesting and never boring while exploring the world. I may had some disagreements when we talked about Israel and Palestine conflict but he keeps the class engaging. Must pay attention or else he will put you on the spot in front of everyone. The tests can be tricky but if you read everyday you should be fine.
4.5 : I really enjoyed his class. Professor Ward was a very good professor who knew his stuff and encouraged the class to do their best! Geography has always been an interest of mine and this class helped it grow! Highly recommend!
5.0 : Lectures are interesting, and I manage to stay awake even though the class is three hours long and at night. The tests are pretty difficult for most, although if you are good at memorizing things or study hard you shouldn't have a problem passing. He doesn't take attendance, but if you aren't there for the lectures you will fail the tests.
3.0 : Professor Ward is a really cool guy! His loud and upbeat personality will capture your attention during lectures. There is a lot of work and most of them are easy assignments. However, his exams are difficult. Great professor but too much work. I regret using my elective credit on this class.
5.0 : This class made me change my major to geography. Professor Ward is extremely enthusiastic about the subject, and it's a little contagious. He was very open and easy to talk to if you caught him after class. He's a little hard to catch sometimes other than that, he isn't on campus a lot. Tests are difficult and will require studying.
4.5 : What a cool guy! I went into this class expecting to find nothing interesting and only wanted the credit. I later found myself looking forward to his lectures because they were so interesting. Professor Ward's enthusiasm about the content made the class much more engaging. He is definitely one of my favorite professors that I have had here at GMU.
3.0 : Prof. Ward is highly intellectual but expects his students to be on the same level. Teaches a basic course as though it was for a grad student. Grading relies solely on 3 exams and if you need help, he is somewhat helpful if not confusing. Lectures may be long, tedious, and confusing  but he does not post notes so be ready to attend every class.
2.0 : Get ready to learn details, specifics, and nitty gritty facts for the tests. This isn't the kind of class where you can do well by getting the big idea. Generally a frustrating class that goes in to too much detail and takes the fun out of geography. Slides are not posted and the required reading is extremely dated. Take a different regional class.
2.0 : Professor Ward is a really nice guy, however he expects too much from students for 100 -level course. Each chapter in the textbook averages around 90 pages and he does not post powerpoints to blackboard. Neither does he allow the use of laptops in class, so you have to write out every single slide word for word. Though, the exams are not bad.
5.0 : Professor Ward is so passionate about geography, and you can see it in everything he does. He puts a lot of effort into his lectures, and wants everyone to succeed. He does not post powerpoints online, so make sure you go to class! Pay attention, take notes, and study them. His class is challenging, but I'm adding a geography minor because of him!
5.0 : Prof. Ward is by far the best Geography lecturer- knowledgable, enthusiastic and just plain nice. He values participation, and doesn't tolerate electronics OF ANY KIND! Great insights, personal stories, picture slideshows etc. Tests are not easy, but if you paid attention and took notes you are fine. Wish I could take more of his classes!
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors ever. Pay attention and you'll get more than you paid for.
3.5 : Prof Ward is very knowledgeable about what he teaches. However, I feel like he goes way too in depth for a 100 level class. His tests are hard and lectures are boring. You do have to come to class because there are no notes online. DO NOT bring your phone or laptop to his class. This isn't an easy class but If you study, you'll succeed.
2.0 : He expects WAY too much for a 101 class. He doesnt post slides on BB so going to class is a must. He may post some slides, but when he wants to. He does not post grades in BB either &amp; exam questions are VERY specific. Class consists of him reading slides &amp; getting mad when no one in class answers ?s cause were all jotting down the slides. STAY AWAY
4.0 : Ian Ward is a great professor but if you are lazy don't take him. There are three major exams and the final. He drops your lowest exam grade which helps out. But you need to study! His tests are multiple choice but they are hard. He does give a study guides but take good notes! He uses powerpoints so copy the notes don't be lazy about note taking
4.0 : Make sure you write down everything in his powerpoints because anything he talked about in class is fair game for the exam. You can tell that he's passionate about what he teaches and he's more than willing to help you if you need it.
5.0 : If you go to class and pay attention to what he says and write down everything he has on the powerpoint, you'll get an easy A. He stresses to read the book, but honestly that isn't necessary. He's passionate about what he does and through that makes the class extremely enjoyable to be in. I would HIGHLY recommend to take his class.
4.5 : Such a sweetheart!! Taking this class helped me find out how much I love geography, it's my major now :) Professor Ward is a really nice guy who is so committed to making people love and understand the material he teaches. He is a really well-spoken professor and if you go to class and take down good notes it's very hard to get less than a B!
5.0 : Mr. Ward is a very good professor and a really nice guy. He is passionate about teaching his students more about geography and wants everyone to do well in class. Also don't just look at the review sheets he posts on blackboard, do some readings and outside research as well if you really wanna get an A.
4.0 : He is a GREAT  professor, but his class is NOT easy. There's 3 exams and he drops the lowest (final not included). His tests are SUPER difficult. There is SO much information that is covered in this class, it's absolutely super overwhelming. I studied hard, and really did try. If you're taking his class just to get the credit like I did, BAD IDEA!
4.0 : After the first lecture I was really impressed. He is great at engaging his students and encouraging interest. He has been all over so he has many stories and pictures from the countries that we were learning about. Really piqued my interest in the subject. His exams are straight forward and follow the study guides pretty closely. Good notes  A
5.0 : Great class! I was never good at geography, but he made the class so interesting!! As long as you show up to class and do the review sheets for the test , it should be an easy A.
5.0 : The greatest life changing professor!!!! He is so inspiring and being in his class is a present!. He loves his job and he is probably the only professor who send students email to do well on their test.
3.5 : His grading is very straight forward on a points system: 3 exams (drops the lowest) + 2 map exercises + cumulative final. Class is interesting but a lot of information. The exams were tricky and hard. Requires lots of reading &amp; studying to pass this class. Stated "class average is a C" the first day and now I know why- NOT AN EASY A or B at all!
2.5 : His enthusiasm is highly respected, but his lectures were long and difficult. If you didn't read before the class, you won't be able to understand his lecture. He promised us that there won't be a tricky questions, but there were so many. There were so many questions that you had to think twice. Everyone was getting worse after the first exam.
5.0 : The most passionate professor I've ever had. Ward loves teaching and his lectures are amazing. If you go over the powerpoint notes, then you should get easy A on the tests. There are 3 regular tests and he drops your worst one, and then there's a final. I would recommend Ward.
5.0 : Professor Ward is without a doubt the most passionate professor at GMU. He loves this subject and it shows through his lectures. You really cant skip class but the material is interesting and ward does an amazing job and making you want to listen. Literally take good notes and you will get at least a B. Gives study guides, no HW, &amp; average tests
5.0 : Professor Ward's awesome! Lecture is fun to go to and you really learn a lot. Wish there were more professors like him.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor and his class is very interesting because he's funny and tells good stories. I was very impressed by the amount of work he puts into helping his students. The key to doing well in his class is to attend his lectures and pay attention. He gives you all the information that is needed for the tests during his lectures.
5.0 : Professor Ward is an amazing professor who cares deeply about geography. Show up to class because notes are not posted online. Class consists of two map exercises, three exams (lowest one dropped), and a mandatory final. He's pretty accessible outside of class. Majority of information on tests comes from notes taken in class. Great class overall.
4.5 : Definitely go to his office hours. If you're struggling, just ask him and he'll help you big time. You will have to spend a lot of time studying for his tests though. But if he sees you working hard, trying to improve every test, going to his office hours, he's really kind in grading... Just don't miss a class for notes (expect A LOT of them)
1.0 : He acts as if his students are Geography majors &amp; this is our only class. Exam questions are so specific as to "What is the population of this tiny city in Iran?" He told us the only way we will do good is to see him in office hours. He does not post any grades on BB, it was blank the entire semester. Attendance is mandatory to get the slides.
3.5 : Really cool guy. His lectures are very engaging; however, he oftentimes calls randomly on students throughout to ask them questions and it can be annoying since some kids just don't know or are trying to absorb the material. I never showed up to class and took it as a joke so I failed but hes one of the most interesting professors I've encountered.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Prof Ward's lectures are amazing and you can tell he's very passionate about what he teaches! It's inspiring. Definitely go to EVERY class and participate or else you won't do as well. He's very responsive to emails and super helpful in office hours. I'd take him again in a heart beat!
5.0 : Most of the people complaning about his class and how he's a really tough grader on here are those who themselves don't wanna learn and work hard. He's a really nice guy and a respected teacher. He is probably one of the best teachers out there. Although he just teaches one class, he puts in all his effort to deliver his thoughts and helps everyone
3.0 : Professor Carton was one of the best professors I've ever had. Although this course was taken for a gen ed requirement and wasn't necessarily a choice, I looked forward to this class every week. Carton is extremely educated and so passionate that it creates intrinsic motivation for the students to be passionate and care as well. Amazing professor.
5.0 : Dr. Carton is simply a cut above the rest. I know for a fact that most of the Department look up to him. Amazing lectures, great personality, and, best of all, no papers! There are three written examinations and one likewise written final. He gives you the questions ahead of time (!) Would take him again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Incredibly knowledgeable about Africa in its entirety.  Very eager to help students and always keeps you interested.  Would take his class in a heartbeat
5.0 : Prof. Carton is probably the best professor I've had in my 3 years at GMU. I took him for HIST300 and HIST360 and thoroughly enjoyed both. He is a spectacular teacher, whether or not you are a history major. He is an extremely engaging lecturer, and invested and very encouraging teacher. He will make you work hard, but always help you if you ask.
5.0 : Professor Carton is truly amazing. His lectures are very engaging and he makes the topic so interesting. All the grades are based on tests and attendance but he spends at least one class on review for each test so they are super easy. Carton really is an amazing professor, so if you have the opportunity to take him for any class, definitely do it.
5.0 : His lecture is amazing and his quiz is easy to prepare. Just listen carefully and you will receive a great point.
5.0 : Professor Carton is really passionate and knowledgable. his lectures are interesting and engaging. Every test has a review session beforehand, and a study guide that covered all of the material on the test. There's no surprises, and all lectures and powerpoint are posted online.
4.0 : His lectures are very long and boring sometimes. He's genuinely interested in the subject and has lived all over the world. He gives detailed study guides that make it easy to pass the test if you study.
5.0 : He is a great speaker and makes you want to follow along and never loses your attention. Definitely would recommend to anyone, great lectures.
5.0 : Prof Carton's class makes me want to do a minor in World History. Amazing lectures 11/10 would take again for fun.   No homework and I never did the readings but aced the class.
4.5 : Professor Carton is FANTASTIC, easily my favorite professor ever.  He is incredibly passionate and genuinely loves teaching. Carton will go out of his way to help you if you ask. Writing assignments can be challenging (but not hard) but he always makes sure you have the materials to succeed. Would highly recommend to anyone!!
3.5 : Carton is overall a fantastic professor! Although I have no interest in history, he talks about it so excitedly and passionately that it encouraged me to listen. There are 3 tests, the first 2 are easy but the last one is very difficult in comparison. If history doesn't come easily to you, make sure to go to as many classes as you can!
4.5 : A very dedicated teacher who loves what he does. He's always so into his lectures and goes on and on about the topics. Lectures really do help so seriously try to attend them all. Recitation always helps as well so attend those too. First two exams aren't hard, he gives study guides for all of his tests including the final. Great teacher!
4.5 : Dr. Carton had the most interesting, compelling, and captivating lectures of any professor I've ever had. I doubt anybody is as passionate about the courses they teach as Dr. Carton is.
5.0 : I took Dr. Benedict Carson's Hist 262 course at GMU back in 2012 or something like that and I was so happy to graduate I never got around to testifying what an incredible teacher he was. He is so passionate and knowledgeable. He captivates you and gives you some real, unfiltered, historical truths. I learned SO much from him. Didn't hurt he's cute
4.5 : Dr. Carton is without a doubt a compelling and very passionate History professor. His lectures are long, but go very well into depth on the topics that are tested. If you study well, read his lecture notes, and stay focused, you will ace this class. Great professor, made World History seemingly more interesting.
1.5 : Worst history teacher I've ever had. His 100 is like a high school class and he tried to make it like a 400 level class. His tests were hard because of the essays, even if u wrote a lot, if it wasn't to his liking, then the whole thing was wrong. The essays are worth 20-25 points of the whole exam. I did great on everything except those damn essays
4.0 : There's only 3 tests I believe and he's a tough grader. Attendance is mandatory but you should show up either way b/c he lectures w/o PowerPoint so take detailed notes. There's assigned textbook readings which you should do b/c he doesn't teach everything that's on the tests. He's pretty funny and makes the class interesting.
3.5 : While his lectures are long and involve massive not taking, I enjoyed this class! Just 3 tests, which are non-cumulative, and 10% added for just showing up and participating. Tests are pretty straight-forward! I didn't open the textbook ONCE, yet managed to get a B+! Take him if possible!
3.5 : Dont buy the text books, if you just attend lectures then you'll be good. He also gives out a lot of study guides for students.
1.5 : When I signed up for this class I was looking forward to it, I enjoyed lectures and took detailed notes. Before taking the midterm he boasted about how students typically look like "he just killed their puppy" after getting grades back, and he was right. I nearly failed this class and I put more than 100% into his class.
2.0 : This is possibly the worst professor I've ever had. He doesn't use power points, and has nothing available online to help with reinforcement. Black board is basically non existent to him. He has a horrible sarcastic attitude, he calls students out in front of everyone, and when you want help he tells your to refer to the textbook/syllabus.
5.0 : Matthews definitely knows his stuff. He's a tough grader and can tell when you BS something, but he's a fantastic professor. He's incredibly helpful through email and in office hours. This isn't an easy A, but if you go to class, pay attention, and take notes - you'll be fine. Would definitely recommend him to any history major or graduate student.
4.0 : Attend every class and take notes on everything that he says and you'll pass. He's enthusiastic and cheesy which makes the class interesting. You don't need the text book if you write good notes. Amazing teacher that really cares about history. I would definitely take him again. He's the only teacher to keep you awake for a 3 hour class!
5.0 : I was told he was quite harsh about the analytical paper and I was stressing all semester however I just got an A on it so I would say he is not as difficult as others make him sound. His exams are simple if you study and attend class. The reading is completely unnecessary unless you don't attend class. Just show up and take thorough notes.
4.0 : I have a tendency to fall asleep, but I never fell asleep in this class. I also hated history, but this class wasn't that bad at all. The textbook is honestly useless and all you have to do is take notes and go to all the lectures. That's it. I literally just reviewed my notes before the tests and aced most of them.
5.0 : I thought Professor Matthews was the best professor I've had in college. His lectures are clear and very informational, and parallel perfectly with his exams. If you take notes, use his study guides, and really study the study guide, you'll pass easily. And you'll actually retain the information. Plus he's really funny and actually cares about us.
4.0 : You dont need the textbook, just come to class and listen to him. For the exams you will just need the review guide and everything he spoke about in the lectures i.e. your notes. The exams are easy and fair and his lectures are very entertaining!
3.5 : Boring but easy class. Talks fast and detailed notes are important for his exams. Only used the books to look up topics on the study guide. Tests are straight from the study guide.
5.0 : Not only is this prof funny but also he takes the time to repeat &amp; clarify info 3x&amp;is willing to answer any questions students have. Only 3 exams(non cumulative), don't buy the textbook-all exam material comes from his lecture&amp; make sure to do the study guides!
5.0 : I have never before rated a professor that I've had on this website, but after the review I just read I felt somewhat obligated to. Kevin Matthews is one of the greatest professors you could take at mason. His class is challenging as he doesn't post anything on bb and you have to write what he's saying as he lectures, but damn is he good.
5.0 : Prof. Matthews is an excellent lecturer, who obviously has a lot of passion for history. You have to take good notes, but if you do and you use his study guides, you'll have no problem with exams. This was a required course, and I wasn't looking forward to it, but Prof. Matthews presented the material so well that I enjoyed the class immensely.
1.0 : This guy was awful. He wouldn't respond to my question and then he insulted me. Tests don't make sense. DON'T TAKE HIM!
1.0 : I'm a really good student. A- average. I asked for help because I was confused over lecture information and he told me to just "read the textbook". None of the tests were on anything in the textbook!
3.5 : I had Professor Mattews a 3 hour long class. His teaching style is lecture based but his lectures are very interesting. In high school I felt like I was learning the same history over and over but he taught me things I didn't know! Exams aren't hard if you go to class, take notes, and study. I really enjoyed his class. I would highly recommend him!
5.0 : Just show up and listen to his lectures for an A+, they're the least boring ones I've ever sat through. This man was literally my favorite professor and I'm not even a history major but I'm planning on taking some obscure Celtic History course as an elective just so I can take a class with him again. Bless Charles, he's an angel.
5.0 : Although this class is completely lecture-based and I'm not really a history person, I really enjoyed it!! He assigns readings, but as long as you take good lecture notes and do the study guide before exams, you'll be fine and won't need the textbook at all. His lectures move pretty fast, but he's an amazing teacher. I highly recommend this class!
3.0 : He is a VERY tough grader. You need to go to EVERY class, take intense notes, NEED to do the readings and need to love the topic, all to get a decent grade. He wrote in his syllabus that he doesn't give out A's and he means it. My advice, don't take his class if you want to do other things with your life occasionally.
4.0 : I had Prof. Matthews for a 3 hour lecture class, and he is very educated on his field of study. He knows what he's talking about. He gives study guides that tell you exactly what will be on the test, but you have to actually study and put in effort. There is no homework, only 2 exams and then the final exam so you have to actually put in work.
5.0 : Great professor, I enjoyed his slight southern accent during the lectures. He really knows his stuff, be prepared to take a lot of notes and then study from them. The good news is all the material on the tests are in the notes you take, meaning you barely have to use the textbook. If you study your notes you will easily get an A.
5.0 : Professor Matthews is amazing! His class is interesting and not boring high school history all over again! Just show up take notes and you'll pass. If you skip you'll fail bc his lectures are the test and I doubt ppl would read the textbook outside of class. Very caring and tests are exactly like the study guide! If you want an A, take this class!
5.0 : No laptops or other devices allowed. Otherwise, wonderful class and very enjoyable. Charlie likes to use the phrase, "handsome devil," when describing historical figures, so watch out for that. Lastly there are only three exams, so SHOW UP TO CLASS to learn material! If you do this, you will NOT need the book! I promise you! Attendance mandatory!
5.0 : TAKE HIM. i dont like history, but he is a great professor. i took a 3 hour lecture and it went by fast. dont expect to do well if you dont study and attend class. the things we learned are basic. DO THE STUDY GUIDES. you'll regret it if you dont. hes a funny guy, enjoy him!
5.0 : He was by far my favorite professor this semester. He explained things well, made class entertaining, would slow down and repeat if you needed him to. He gave study guides for his tests and gave time in class to go over the questions anyone had. Only graded on three tests though but they're easy if you pay attention in class. He gave extra credit.
5.0 : For a 3hr class, this class went a lot better than expected.  It went fast and Dr. Matthews clearly loves History and is always in an enthusiastic mood.  He is also pretty funny, too.  You really need to go to class!  He takes attendance.  2 tests + final that comes from lectures and study guide.  Take great notes and you won't need the book.
2.0 : From what I can see, most of you guys on here are saying to not take him again. I would say that although he is a really tough grader, if you study you'll get an A. And also almost all of the questions are from the study guide. If you know every answer to the questions on the study guisde,its an eazy A. Just 3 exams, if u fail 1, then it'll hurt u
3.5 : For a three hour lecture with insane note taking, it was actually a very enjoyable experience. He taught me so many interests things about the Western Civilization, and he's a pretty fun guy himself
1.5 : He sets nearly impossible standards for tests and papers. You can be the smartest, most hard working student and still get completely destroyed. Avoid at all costs.
5.0 : This class was mandatory, but I'm so glad I took it with him. The tests were purely from his lectures, and they were fun to listen to. He makes class interesting and the 3 hours flew pretty fast. You get 3 tests, non-cumulative. Don't buy the textbook, only a few questions from the test are from the book. Just redo ur notes and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Don't take him is you don't like the subject and unwilling to put forth a lot of effort. His tests are easy if you go to every class, take good notes, and read over the study guide he gives out.
5.0 : DONT BUY THE TEXTBOOK just show up to class and take notes! save yourself money
4.0 : Had his class from 4:30-7pm his lectures can get a little boring but if you take notes and rewrite them, you will get good grades on his exam. He gives out study guides and tell you to read the book, but really most of the questions are from the lectures. His exams are pretty simple and only worries if you understand concepts.
2.5 : He's a great history teacher. His style is lectures. His hand writing is awful, so taking notes from the board might be hard. I really only used the textbook he assigned to complete study guides; I only opened it three times. His study guides for tests are straight forward, but they're short answer, multi choice, WITH two essays.
5.0 : I loveeeed Matthews. Solid A in his class. No phones or computers allowed in class, he only allows note-taking by hand, but honestly this is the best way to go. He speaks slowly, loves answering questions, and will gladly repeat himself. Only 3 exams the whole semester &amp; everything on his study guide is on the exam. Don't buy the textbook trust me
4.5 : A great lecturer.  Enthusiastic, absorbing and challenging.  Imperative that you attend every class as 90% of his final exam is drawn from lecture material, but definitely do all the reading to gain full benefit from the lectures and the class.  His paper format requires RIGID discipline to his dictates, but he provides great guidance.
5.0 : Take him!!!! He is a great professor and tells you the truth about history! Take detailed notes during his lectures and study for the tests according to his study guides and you will do great! DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK! I GOT AN A+ WITHOUT OPENING IT!
5.0 : He's an awesome professor. Lectures are engaging and interesting. I recommend making sure that you read before class or at least before tests. He gives study guides for the three tests you'll have for the semester and there are NO quizzes, papers, or other assignments due. He's always available for questions.  He takes attendance.
5.0 : Awesome lectures and a great person! Most enjoyable history class that I have ever taken and I learned so much that I didn't learn before through history. He does take attendance and will give you extra credit for being in class on days that a lot of people don't show up.
1.0 : Professor Pearlman was by far one of the worst I have had at Mason. He gives you an outline of his own notes he will be going over in class which are hard to follow since they look nothing like what he is going over. Exams are really hard and are counted heavy against you. He is a nice guy but it was just super hard to keep up with him.
3.5 : For a Freshman taking a 300 level class (not on purpose) I did well. Pulled my grade up from a C to a B in the last two weeks. No homework. 2 extra credit assignments that he grades toughly. 1paper. 3 test. DONT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. he gives the notes typed. Study them! Study ahead. You'll do fine.
3.0 : He was not an easy professor. The tests are not easy whatsoever. He does give you a study guide, a lot of material to memorize. He says that they are "not trick questions" but, they are. You have to read his test questions over and over to even understand his scenarios. He was alright, but you have to work very hard for your grade. Definitely tough
3.0 : Good teacher. Does not use Blackboard. Grading is very weird:Reaction papers, 2 tests(1 is optional), Midterm, and Final. 2 Extra credit papers. Group project with paper. Gives course material in packets that he brings to class. No study guides but if you study the packets and go to class you will pass. Uses class discussion questions.
4.0 : Professor P is awesome! No need to buy textbook, he prints everything out. The guy has been a law enforcement officer and a correctional officer so you will learn a lot of real life stuff if you're interested in those fields. 3 exams which are relatively easy but you need to go to class! (a lot of test questions reference videos shown in class!!
2.0 : she is a nice professor but super hard grader ...
3.0 : Each week consists of a dry lecture and then student group presentations of the material for that week. Each lecture is a lot of information and she basically reads from the slides. Despite that, it's a good idea to take the course with her because she is the director for the major and that way she gets to know you more as a student and a person.
2.0 : She is mediocre at best. Her feedback is not good and grades are completely random. It seems like the grades she gives depend on if she likes you or not. Do not buy the book, she didn't even mention it.
4.0 : Cool professor but almost no structure in how she grades papers. You will get a random grade for your paper. Class was fun and not serious.
4.0 : Lots of reading and homework but he keeps it interesting and fun. Amazing Professor who really cares about the students and the course material. He responds quickly to email and questions, loves what he does and it shows. The class isn't easy but you learn a lot. Allows rewrites if you get your assignment in on time.
5.0 : Without a doubt one of the most respected professors at Mason. Unlike other English professors, Professor Thompson grades papers based on what you are (a student and not an English graduate), he made me become a much better writer and I have learned a lot of important lessons based on the books we read and movies we watched. I 100% recommend him!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors I have had so far at Mason. He cares so much about his students and how they are doing in the class. There is papers and blog posting which with a little effort are not bad at all. The lectures do get boring but attendance is taken. Overall, definitely one of the nicest teachers and easy classes i have taken
5.0 : K Thompson will give you lots of great feedback on papers if you ask for it.  I found him humorous and insightful.  You may like him if your intended concentration is ITBus.  He has strong knowledge of IT history , innovation and related topics.  There is a lot of writing in BIS300 &amp; my skills developed in this class. Lots of reading and writing.
5.0 : Dr Thompson only assigned a few lengthy papers, but gave good feedback and is willing to work with you on an issue if you just talk to him. Lectures ran the full time and only occasional breaks. Didn't use the textbooks much (I personally didn't buy of them and still got an A) if at all. I'd recommend him.
5.0 : Professor Thompson is probably the best professor I've had at GMU. He is  understanding and Unlike other professor's I've had, he really wants his students to do well and is willing to work with you. Definitely recommend! A+++++
5.0 : Dr. Thompson is awesome. I took his BIS class, and he really understands older students and students who work and have other commitments. He is an interesting person, and works hard to help you achieve your goals.
4.0 : Professor Thompson is a great professor, he assigns a few lengthy papers, but he gives very helpful feedback and allows you to revise to get a better grade. It was hard to stay awake in his class because he loved to show us a few boring documentaries, other than that I'd recommend taking his composition class. I know I plan ENGH 202 with him again!
5.0 : All the material provided via PowerPoint is very accurate and reflects the exams. Pay close attention to the cases because he will use similar examples  exams. Listen, read the full lectures, take notes, and you will pass.
3.5 : Interesting lectures online with interesting case examples. However, his online mini-exams only give you 40 minutes which sounds like a lot but when you have to look for the smallest of details it will fly by leaving you with only half the answers done. Interesting slides but extremely hard tests.
1.0 : Absolutely helpless!! His BULE 302 online was a total nightmare, and he is extremely unwilling to work with your situation.
4.5 : This isn't an easy class, but you are given everything you need to do well. I can see how people might not get an A if they don't put in the work required. Listen to the lecture slides, study them several times and use there will be no surprises on the exams. He is very thorough. I didn't use the book and got an A just using his slides.
5.0 : His lectures are very interesting. Study the slides, and you will be above 85%. One or two question from the book, so you really do not need it unless you look for A+. His exams are based on your understanding the materials more than how much you memorize it, but it does not mean you do not have to memorize it. Good teacher, I recommended him.
4.0 : This class has been one of my favorites at Mason. Literally study the slides and the cases he tells you to study before the exam and you will be fine! Pay attention on the exams and take your time!! Wish all professors were this helpful about what exams will be on...
4.5 : A really good professor,he is really passionate about the subject. Just read the slides(4 or 5 times),PAY ATTENTION to the cases, you don't need the book. All most all of his material come from the slides on the tests. He told us he doesn't curve, but he curved at the end of the semester.
3.5 : Go to every class! very interesting lectures compare with other professors. don't waste your money on the textbook, read the power point slides and the court cases for the exams, his exams are very tricky, be careful.
4.0 : He's pretty straight forward, pay attention in lecture and recitation you should pass. His test are decant and you are allowed to use your book and notes, but don't rely on them too much! DO NOT BUY THE NEW 4TH EDITION of text book, he's super nice and lets you use up to the 2nd edition! That is where you home work will be!
5.0 : Professor Laemmerzahl really knows his stuff! Statistics isn't an easy concept to grasp so if you have absolutely no background on it outside of the usual (mean, median, average, etc), then it would be in your best interest to GO TO CLASS! HIS LECTURES ARE ENOUGH TO GET YOU AN A! AND MAKE SURE YOU DO THE HOMEWORK! Wonderful professor!
5.0 : If you learn best by having every single facet of a problem explained to you in detail, take Arndt. If not, still take him and just don't go to class and study his notes for the tests, you'll likely get the same grade. He uses R as part of the curriculum, which made me really happy as an aspiring data scientist. Would recommend to anyone.
5.0 : I hate Biology, but this instructor was awesome and fair. I did not fall asleep once. He was clear and answered any and every question. The exams were hard, but he gave you all the materials needed and provided study guides. You will need the text, so please read and do the required online homework.
2.0 : He's a horrible lab professor for bio 308. Expects you to be able to write ecology papers that could be published. Takes off points for the smallest things. Will take off points for grammar on paper but when you ask him what's wrong with it he says "I'm not a English professor but I know that this is wrong". Makes lab harder for no reason.
4.5 : Laemmerzahl's really chill and gives three exams (he drops one exam). If you go to lecture he goes over his online notes and does sample problems which really helps. The homework that's due every week in recitation is usually similar to what you see on the exams. He's kind of boringdull but concepts are easy to understand because he explains well!
5.0 : He's a great professor, very sweet and cute. When I went to visit in office hours tho he seemed abrupt. Isn't always available. Talks a lot- but good because makes you understand the material. Always asks if audience has questions- people don't usually ask but its nice.
4.0 : Very engaging and provides numerous examples of statistical problems. If you prefer step-by-step instructions he is a good professor in that sense. Started to go to class A LOT less but his thorough notes will do just fine. Notes are very extensive but easy to follow along. Exams are half open book, half closed.
3.5 : Good lecturer, easy to understand and nice guy. Advised to sit close to the front cause his handwriting is bad, but he always willing to answer question and clarify. His exams are a bit tricky, it might just seem like that due to lack of studying. Don't think I'll take him again though.
4.5 : This guy really knows what he's talking about, and he's good at breaking it down into plain english. You should go to class to get the participation points (in the form of the easiest pop quizzes you'll ever take), but even if you don't his notes are crystal clear and they are all you need to do well on the exams.
3.0 : He made the topic interesting.  Quizzes to reward attendance (he gives the answers).  Online homework- NEED the book and perhaps online to get them all right.  If you skip class or leave 1/2 way through (1 day class), it will be hard to understand the volume of material missed.  He uses stats to do all grades so it's difficult to track progress.
3.5 : Show up to class since he gives (easy) pop quizzes. His lectures are long, but thorough. The exams are pretty tough if you're not really into science, but not impossible. I thought he made biology pretty accessible. He gives study guides and old exams to study from, as well as outlines for lectures. I'd recommend him for 104.
5.0 : Biostatistics is a obviously a math heavy class. Dr. Laemmerzhal has set up this course in a way where success is definitely reachable. He pot all of hi note on line. If you are feeling iffy on a section before a test, definitely attend the oral reviews and you will be good to go.
4.5 : Cool guy, interesting lectures if you pay attention. It's really hard to listen to him for 3 hours though. I went to class just for the quiz points. If you just memorize his previous exams and his notes you will do fine. I just sat in the back and played pokemon on my computer all class and got an A with minimal effort.
4.5 : I LOVE ARNDT. HE IS THE BEST. If you make flashcards, read over the notes, and do the study guides, then you WILL ace all the tests. Additionally, he does give pop quizzes but they are the easiest quizzes you will probably take during college. Make sure you do well in lab and remember the homework; you'll breeze the class with an A no problem!
4.5 : He was good at applying the information to real life scenarios, and that's always been helpful for me. BioStat isn't a very exciting class, but he makes it alright.
5.0 : Although attendance isn't mandatory, he gives pop quizzes and those points are very helpful for your overall grade! I enjoyed his lectures and think he was a great professor.
2.0 : So easy. Never went to class.  Studied the night before every test and still got an A.
3.5 : this professor is not really cool. Lots of things that  he doesn't know, he would just say those are weird. His teaching is not really good as well.
4.0 : If you pay attention to most lectures, this class will not be hard. His lectures are clear, and interesting. He posts his notes online. Tests come in two parts. The first is conceptual (no calculator), the second part is open book, open notes, open calculator. The first part is harder. He does not make you memorize long, complex formulas. Good Prof
5.0 : I love the Laems! I'm a psych major and took him for 103 (and 104) during the shorter summer session and I couldn't have asked for a better professor. I enjoy bio, so maybe that's why it came so easily to me, but read his notes a couple times and you should be good to go for the tests which are all multiple choice. His pop quizzes are hilarious!
5.0 : I respect him so much! He's an awesome teacher. He had all of our notes and study guides up on his website so we could follow along. He grades his tests the day of and all questions on the test come directly from the notes. I took his class during the summer, so we had pop quizzes, but they are easy! (really easy)! Super straight forward and fun!
4.0 : Took both Bio 103 and 104 over the summer with him. Be sure to print out his lecture notes before class so you can follow along. Homework wasn't hard but Mastering Bio could be a bit of a pain at times. Overall, the class was very easy. Just go to lecture, do well in lab and study for the exams and you should be fine. Pop quizzes are hilarious :)
4.0 : As an accounting major who was required to take this to graduate I was pleasantly surprised.  Labs and in class quizzes great grade boosters, HW was from notes and exams straight from notes, no funny business or guessing games!  Recommend!
4.0 : Professor Laemmerzhal is a very helpful and nice professor. He teaches very well in class and tests yr knowledge based on what he teaches in class. He is very fair. His exams are based on what he teaches in class and the assigned homework problems . Thus, as long as u do the homework problems and spend fair amount of hours studying u will do well.
4.5 : You will be in class the entire class period. He knows his stuff and is very interested in teaching it. the tests were based off of tests from previous semesters but NOT THE SAME tests. So some studying is required. I HATE biology and got a B+. His quizzes are free points and do the homework, I lost my A because of it.
5.0 : Great Professor! do all the homework and really understand it because that is what is on your exams . Also, make sure you come to class cause although you can probably get away with just the notes, the notes were a little confusing at times and going to class helps. SUPER amazing lecturer and great for recitation! Approachable and fair.
3.0 : This professor is not as clear about the material as he could be and tends to dance around how many ways a problem could not work rather than giving the straight forward explanation. Being very dedicated, passionate, and attentive to people's concerns during lecture, this professor is decent with just the tangential issues that complicate things.
5.0 : Dr. Laemmerzahl is awesome! No textbook; he writes the material for the course and it is presented in a very clear and comprehensible way. Attendance optional but necessary if you want to do well, 3 exams with open-note sections! Recitation has weekly assignments. Put forth the effort and you'll definitely do well - I learned a lot in this class!
5.0 : best professor ever just study his nots and you will get an A , and you do not need to write the notes he upload them for you in the black board .
4.0 : Ardnt's cool. Has notes online that r ez 2 follow by urself (no textbook; can skip lecture if u understand them). Lecture's slow/boring (follows notes exactly) but helpful if u don't understand the notes. Tests are short (half closed book about terminology/ideas from notes, other half open book about ?s similar to the hwk) so u got plenty of time.
5.0 : Go to oral reviews even if you think you are doing well if they are offered.  They go into specifics of how things are graded on the exams.  Dr. Laemmerzahl sounds like Casey Casem when he lectures.  He is good about answering questions and very available for questions during office hours and e-mail.
5.0 : Honestly, an amazing professor! Would recommend. Just come to class and do the homework, the tests couldn't be easier.
5.0 : Dr. Bedore hands down is the best mentor I have ever had, she is very kind hearted and pure spirited. Very attentive, caring and understanding. Dr. Bedore will definitely push you out of your comfort zone and does an amazing job at giving positive feedback, she even helped me as a mother. She shared so many stories and lessons that truly touched me
4.5 : Professor Constantine is a great teacher. She treats her students like high school teenagers so makes sure you keep your phone off and laptops put away. The conversations in class can be interesting and boring at times. Even though her classes lasts about an hour it seems like forever. It's easy to fall asleep so be sure to show up and do the work.
5.0 : Wow. What a beautiful human being. I have never had such an inspirational teacher like Lynne. There aren't many professors that can dig deep and speak to your soul like she can. I am and will always continue to be in awe of her. It has been an amazing experience. you're awesome Lynne.
4.0 : She is a bit long winded and there is a lot of reading involved. However, she is extremely nice, knowledgeable, and cares about her students. Easy class with a few reflection papers and group projects. No tests or quizzes!
4.0 : Can only skip class 3 times or you drop a letter grade. Other than that, really easy class. Just do the work. She gives you so many opportunities to get a good grade, even lets you rewrite a paper at the end of the semester. I would recommend knocking out all the blog posts at the beginning of the semester. Made the course a lot easier!
5.0 : He is currently teaches a recitation class and holds office hours and study sessions for ECE 220 because he retired from being a professor. He is overall an amazing teacher and will go above and beyond to contribute to students success. He is active on Blackboard, easy to reach over email, and makes all the material easier to understand.
5.0 : Beatty is probably the best professor I've had so far at Mason. He's just a great teacher, he explains very difficult concepts very clearly and in a way you can understand it
2.0 : Other reviewers here who rated him for 220 only had him for recitation. This semester he actually decided to teach the actual course, and it is a complete 180 turn around. He rushes through all of the lectures and talks about the topics as if everyone knows exactly what is going on. Exams also look NOTHING like the homework, so good luck with that
5.0 : This guy is one of the greatest of professors that i have taken a class with at GMU. The lectures in Dr. Beatty's class are highly organized where concepts are explained clearly, step by step, and he presents examples. Even though his exams are tough, this guy knows his stuff and he gets the message across in his lectures and in his office hours.
5.0 : Professor Crossin is amazing.  If you ask for help she will make time and help.  The material is tough but she breaks it down so it's easy to understand.  If you are like me and math is not your strong suit I highly recommend taking Prof. Crossin.
5.0 : She is a very nice teacher! She basically tries to make the class as easy as she could possibly make it. Do your homework and attempt to understand the material and you should be fine.
5.0 : I loved having her. I was in a hybrid class, so we only met once a week, and the rest was done online. She used a lot of helpful examples in class, and she made a lot of jokes. At the end of the semester, you have a choice on how you want to be graded, and she always hands out practice problems before a test. The quizzes are easy enough.
5.0 : Professor Crossin is an excellent professor. She's very quick to reply to emails, and is always eager to help out students. I wish there were more professors like her out there! If you're attending GMU, I definitely recommend her!
4.5 : Crossin is so great. You get extra credit if you correct her mistakes. She tells you exactly what gets you full credit points on the tests. No calculators allowed but she gives an algebra refresher.
4.0 : I took this class online and found her lectures to be very clear and concise. She requires you to participate on the discussion board, but she also takes the time to participate on it as well. She's always very helpful and actually got me interested in math.
5.0 : If you haven't taken math in a while or this is your first math class for GMU, take Professor Crossin! She explains everything very clearly and she gives practice exams/quizzes that are EXACTLY like her actual exams/quizzes. If you just go over the study guides and memorize the steps/concepts you'll do great on the actual exams! Good luck. :)
4.5 : Overall, pretty damn good math teacher. She is constantly going off topic though which is so annoying when you're trying to focus and learn the problem. Study guides are almost exactly like the test. She is a nice grader too, wants to see that you know what to do even if numbers are off. I say take her if you haven't had math in a while.
5.0 : Love her! She's a funny, down to earth professor who really cares about students, but is levelheaded. The class: xyz homework sometimes has material we didn't go over in class, but it's not usually on tests. Go to class, take notes, and you should do well. Crossin explains problems in class in a way that's engaging. Also gives study guide for tests
5.0 : Best Math teacher I have ever had. If you don't understand something, she will sit down and explain it all until you get it. She tells you what you need to do to pass. I love math because of her.
4.5 : She's a little distracted at times, but for every mistake you correct her for the class gets extra credit. We ended up with 20 extra points. Don't miss her class because she is great at explaining the math concepts! There's a reason why she always has a waitlist for her class.. TAKE HER!!
4.5 : This is a class that could be difficult but she really works to make it simple to understand. If you attend class, do the problems along with her, and prepare before the quizzes and exams.
5.0 : One of the best, if not the best, math teacher I have ever had. If you pay attention in class, practice the problems, and learn the material, this class should be a breeze. She also gives extra credit so make sure you attend class. Highly recommend.
5.0 : She is so sweet and genuinely cares for the students. Shes a bit dorky but its nice cause it makes it easier to go up to her. She does a great job explaining things and if you show and listen its an easy class! Best MAth 108 teacher!
5.0 : Karen is great. Take her class. She is so willing to help you. If you are struggling GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS, she will practice with you until you get it.  If i had to take math again, it would be with her.
5.0 : I LOVED having Mrs. Crossin for calculus. Even though I am not good at math and I hate the subject. She made it interesting to go to class everyday. She was very accesiable and you could tell that she cared about her students. I would take her again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Best math teacher I have ever had. She made calculus so easy. She gives practice quizzes/exams right before and they are very similar to the actual exams. She's hilarious and super down to earth.  I was bad at math but passed her class with flying colors.
5.0 : I love Professor Crossin! She's hilarious and makes math fun. She's also super approachable and caring. I usually hate math but Professor Crossin converted me! She offers little extra credit assignments here and there, and she's always willing to spend time with you to help you succeed. I would HIGHLY recommend her! Her hybrid class is awesome!
5.0 : I'm really not that good at Calculus. Professor Crossin really made it a lot more understandable though. I wish i wouldn't have skipped so much because then i would have gotten an A for sure.
5.0 : Professor Crossin is truly as amazing as all of these reviews say she is. Math is my least favorite subject but she actually helped me understand calculus. She truly cares about her students and wants each and every one to learn and understand the material. Also, her lectures are actually entertaining and not boring at all.
4.5 : LOVED HER! Any person who has ever had trouble in math should take her class. She has a unique teaching style that I receptive to and fought math in ENGLISH and not a way that a non-mathy person can understand. Go to class and pay attention, and you'll be fine! She's also hilarious and for that I really enjoyed going to her class. 10/10 recommend
4.5 : literally the best math teacher ever! some parts are no calculator but she does easy numbers where you don't need a calculator. she's really good at explaining and making it easy to understand. catch her mistakes in class for extra credit. I just can not express how good of a teacher she is! she's bad at replying to emails though
4.0 : Easy A only if you attend class and pay attention, do the extra credit assignments, and if you turn everything in on time. Most of the time she talks about her life, which is funny, but in the end you don't really learn anything unless you tell her if she can be serious. She basically gives you the answers on study guide and practice problems.
4.5 : I took Boyette for 271, but that was a big mistake so I took Crossin for 272. Honestly, she is so amazing. She cares about all her students and is always there if you ask for help. Her study guides are relevant to the exam. There is a lot of homework, but it really does help you understand the material. I would definitely recommend her!
4.5 : She was always so sweet when I ever had any questions! She replies to her emails almost immediately with clear and precise answers. Even though it was online, I never felt that I wasn't learning. Make sure to use the discussion boards, they will help you. If you want to know your grades on assignments, you have to email her.
5.0 : If you're really close to a higher grade, she'll give you that grade. She won't give out C minuses if you're between a 70 and 72 which is helpful so you don't have to retake. Giving out extra credit for correcting mistakes helps encourage class participation. She also has a lot of helpful tricks which can help memorize formulas.
5.0 : She is perfect! Best math teacher I ever had. She explains everything very well and if you go to class she basically gives you the test questions and changes the numbers. She gives you extra credit for pointing out her mistakes so pay attention and speak up. She also is hilarious. I would take her again in a heartbeat
5.0 : Karen was one of the best professors I have ever had. She truly cares about her students and tries to help them understand the material. She gives out a lot of homework, but it really helps you understand what is going on in class. She also sets up her classes in teams, so you help your classmates learn the material as well. I highly recommend!!!!
5.0 : I took her online class over the summer, so the material was a lot and very condensed into a month.  As long as you do the homework, you will be fine.  I have struggled with math since elementary school and was extremely nervous taking math over the summer.  I would definitely recommend taking her! Very nice person too.
5.0 : Professor Crossin was AMAZING! She does genuinely care about her students and is extremely passionate about Math. She is both flexible and willing to work with any student that does their best! I highly recommend this instructor to anyone looking to improve in mathematics and/or is just looking for a wonderful learning experience!
4.0 : The best math prof especially for those in the business school, cannot stress this enough. She's quite funny and quirky which livens the class up a bit. Material is quite easy if you pay attention and do the work problems assigned. Gives class extra credit if you point out her mistakes.
4.5 : Karen is awesome! If you're really passionate about teaching she'll work with you. Skipping class is not a good idea (at least not a LOT) The homework can be heavy sometimes but she's there to help you if you need it-- and she's really good about it (she even texts students about what they're struggling with). I definetly recommend her!
5.0 : She's a really nice person, literally Ms. Frizzle You'll be fine she'll get you through it. Under her the class, for a short time, becomes a community.
2.0 : There are only two Prof.  that teach MATH 271&amp;272 and Prof. Crossin just so happens to be the lesser of two evils. The homework load is ridiculous and no, it did not help me understand the material. People find her insanity amusing but to me she was annoying. She makes you learn the material by yourself and expects you to understand it. Be prepared
5.0 : She is so awesome! Take her.. my whole life I struggled in Math but she made it easy and I actually learned something instead of always being frustrated and confused. She's laid back and engaging at the same time. A liberal Arts mind's best friend 3
4.5 : Best math teacher. She makes the class interesting, i didn't expect to do this well in a math class but she made it possible.
4.0 : It's an online course, so everything is put up on BB; tests are taken in-person. There's homework every week, mostly online and some written, but it's easy and not long. The 3 tests are very easy and she gives a practice test before each one that's almost exactly the same as the actual test. Highly recommend taking it as your required math course!
3.5 : Since it's an online class be prepared to read a lot or ask for help. Material isn't too difficult, just make sure you participate in the discussion board posts.
4.5 : Best math teacher!  She's funny, knows the material well and surprises students with extra credit opportunities
3.0 : Granted, math is my worst subject, but this was the most difficult class I've taken going into Senior year. The homework took forever and I still needed a tutor because the material wasn't clear. She tried to help the class out by giving several extra credit opportunities, but I wish the tests didn't count so much. Allows a half page notes at tests
4.0 : Class was easy over all. Your whole grade is based of your HW basically. and she grades harsh on those. Accuracy matters. Ive gotten A's on every test yet still have a C in the class because of homework. Test looks just like review. Was rude when you contacted her but other than that no problems. Participation matters even though she didnt say
5.0 : Easiest Math 108 teacher. Take her. If not possible, then wait next semester. Her exams, quizzes and quests are super easy. They pretty much like the reviews. She gives extra credit for catching her mistakes. DO NOT GET THE TEXTBOOK. You will NEVER EVER use it. Everything comes from her lectures.
1.0 : Horrible professor.. Basically taught myself everything because she is useless. UNFAIR GRADING!! Half the time I would get 010 on my assignment and my group member would get 1010 and we would write the same exact thing. She is rude too... I wish I didn't have to take her
5.0 : READ THE BOOK. It's actually really fascinating. This is coming from a comm major, but... Yeah. A LOT is based off of moderate reading. BUT, Wright is FABULOUS. So so funny and nice. She's also my advisor, gets back to emails quickly, and is just generally interesting; even at 9:00am. Helpful, accommodating, hope to have as a prof again!
5.0 : Great class. It was interesting and she was always eager and upbeat. Just put in a little effort and you can easily pass the class with an A
3.5 : Prof. Wright was great. We only had one major paper, a midterm and a final. She was super great and as long as you took good notes and payed attention to the lecture, you were good. She recommends reading the book, but skimming it everyone in awhile left me with an A in the course by the end of the semester. She's really easy going and insightful.
4.0 : She is lovely and so helpful. She will hold you accountable of your grades, but what upper level professor won't. I have taken her more than once and always passed her class with enjoyment.
2.0 : RUN FOR THE HILLS. Took her for both 200 and loved her then 320 and it was a hot mess. I really respected Dr. Wright when I had her for 200, but that has changed. She waste class time, unorganized, and favors students. Come to class for attendance &amp; tune out. She doesn't let you use technology even though we are adults, so bring a pen and paper.
2.0 : Overall this is an easy class. Just make sure that you complete all of her random assignments. There is 1 in class quiz, 1 online quiz, and  1 online short answer due every week. This may not sound like a lot but they add up quick and are easy to forget. Not my favorite professor but she isn't terrible. Goes off topic a LOT and at random times.
1.5 : I was really excited to take this class. I don't know if she was having a bad semester because most of the ratings here are great, but she's one of the worst professors I've had in a while. Terrible in replying to emails, EXTREMELY random and confusing, and it felt like she had no idea what she was talking about 80% of the time.
2.0 : This was one of the worst college professors I have ever had. She is incapable of giving people A's. Her grading makes absolutely no sense. You can work really hard and if you're not one of her favorites you wont get a good grade. Just listen to this review and save yourself the trouble of taking her.
4.5 : Dr. Wright is a great teacher! This class was really interesting and I loved the books we had to read for this course. The commercial project was my favorite! You better come to class or you will fail, she is very entertaining and a great teacher! She is also an advisor and does everything in her power to make sure you graduate! She is a great!
3.0 : Dr. Wright was fun and energetic! She was always happy to see the students and was enthusiastic about what she was teaching. There was a tremendous amount of reading. You can't pass that class without it! There are weekly quizzes and multiple group projects. There was a lot of wasted time, but overall it was a reasonable and interesting class.
2.0 : Absolutely awful.  Attendance was mandatory however I learned nothing other than what youtube videos to never watch again.  The online quizzes relate to nothing taught in class.  I would not recommend for any Comm majors.
1.0 : I'm glad Dr. Wright is finally getting the reviews she deserves. She is an AWFUL professor. I used to think she was great, until I actually took her class. She is VERY random and goes off topic a lot, but then decides she wants to have stupid pop quizzes every other week. She also plays favorites and has no specific guidelines for anything.
5.0 : This was the first time 430 was offered online and Dr. Wright did amazing! I had been absolutely dreading taking 430, but she was awesome. There is A LOT of work, but she gives great feedback and is so helpful. Read the textbook and understand the key concepts and you'll do great.
5.0 : I do not recommend taking this course over the summer. It is way to much content to load into 5 weeks. This course will drive you insane because it's 4-5 chapters a week with assignments, quizzes, and exams for each. Dr. Wright is knowledgeable and caring. I recommend taking this course the traditional way.
3.5 : Prof. Wright is cool, I had her for a 9am but I never felt strongly inclined to skip. She is easy to listen to and most of her assignments were easy if you follow the directions. She does take attendance so make sure to go for free points that save your grade-tests are kinda hard so be sure to read the textbook.
3.5 : This is the hardest Comm class that communication majors have to take.  It's full of theory which has to be interpreted.  She is really funny and a good teacher if you like her funny and slightly confusing lecture style.  She is very helpful but you MUST go to EVERY class.  Tests are VERY hard.  Study and don't skip, you'll get an A.
4.0 : This was my introduction to Communication and she made me get excited for my major. Don't skip class, and sometimes she'll give extra credit just for showing up and breathing. Actually read the book, it's pretty interesting and essential for understanding. She's funny and does go off topic sometimes but it's not a big deal. Would take again.
4.5 : Dr. Wright is by far one of the best professors I've had at George Mason. She's very passionate about her field and sincerely wants all of her students to do well in her class. Show up, participate and do the assignments. It's really as easy as that.
5.0 : I took COMM 200 online. I really liked the video lectures. She makes it interesting. Most weeks you read a chapter or two, watch video lectures, and take a quiz. The quizzes aren't hard if you paid attention. It is timed so don't try to skip the reading. There are a few research assignments. I felt they were a little tougher.
4.5 : Class is easy as long as you read the book. She's funny and if you need help she's happy to help you
3.5 : She was very nice and helpful.
5.0 : He is passionate about teaching and makes extra efforts to create a learning environment in his classroom and take student feedback seriously. I believe he said this was his first time teaching Physics but he did a great job of helping students understand the material. I never thought I'd ever think Physics was interesting but he convinced me!
4.5 : If you do homework, read textbook, and study his lecture slides you should be fine. Exams are a little difficult. Not bad at all. If you ask for help during office hours he will explain everything clearly.
5.0 : Amazing lectures. Explains materials very clearly and also posts all powerpoint slides. Going to his office hours is definitely helpful as he will go over what you ask. Tests can be a little bit difficult, but they are definitely fair. Make sure you do your homework as they are part of your grade too. Highly recommended
5.0 : If you really want to learn physics, you should take him. His lectures are great because he makes power point slides very detail. He does a lot of examples in lecture slides which are super helpful. Also, he brings materials to help us better understand the real life of physics. Exams can be tough, but you will be fine if you put an effort.
4.0 : Took him over the summer and I did horrible in physics when I was in high school so was not looking forward to this class but he makes everything just so interesting ! Especially since the class was at 7:30 am every day, loved him! There are weekly homeworks but during the summer there are only 3 tests with 5 questions on each with bonus questions
4.5 : I had him this summer everyday at 730AM for 24 days. I thought I would hate it, but this man made me love physics. If you study his powerpoints(which are SUPER helpful), you will pass. As long as you do the homework and study, you should have no complaints with this guy. Homework isn't too hard and neither are the tests. Not an EASY A. A doable A.
2.0 : Ernest is a good professor, but he speeds through the content. Its all fun &amp; games in class but the hw and the exams are difficult. one thing i absolutely HATE about his class is that he doesn't post his PPTs prior to class as an incentive for people to come to class, but we spend more time taking notes than paying attn to class. I HATED that!!!
5.0 : Took Barreto for summer physics. I was blown away by how amazing this professor is. I hated physics in high school and thought that this 5 week course would kill me, but Barreto made coming to this class enjoyable. If you attend lectures and really learn how to do his problems in his slideshows, you will do fine. He cares and wants you to pass!!
5.0 : I hated physics in high school and was terrible at it, but he makes physics so simple and easy to understand that I barely ever had to go on youtube for help. Also, he lets you have a cheat sheet every test which is super helpful and my studying consisted of making this cheat sheet. I got an A, but I also tried really hard to get one.
5.0 : Im not a big fan of physics and wasnt excited at the beginning to take this class, especially since it was at 7am. However, he's super approachable and the time actually flew by. He made physics seem less intimidating with all the calculations and had a lot of in-class problems he would go through. Also let us have a cheat sheet on exams
5.0 : The lecture is awesome. i took physics before and i still go to his lecture. His lectures are on normal  college base. you can ask as many questions as you want , he will happily explain it
1.0 : Worst teacher I have ever taken. Avoid.
5.0 : I took him in the fall and he was an amazing professor. I have taken physics in high school and I totally didn't like it, but with him, physics was fun, interesting and enjoyable. It is an easy A if you listen to his lectures and do the practice problems.
5.0 : Excellent professor. His lectures are very clear. If do your homework, read textbook, and study his lecture slides, and you will get an A.
4.0 : My favorite lecture- he is hilarious! While the HW is helpful, it's his PPT slides that will assist you the most. He posts the previous year's exams/solutions, allows one page of notes on exams, and grades on a slight curve. Only complaint: doesn't post PPTs before class, so you can't follow along while he lectures.
4.0 : His exams aren't too bad. He has 2 throughout out the semester and drops the lowest, but that one grade is 50% of your final grade so be careful. I hope one day I love my job as much as he loves his. He has such great enthusiasm that it makes me want to go to class.
4.5 : He is a good professor overall. No project or essays. He speeds up the content during lecture and sometimes it is hard to keep pace with him. Unless you can summarize you won't have enough time during class to write everything what is on power point. Just pay attention to his words and print them out in the library. Not an easy A but doable A.
4.5 : Tests weren't easy and the review questions are pointless, however he absolutely loves physics and genuinely wants to see his students succeed.  I would recommend for this class, go to class and do the problems he goes over in lecture.  If you do really well on the first exam it will be counted 50% and your set for the rest of the semester.
4.0 : He goes too fast in lectures, so following along is not easy at all. Just study by yourself with the lecture slides, homework, and the textbook, then you will get an A.
4.5 : He loves physics and he genuinely wants his students to see the cool side of physics. First 2 midterms are worth 48% of grade but he drops your lowest one so better hope you do well on one (it is curved). He is an amazing teacher and his demonstrations are so cool so I recommend going to class! He actually teaches and wants you to learn.
2.5 : Never taking physics before, I was in for a shock. He rushes through everything and spends a good amount of time reviewing what happened last class. For our 2nd test the class average was 44% and he was reluctant to curve the exam.  Overall, I left the class absolutely hating physics and wished I would have taken another professor.
3.5 : First word of advice is to do well on the first exam. It's 48 percent of your grade (b/c he takes the highest of two mid term grades) and its the easiest material covered in the class. Know the concepts behind what you're doing when you do math otherwise you will keep getting stumped when a problem is presented to you in a different way.
5.0 : He's a wonderful professor who makes physics interesting. Lectures seem to be clear, but he move pretty quickly. Powerpoint slides are extremely helpful and homework make you practice and prepare for the exams.
5.0 : Awesome teacher!!! Take her if you can! Really specific in what she expects for the course, some assignments, 2 papers, and 2 online exams.
5.0 : BEst professor ever. Easy A. Just do the hw and you good to go. Only 2 test which are online and you can do it from home.
5.0 : One of best professor I ever had. You actually feel like going to class. Easy A as test are take away so you can do it anytime and the are online. JUst do the work and you good to go.
4.5 : Take the class.
5.0 : She was totally awesome. I took her at NOVA but I loved her regardless!
4.0 : Professor Slagle is very sweet and don't give you hard time.  I loved her, she is simply an awesome!!!!!
5.0 : I took her class during fall. It an 8 weeks class. There are some paper works but there are okay. The class is fun. Prof. Wendi tries to make the class interesting. We only had 2 test for this class.
4.0 : I hate science but she really helps you. Take her class because this will help your GPA and the best part is she gives you alot of extra credit
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Sweet, caring, passionate about the earth sciences. Offers a TON of extra credit for each test, in the form of in-class activities. Makes earning a good grade easy because she is focused more on you LEARNING and less about you worrying about grades. A profound, brilliant human being.
5.0 : Her lectures and the labs can be confusing because IGMET PET IS confusing; however, she is SUPER nice and helpful! She allows students to ask questions during class several times and is willing to help outside of class. My advice: take good notes during class, study those with the ppt slides and ask questions frequently. Awesome professor!
5.0 : She's the most wonderful teacher I know.
5.0 : Great teacher, gives all extra credit in class, lecture slideshow is online never need to take notes, tests are easy... highly recommend
4.5 : She is a wonderful professor that keeps your attention during lecture by throwing in some humor or incorporating video examples of geological features you cover in class into her powerpoints. Lets you do extra credit for each of the 3 exams you take.
3.0 : She makes it easy but when you actually take the test, you will realize that she has not taught you and you have not learn enough.  She is very friendly and always try to help. However, her lectures are very very boring and you won't learn much from her speaking.  Do not take her, you won't learn anything if you are a kinda laid back person.
3.5 : Sometimes hard to understand and lectures are a bit boring if you're not really into geology. Offers about 10 points of extra credit per exam via small assignments given in lecture. Exam questions can be phrased tricky, but it's all multiple choice. Don't buy the textbook for 101. One of her TAs said some of her lecture material is graduate-level .
4.0 : Somehow I pulled off an A-, but her exams were hard. Attendance is required in order to get a good grade; If you're not a textbook person it's possible you can get away with it but I'm  textbook person.
4.0 : She is really nice person, however her class really is not that easy. Yes, she gives you lots of opportunities for extra credit, but do not think it will be an easy A. You have to go to class all the time because you never know when she will give an extra credit assignment. And let me be clear when I say her exams are really difficult!
3.5 : She is a nice woman and respectful of her students. Friendly and kinda silly (no one laughed at her jokes in class tho- still sweet lady). Her class is the usual. Study the study guides she gives before the exams and you should be golden. She makes the exams off of the study guides too.
4.5 : Great teacher. I'm a pretty huge slacker when it comes to class-work, and I was able to get off with a B. She's very sweet and fun, easily accessible, really does take an interest in the topic and helping you learn. So many opportunities to boost your grade (extra credit, easy labs, etc.). NO hw, and tests are right off the slides. Highly recommend
5.0 : She is a great professor and a greater human being. She is very helpful. Doesn't hate her students and she is willing to help all the time. Definitely recommended.
4.0 : She's awesome. I went to class probably about 5-7 times this semester and still passed with a B+. She curves all of her exams BIG TIME. It wont hurt you to skip class (as I did it often). However, if you do choose to go to class, she gives a ton of extra credit. You can earn up to 10-15 extra credit points for each exam! Her lab is super easy too!
5.0 : The sweetest, kindest, and the most passionate professor I have ever met. She absolutely LOVES what she teaches and knows soooo much about the subject that it makes you want to learn too. Very understanding and helpful. Highly recommend. Extra credits definitely a plus.
5.0 : Also took HRNS 240 and ENGH 323 with him. One of the greatest professors I've ever had. He's a completely original thinker, and is so open to the ideas of his students. He'll open new worlds to you through the Renaissance and Shakespeare. Just go to class with an open mind, and you'll have the time of your life.
5.0 : Favorite honors class ever. He is so incredibly intelligent I can't even explain it. He did this thing where he would close his eyes and after a few moments would open them and recite a quote to make his point more clear. Seriously, he can quote anyone. Plus, he's a more than fair grader. Do yourself a favor and take his class.
5.0 : Absolutely incredible professor and a great man. Everybody rags on the quizzes for HNRS 122, but first day of class, he specifically said "Read every work twice." I did just that and made no lower than a 4.5/5 on the quizzes. All the works for this class have the theme of treasuring your youth and education. I always left the class feeling uplifted
4.5 : He makes sure to have you get textbooks that you can afford. Amazing person in general, not to mention a great teacher. He broadens your mind to have you think in new ways and make connections you wouldn't have made otherwise.
3.5 : Easily one of the best professors I've had. Very intelligent, very passionate about his work. His enthusiasm for teaching is inspirational, and the readings he chose were phenomenal.
4.5 : Prof. D'Andrea is a brilliant professor, but this class is not an easy A. You have to take quizzes every week and the readings are very long.  If you do badly on a quiz you can always ask him for a makeup. There are 3 study group presentations in total which are not very hard. DO the readings, participate and you will be on your way to an A!
5.0 : Such an inspiring teacher, he really taught my entire class to cherish reading the classics and understand them on deeper level. So sad he's retiring, but cannot wait to see the great works he writes in retirement. Read his book Nathan the Wise in class. The essay at the end was very opinionated. Midterm was tricky because he is very wise.
4.0 : Best Professor EVER!!! I enjoyed his ANTH114 course. Even though I did not need to take ANTH330, I took the course because I wanted to take another class taught by him.
1.0 : Horrible grader. When you ask question makes you Feel like stupidest person in the world. NO way you want this professor. your GPA WILL experience a Free fall. Good luck. Highest grade in class was B.
3.0 : Tests are tricky, its not about memorizing the material is more about applying the concept. Most of it is multiple choice &amp; its confusing bc you think 2 answers might be right choice. There is a paper due and no clear grading rubric (g'luck with that). He drops questions &amp; if you got those right he will STILL drop it  not bother to give extra cRED
3.0 : I think he's the easiest of the bule professors bc his exams are all true/false and multiple choice. Your grade is from 4 exams and 1 legal problem. He drops the lowest of those 5. A word of advice for the legal problem, take it seriously and write down how he wants it done. So many students scored below 60% on it. I recommend him though.
1.0 : Honestly, he is the worst professor I've ever had at Mason. He doesn't teach, he is rude to the students when you ask him a question. Although his tests aren't bad, he unfairly grades the legal problem. He tells you want he wants and when you do, he still gives you a C. Doesn't even give you a chance. BULE is tough, but avoid this guy at all cost.
4.5 : Prof. Hurley is a very good professor he knows what he is talking about. You need to come to every class and take notes plenty of notes! The notes and textbook are great study materials for the tests. There are  4 tests and a legal problem and he drops the lowest grade. I would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Prof Hurley is a great professor. Whilst there is no homework in this class, reading the text before class sessions is helpful. Participation is an easy way to gain extra credit and test scores are curved! His lectures are interesting and engaging, and he is always ready to offer feedback and help. Great professor! Would definitely recommend.
2.0 : This guy is hard dont choose him if you want a good grade. Like legit I hated the class. Is hard and the lectures are boring as hell. Get ready to sleep bring a pillow
3.0 : Well, the class is way difficult! All students having low grade in 302 bule!  it is not about professor , but professor can make it a little easier by giving some extra credit. the whole semester u get only 5 points! its like nothing. so you got 60 on test 1 you will get 65! it doesnt make any difference getting extra credit or no. good luck yall
5.0 : Prof. Hurley is certainly a person who actually teaches his subject. His lectures are real-life examples with emphasis on what you need to know for exams and writing assignments. There are no surprises - you are being tested on exactly what is taught in class. It is an easy A on conditions - study PPT and take class notes when it comes to cases.
4.0 : It was the best class I have ever taken. The subject is interesting and the teacher has a passion for it. Be ready to ready a lot! Workload is heavy and there are many exams plus project. He is very helpful with the case studies. Learn the cases because this will be part of the exams and in class participation. Listen and take notes! Recommend him!
5.0 : Professor Hurley is the bar I set for college professors. Here is a man who has not only lived his subject material, but is genuinely passionate about it. The law is his life's work and it shows. Do the homework, take detailed notes based on the slides, and listen for the not so subtle hints, and you will have no problem passing, or getting an A.
4.5 : Didn't study for any test and just from his lectures I was able to get an Avg. around high 60's and his test are tough. Came down to final 4 me 2 pass and I put in the work of reading each chapter (don't b lazy) and LOOKING AT THE BLUE SUBTITLES/could have easily got an A w/tht effort. do that only 3X and your good cuz hedrops lowest Test. good guy
5.0 : Very nice guy and very understanding if family emergencies occur and you aren't able to attend class as long as you talk to him.  Overall, the class was fairly easy as long as you don't procrastinate on the two HW essays he assigns.
5.0 : He is an easy professor! He gives pop quizzes once every 2 weeks, and all the quizzes worth like 20% of your grade. He assigned 2 homework assignments that worth 15% each. His final exam were not too hard though; we allowed to write everything on a single piece of paper and use it on the final exam. How awesome is that? Highly recommend him!
5.0 : Fred Geldon is one of the best teachers at GMU, but even he couldn't save this course from being a nightmare. CS306 is a poorly designed course: the setup is confusing, and the volume of work leaves very little time to think, or even study for other courses. It isn't Geldon's fault at all, but the CS department's fault. Great teacher, awful course.
5.0 : Fred really cares about you as a student. If you have a problem with the mock trial, feel free to talk to him and hash it out. He also cares about relevance when it comes to his lectures. He is versed in law as he is a lawyer. He is open to questions about current events or about law in general. Take him.
4.0 : The most boring class I've ever taken. Prof. Geldon is a good teacher, but he takes this 1 credit class way too seriously, so everything was painfully drawn out. Very easy class to make an A though. Just respond to discussion board posts, take a few quizzes, do two easy papers, and a take final which is easy if you paid some attention in class.
5.0 : Professor Geldon is the best for CS ethics at GMU. He makes it very obvious that he cares about his students and enjoys teaching. If you pay attention in class and respect his expectations, you should be able to do quite well. He gives pop quizzes (based off reading), so show up to class. I'd recommend him for both 105 and 306 if possible.
5.0 : Great professor, who actually enjoy teaching. He manages to make boring plain subjects interesting. The final was kind of long thou. I feel like he could make it a bit easier. Prepare your self to do a LOT OF WRITING IN his class
5.0 : excellent
5.0 : 2 homework assignments worth 15% of your grade each, graded class attendance and participation, pop quizzes, optional blackboard post for participation grades, and a final. Easy class with a good professor.
4.0 : Very nice and helpful. Does not use Blackboard or any power points for lectures.  Take notes, show up, do the reading, and you should not have any problems getting a good grade. She is also helpful with advising if you are in the Integrative Studies major. Would 100% take her again.
3.5 : She's a tough grader. She'd put check marks on certain parts and then write my score. No feedback so I didn't what I did wrong. You need to show up to class because she doesn't provide any notes, you need to write down whatever she says and sometimes she speaks too fast.  However, she was really understanding when I asked for an extension.
1.0 : No final exam, just a final group projectpaper. She is a tough grader on papers, but not quizzes.
3.0 : Stage Combat: He's great at stage combat and teaching it but I disliked taking his classes because of how abrasive he could be. Hard to tell if he was aware of it, but he would sometimes say things about students and they would just sound very disparaging. It didn't help create an atmosphere of trust, which is essential for theatre training.
1.0 : Beginners who have never acted stay away from him because he will make you feel bad. He can be a bit condescending, and rude but that is his personality. If you are struggling he does not help you rather critique you and make you feel bad. He is a nice person but he put focus on people who have experience and not beginners. I hated his class.
5.0 : He's a really nice guy. You can tell he cares a lot about the material. He expects you to participate but there's nothing too hard.
5.0 : So funny. he knows how to slip in a joke every couple minutes. He's really good at lecturing and making sure you aren't just sitting staring into space.
5.0 : LING-785 provides a solid, model-theoretic introduction to semantics via predicate calculus and lambda calculus.  7 extensive homeworks, 3 exams (two take-home plus an in-class final) and 4 short papers.  It's a lot of work, but the amount of learning you get done is wonderful.  Prof. Wulf does a superb job.  He makes learning fun, too!
3.5 : had him twice, 1st 4 Gen Ling. he is a tough prof but with sympathy for those who really try/improve. you gain so much knowledge and don't realized how much until it's over.  he's funny so sometimes that takes the edge off-but somewhat of a genius so at times his explanations go over your average head. he is beneficial and I'm glad he's there.
5.0 : His lectures are great! He knows so much about Linguistics
5.0 : Dr. Wulf is amazing. He loves Linguistics and it shows. He's funny and insightful, but I don't think his class was easy. He makes good use of his TA's, which I appreciated. He taught several topics that weren't in the books, so get your butt to class.
5.0 : Had Prof. Maiello in the Region honor band and Jesus Christ he is one of the most inspiring men I've ever met. Truly cares about his students enough to give them his email so he can write letters of recommendation. He completely built his music career from the ground and has had amazing success. Would be blessed to work with him again. amazing man
5.0 : Most wonderful and knowledgable professor in the George Mason school of music. He pushes you, but it is necessary! All you need to do is practice and go to his office hours! You won't learn anything about sight reading of you take from anyone else.
4.5 : Very organized teacher. The class itself was hard because of the material but he's the best professor to teach it. Very helpful at office hours. Weekly assignments were very challenging but definitely prepared you for the exams. I struggled through but passed with a C. He curved final grade.
4.0 : Okay bottom line: This class is really hard. But Prof. Walnut is always there to help, he holds regular office hours. And trust me, if you come to office hours regularly-he notices the effort you are putting in. It will pay off in the end.
4.0 : He knows that it's difficult material and he cuts you a lot of slack.  The class isn't easy but the professor is easy on you.
3.5 : He knows his stuff and breaks down tough concepts into a more understandable form and allows students to practice during lecture. This is calculus so the only way to pass is by doing lots of problems. He does not assign homework. The grade is comprised of 3 exams and a final. Seems like a tough grader at first but always gives some type of curve.
4.0 : Very nice guy, but this class was super hard. Flipped classroom style, which I hated. The key to pass is to go to office hours because Walnut will give lots of hints on the assignments. The tests were also straight forward and he gave lots of extra credit. He is probably the best teacher for this course
5.0 : Great teacher. He uploads online lectures, which is where some of his exam problems come from. The exams are very easy, the in-class group work (25%) is hard, and his homework (40%) is very challenging. He drops the lowest hws. My only complaint is that he took until the last few weeks to grade everything and you have to go to class to get credit
4.0 : Course topic is boring and mostly theoretical. There is a lot of time consuming readings and every class is basically discussion based so if you did the reading, might as well participate. Landsberg is nice and understanding, but she gives both exams and essays. Overall i'd say, pretty good teacher, really uninteresting class.
3.5 : This class was more interesting than I though it would be. She really helps to clarify some difficult concepts, and her daily quizzes are easy grade-boosters if you do the readings. I word of warning a lot of the movies we watched were pretty disturbing and explicit.
4.5 : This class was really, really fascinating. The readings were usually time-consuming and sometimes quite difficult, but I assure you, it was all incredibly interesting and thought-provoking. She's extremely intelligent and you will have to work, but it's so worth it in the end!
4.0 : I took the history of film as my "treat class" but I regret it. She isn't bad herself and I understand we are analyzing films for context, but we do not need to take blood from a turnip. If someone doesn't say exactly what she wants, silly questions will be drug out for an hour. It would be a much better class if it was shorter!
5.0 : Prof. Landsberg is awesome &amp; knows her stuff. People who took this class because they thought you'd only watch movies are in for a rude awakening. It teaches you to analyze films for historical content &amp; is much more interesting than just reading in a textbook. She's a fair grader.  Although relavent, I wasn't expecting the amount of reading we do.
5.0 : History at the Movies. 6 credit class, lots of reading and papers every week. Don't take if you are lazy or have heavy course load. NOT a fun, easy class. You will learn a lot and very insightful. Subject matter is emotionally challenging and some movies have disturbing imagery. Worth taking if you have the chance but you will be challenged.
3.5 : The professor herself isn't bad at all, very helpful. However the class isn't really well put together and the final paper was poorly worded and really possible to complete. At some points it gets really repetitive with what we talked about. Also the film and history didn't really work until way late in the semester not cohesive really.
1.0 : This teacher is very interesting to be around. However, the lectures given seem fitting for a separate agenda than the books that are read in class. This course consists of a lot of work that you must do on your own.
4.5 : She is a really nice lady. However, my one criticism for her would be that she grades really hard. She teaches you a certain thing, but when you write what she taught you, its not good enough. The exams themselves aren't bad, her grading is tho. Easy quizzes tho!
4.0 : She's very nice, respectful, and easy to talk to. I would have questions and she cleared things up for me. The class was a lot easier than I expected, but there is a fair amount of work you have to put in between homework and papers. I recommend her, she makes things fun and keeps lectures and discussions stimulating.
4.5 : Amazing professor to be around. Had a great selection of reading. Harsh grader.
5.0 : I honestly enjoyed attending her class. She's so sweet and really funny! her quizzes are super easy. you have to write 2 essays only, I recommend you show it to her before submitting. her midterm and final was super easy just write everything you know. Attend every class so you'd really unders2tand the material + take the quiz. take her class.
5.0 : I took this class expecting it to be a lot of reading/analysis. It was not the case, the books she chose are all diverse and truly express real life issues in the Arab World. If you speak or are of Arab descent, then def take this class. She makes it fun and exciting to go to. I will def try to get her for another class too!!!
5.0 : Most interesting class I've taken so far. Really enjoyed taking this class with her. Learned a lot.
5.0 : I was intimidated at first because I am a science major, but don't let that stop you. AMAZING CLASS. Just READ and TAKE NOTES IN CLASS! It's a discussion class, so we all just bounced theories or ideas of each other. Notes makes it a lot easier to study for your exams. She is awesome! Tough grader but it makes you want to work harder to be honest.
5.0 : Wow! For a summer gen ed class I was initially dreading, she made this class actually enjoyable. She's very clear about her expectations, just read the books, show up and participate, make sure your writing to her standards, and you're golden. She's really sweet, funny, great discussions, fair grader, and I actually learned a lot. TAKE HER.
4.0 : Overall shes a very funny, nice professor. She kind of always seems to tie everything/every book character back to some sort of sexual reference in the book.  I don't understand her references to how sex affects a character. Grades really tough. Class average on midterm was 75. Lot of reading. Expect easy common sense pop quizzes. 7.5/10
3.0 : I'm an Acct major and took most of my major classes along with this class. That was a mistake, this class is interesting but requires way too much time commitment. She is a VERY tough grader. You have to write 1 paper, you get to choose: early on in the semester or later. Have to read 8 books, not much  to circumnavigate around that, no sparknotes
5.0 : Able to give stunning tours de force summaries of the key ideas from th philosophy of Kant.
5.0 : An inspirational professor who is able to communicate the most profound ideas clearly.
2.0 : Prof does not grade like other professors. Has own standard of PERFECT, and work must meet that to get A. Worked 5 times harder in his class than other classes just to get a lower grade. Before someone says I am the problem not him: mind you I had a 4.0 going into his class. Good lecturer though. Won't be taking any more of his classes.
5.0 : Professor Kinnaman is extremely kind. He goes above and beyond to help you. He's really, really nice and is very approachable. He's very intellectual, so this means that his lectures are very stimulating. This also means that you should go to class because everything you need for his papers are in his lectures. He's so wonderful, and very nice.
5.0 : Take his courses and you'll appreciate philosophy's relevance in this world. He's very intelligent and too nice.
4.5 : Professor Kinnaman is a good teacher, he lectures every well and has a lot of knowledge on the subjects studied throughout the year. He assigns long papers(4 6-8 page papers make up your grade) and is a tough grader but he is also understanding and willing to help if you put in the work, attend class, and go to his office hours.
5.0 : He is very knowledgable about the subject and I think he does a very good job organizing and presenting the course material. I definitely recommend reading the readings before class because when he explains them in the lecture itll make infinite more sense. He is also very helpful, he assigns papers and if you go to his office hours he helps.
5.0 : He is kind of a classic Philosophy professor, treats you like an adult, so you do not have to show up in class. However, his lectures are very specific, and he wants you to learn certain concepts.  Only four papers graded out of six options. Just get them done as soon as you can, then don't have to worry.   Pay attention in class, helps with papers
3.0 : When he lectures, he isn't very engaging, despite his passion. His paper prompts are very specific; and when he grades them, he lacks explanation for edits.  If you miss class, he posts the PPT and supplements, but the lectures are KEY. READING IS REQUIRED to pass. But, try to use his direct interpretation for a good grade.
4.0 : I did find his lectures to be unclear at times, but this is perhaps a fault on my part. The best part about the professor is that he is extremely open to questions and he actively encourages his students to have a go at voicing their opinions. I also sent him excessively long emails, but he never failed to respond. He will always be there for you.
5.0 : Really great teacher that provides his students with all the help they need.  If you want a higher grade on your papers go to his office hours.  Plus he's the only professor I've ever met that tells me what my grade on a draft. Overall if you understand the concepts and take good notes in class you should end up with a great ranging from A to a B
5.0 : He's the Philosophy Chair and for good reason. Very intellectually stimulating and knows exactly what he is talking about. DONT MAKE A FOOL OF YOURSELF IN CLASS. Talk if you can communicate the material, if not, sit down, shut up and take good notes. Lecture notes are CRUCIAL in paper writing. WRITE THE FIRST FOUR PAPERS SO YOU CAN BE DONE EARLY!!!
4.0 : I didn't think I'd like Ecology, but Rockwood made it fun. He'd do these awkward, sarcastic jokes every so often..and I'm pretty sure I was the only one laughing in the audience, but hey..that's what you get at 9 in the morning. His tests are straightforward. Shoutout to Sam Oester, the best Eco Evo TA ever! She's tough as nails, but worth it.
2.5 : If you have to take BIOL 308, TAKE IT WITH CRERAR. She subbed our class one day and was so direct and straightforward in her lectures about what to know and what would be on the exam. Rockwood spends ages on graphs (which hardly ever show up on exams) and basically skips over the definitions you need to know for the exam. Exams are crazy specific
1.0 : No extra credit opportunities. This class is boring. Try harder in lab its not going to help bump up your lecture grade. Awk relationship with Crerar.
4.0 : Professor Rabin is very nice. She is always willing to listen and be flexible with any deadlines if you have a good reason.
5.0 : Rabin is a wonderful professor and is so passionate about teaching. For non-native speakers, she's incredibly encouraging and values the participation of all students. She communicates often and the work load assigned each week was very practical. She provides a rubric explaining grading criteria which helps students to know what to improve upon.
5.0 : lectures help a bit with the papers you have to write around a certain film topic. she is very knowledgeable, so ask for feedback. book is used a couple times for assignments. do assignments for class because the movies are 1-2hrs long. doesn't penalize that much for late assignments, but papers are different.
5.0 : I loved having Prof. Rabin for Span 370. She is caring, understanding, and good teacher. There are a lot of easy homework points and she's fair on grading her tests. If you can, definitely take Rabin for any upper level Spanish class!
1.0 : If you are serious about improving your Spanish, this is not the professor. She has a HEAVY american accent that takes weeks to get used to. There is no structure to the class. She is all over the place. She is also very very nice and cares a lot about her students. If you can get past her accent and challenge YOURSELF, then go for it.
5.0 : Profesora Rabin really loves to teach and it shows in her classes. I am not the best Spanish speaker but she helped me by really reviewing my papers thoroughly so I could really learn a lot. She always has so much energy and AMAZING style. There is an online book which i recommend bc you don't use it often. 5 compositions and supersite homework
4.5 : Go professor, essay class. 3 test and they were essay but she is very hard at grading them.
5.0 : He is an incredible teacher! He makes class interesting, and never fails to provide real life examples that pertain to the course! My favorite course so far at Mason! Take him, you won't regret it :)
4.5 : You will have to work for this class, not an easy A. Lots of projects. Hard grader but you will learn a lot. Final exam is take home and consists of essay questions.I agree, the final exam may bring your grade down if you do not produce your best work so do well on projects and you will do fine. Take this class if you want to expand your skills.
4.0 : Very interesting class that should be required for every major. Lots of homework assignments, papers and a projectpaper. The midterm was not easy, but if you study you'll be okay. The fimal is 12 in class and 12 take home. Overall, not an easy A (or even B), but if you do the work and put in the time, you'll pass!
4.0 : Easily one of the best professors at Mason. Definitely expects a lot from his students and assigns work almost every class. Exams are very long, but he tells you exactly what is on them in advance. Class is laid back and he makes the material is interesting. Take this course if you are interested in the subject- you won't regret it!
4.5 : James Trefil is a badass. I took him for PHYS122/PHYS123. His lectures are relatively clear and easy to understand. The assessments are short and easy to study for AS LONG AS you take notes (I studied the morning of for each and got A-'s). Easy grader as long as you demonstrate you know most of the material. He's funny and a sweetheart. Take him!
4.0 : Professor is very knowledgeable in a lot of areas.  Great interdisciplinary course.
4.0 : He is one of the sweetest professors I've had thus far. I had him for a 3 hr, once a week class and the only time we ever stayed the whole time was during presentations, other than that we were in there four about an hour (sweet!). He's a really easy grader, no tests, 2 group pres. that were really easy, final paper, 2 minor assignments.
5.0 : Dr. Treifl is undoubtedly one of the most intelligent people I have ever met. He loves physics and really enjoys to talk about it. I go see him just to talk about the recent developments in physics because he has so many interesting opinions and insight to offer! Love him.
4.5 : Really nice and chill. Wants everyone to do well. His lectures are really interesting--even for a non-sciencey person like me! It was a block class but we always got out at least an hour early. Midterm and final were just short answers. Not hard. There was also a group project. He worked individually with each group each week. I'd take again.
4.5 : Dr. Trefil is one of my favorite professors I have had so far. He is incredibly understanding, moves at a good pace for the class and really cares about you doing well as an individual student. He clearly likes teaching and is good at it. Going to class is very important for passing exams, which are not hard to pass if you do go. Super sweet guy.
3.5 : Assignments were very manageable - light readings, a paper, and two exams. Lectures were long, but we usually got out early. The group project wasn't so bad, honestly. I did feel like he needed to be more specific about grading criteria, though. I had no idea how my grade was calculated. All in all, decent course, but would not take him again.
5.0 : I'll always remember two classes from Mason: this one, and an art history class/architecture class. Really interesting material, and Prof Coyne has a real handle on the issues at hand and can clearly connect them to economic principles. This course was highly condensed though; be prepared to do a lot of short papers and readings. Strongly recommend
4.0 : Kelly is a great photography professor. She gave us fun assignments , and  I learned a lot from this class. Overall I recommend
5.0 : Fantastic professor, she's understanding, caring, all the best things you could want in a professor. Really the only thing you need to do is show up, do the homework, it might seem like alot but once you get started you just think "wow that was fast"  if you have a passion for art editing will be a breeze even if you don't. great class great prof.
5.0 : I love her! She is very laid back and supports her students! Very helpful! She is a tough grader, but if you put in good effort in your work, you will get a good grade!
5.0 : Prof. Kelly was a sweet professor and I really enjoyed her class. She gives great feedback. Her class is pretty laid back and as long as you put effort into your photography, you'll get an A.
5.0 : She was not a teacher. She was more of a mentor. Her Intro Photo class helped me survive through my job as a second wedding shooter. Critique assignments helped me explore my potential in Photoshop, now I feel confident about my skill. She always offered good advises. If you are actually willing to put some effort, take her class.
5.0 : Professor was very helpful throughout class. Gave assignment criteria well before assignments would be due so you knew exactly what was expected. You can only miss 3 classes for the entire semester. You need a DSLR camera for the class but the department has a couple for rent. Overall it was a great experience. Would definitely take class again.
5.0 : Kelly is one of my favorite art professors.  You definitely have to put in the work and do all your edits if you want an A, but she is really all about you doing your own thing and finding meaning in your work.  Super funny once you get to know her, and she really cares about the success of her students.  Would definitely take her again!
5.0 : Dr. Gerleman is the best professor I have ever had. He is so enthusiastic when he teaches, I always feel smarter after I leave class. The tests are in a variety of different formats which I really appreciate. Be sure to attend classes as he takes attendance for a grade, but I would sincerely never dream of skipping his class. Truly the best prof.
2.0 : If you don't like history don't take this class. there is too much information for you to remember for each test. every class is extremely heavy in lecture and a lot of information in one class. be sure to read the textbook and the glossary it will help.
5.0 : You should expect to participate in this class.   It is definitely a hands on class.  You will be working with other students, speaking in front of the class.  Show up for every class with water.   Show up on the last day of class!
5.0 : Super sweet and gives a lot of "bonus points." If you don't pass with an A you need to re-evaluate your life tbh.
5.0 : Prof Suarez is so amazing that everyone at GMU should be required to take her class. She is SO helpful and genuinely cares about each and every person in her class. She is truly passionate about her subject and her role as a teacher. Can not say enough great things about her. TAKE THIS CLASS.
5.0 : The bare minimum will get you an A. Showing up to class with water literally gives you bonus points. Hot teacher. Easy teacher. Take it for an easy A, and to learn some cool stuff pronunciation
5.0 : Kaiulani is the ultimate acting teacher at Mason. She only teaches in the spring which is too bad, but if you're a actor you need to take her class. Her wealth of experience and her passion for teaching helped everyone who wanted to improve to grow. Show up and work hard, this class will pay dividends.
5.0 : Loved this class! First acting class I ever took and it was amazing!
5.0 : Kaiulani is such an inspirational woman. She encourages you to come out of your shell and "be private in public". Even if you aren't into acting, you will enjoy this class. It's very laid back, and it's a lot of fun! I wish we did more performances, but overall, I highly recommend her. She only teaches in the spring though, so take it in spring!
5.0 : A wonderful actress and an inspiring teacher. Has great stories and even better advice. She'll work with you to help you reach your full potential. Doesn't like it when people are late of course, so be sure to attend every class and be on time. Acting exercises are fun and helpful. She is just the coolest.
2.0 : Easy class, dull lecture ( went to about 3).. all exams were terms straight from the book. Professor was nice, but kind of dull.
5.0 : Werber is a great guy and a great teacher. Lectures can get a bit dry sometimes, but he's an interesting speaker and shows informative videos. Topics are fairly engaging, so it's worth it to show up to lectures even though you really don't need to. Goes over every question that will be on the test, so show up for review days. All in all, very good.
3.5 : I thought his class was pretty fun. It was my first Psychology class, so I was new to the material. But he made it easier for people to understand!
4.5 : Best 108 teacher at Mason, especially if you suck at math &amp; have never taken calculus in your life. He really cares about his students doing well &amp; passing. Make sure you complete the assigned HW, it really helps to practice for the exams. I really didn't think I would pass this class bc it's so confusing but with O'Beirne, I did! Highly recommend
5.0 : Professor O'beirne (pronounced O-Burn) is one of the Best and most fair math professors at Mason. His lectures are extremely clear, and he tells you exactly what to expect on the exams. I am serious, there are no surprise questions on the exams. You will leave class understanding the material. You are stupid if you do not take him!
5.0 : One of the best professors in GMU. You are going to learn a lot about actuarial mathematics.
4.5 : O-burn is a really nice professor. He seems to really understand the content and every now and then he gives an interesting fact about the topic. The exams can be hard sometimes, but he is a fair grader. As long as you go to class, take notes, pay attention to class examples and fully understand then, you will be fine.
4.0 : If you haven't taken calculus at least once in your life i really recommend taking his class. He explains concepts better than my calculus teacher in calculus. While the homework assignments are graded they are essential to doing well on the tests. There are four tests and he drops the lowest and there are no quizzes.
4.5 : Loved this professor.. he reminds me of Walter White for some reason lol. He's very clear. He grades exams very fast. 3 tests, he drops the lowest one and then the final. He doesn't teach you what you don't need. Take good notes and study and you'll get a good grade. Probably the best MATH 108 professor.
3.0 : He was definitely an easy A, but I was hoping to get more out of the class. I don't feel like I learned anything from this course. He's a good speaker/lecturer, able to keep it entertaining. Short, weekly quizzes based off textbook reading and 2 group presentations.
4.5 : Great Class! I took this class in Mason Korea and Dr. Walsch was so resourceful. We were a small class and able to work closely with the Mason Korea PR team. He is dedicated to teaching and challenging students to do their best.
4.0 : I had the opportunity to take COMM 330 with Dr. Walsch at Mason Korea. He was a fantastic professor and easy to get along with. He thinks of ways to teach students useful information while making class interesting. Our class was very small and personal which made the experience even better.
5.0 : All his exams were easy as long as you attend the class and read the book. He reviews all the information you will find on the quiz in class without necessarily saying this will be on the quiz. So definetly go to class. He provides extra credit which is huge. If you are concerned about your grade talk with him, he is very understanding.
4.5 : Dr. Walsch is the best professor I have had to date. His humour and warm kindness make you WANT to participate in class. I was actually sad when I had to miss a session, and I was eager to go back the following week. He teaches you about communication from his real-world experience, which is unparalleled in any textbook out there. BEST class ever.
4.0 : Dr. Walsch is a great guy. It's really obvious he cares about his students and wants to see them do well. He's also king of "dad humor." He's super laid back in class, so his grading can catch you off guard because it's a little stiff and he expects you to know your stuff by exam time. I hope I have him again.
5.0 : Really nice guy! Cares about his students and their personal lives. Would not have made it through the semester had it not been for him. Have experience in the field of PR being that he use to be the PR director for George Mason. Highly Recommend taking his class. Like to use corny jokes that are actually funny too!
5.0 : Dr. Cattaneo is one of the best professors I have had! Highly recommended, she's caring and this class is an eye opener community engagement was an amazing experience and I'm so happy I was a part of it. She's passionate and cares about everyone of her students. She's a fair grader and enjoys her work. Good luck!
5.0 : Attendance is mandotary bc she gives quizzes every week. She will tell you the answer on quizzes if you just ask her. Ended up with a "B." Go to laboratory bc it is a grade booster. Failed the midterm bc I did not study. Luckily did well on the final. Website project was difficult/ took hours to do. Could have gotten an "A" if I was more serious
5.0 : She does a good job at explaining basic IT fundamentals using non-IT examples and it works. Her exams are relatively easy, although there will be 2-3 questions that were not covered at all. However, there is a slight curve so that makes up for it. Her quizzes are very easy and she sometimes will just give out answers, so make sure you come to class
3.0 : I could go on about the textbook thing. But Google her name and you'll find a Washington Post article about it all. Instead I'm just going to say the material she covers is highly antiquated (seems like by at least a decade.) It's hard because little of the stuff taught is used anymore. Mason should be much more aware in what students are learning.
2.5 : She is not bad and she is not great. Her class was pretty easy but the lab was absolutely the worst. The material is out of date and the lab teacher was horrible so it made doing the lab assignments very difficult. She was not good at giving sufficient feedback on the paper. This class was 'eh.'
4.0 : very clear-cut, tells you exactly what to do and sets you up for success. Gives pop quizes so show up to class, but she gives "group quizzes" so the whole class takes it together and she told us if we're wrong. the rest of the class is so easy i didnt study for the midterm. big mistake, but if you study enough youll pass it easily. take if you can!
4.5 : Aside from the stupid useless expensive book that they make you buy but never use, this class is a great gpa booster and very easy. If you know very little about computers you should be fine. She is extremely easy. TAKE HER!!
5.0 : For a class I knew nothing about, she was the best and so was her lab pairing Prof Nagyal.  What a smiley nice guy who is patient and helpful.  Put in your best effort, even if it is not perfect, come to class, it won't go unnoticed and you'll do much better than you thought.
5.0 : Kammy was awesome and understanding! Randomly gives quizzes for attendance, but usually gives all the answers. Minimal work outside of class for reviewing material since material is easily understandable. Annoying projects (the website in particular) but overall very easy A. She was good about returning emails and explained concepts well. Take her
3.5 : Easy but gives quizzes in class randomly for attendance
4.5 : She's the best IT teacher you should always take her and professor Nagyal for lab.  She's helpful and clear, if you show up you will get an A with some light work outside of class.
5.0 : Kammy is super nice and accommodating.  Show up to class and you'll be fine.  She gives you all the answers on quizzes.  There's a research paper, exams, and website project that requires the most effort and time.  Everything else is pretty easy.  I barely touched the textbook but is required for the online access code---a total rip off.
1.0 : Worst organized class I have ever taken. Graded assignments took weeks to come back, the required software slowed down my computer and caused my antivirus software to go ballistic.  For the first 4 weeks of class, the software was down. Emails were never returned. Very expensive textbook is required for a code and, conveniently, she's the author.
5.0 : Although she gives quizzes, a research paper, and you have to learn how to make a website, she is by far the easiest IT teacher out there. Take her if you know little to nothing about computers and as long as you try you will do well. For the research paper she is very generous and makes sure you are on top of it, for she gives "deadlines".
5.0 : BEST Professor at Mason. She gives out the answers to quizzes in class. She genuinely cares about her students and gives quite a few extra credit opportunities. Highly Recommended.
4.0 : Very passionate &amp; enthusiastic about his work, but the course itself was a bit dry. His essay prompts are open ended and actually fun to write, and he gives great comments on student work. I think in a higher level course he would be a great.
4.0 : Definitely need to show up to class and sign in at least. Lectures are long and boring but this course is so easy. All you have to do is show up and turn in the online assignments. Super easy, take it.
2.0 : The definition of "okay." Had him for the "fields of english" class, which is an intro to higher-level english. He didn't test on his lectures and the only assignments were a handful super-short essays scattered throughout the semester. His class was a requirement for the major, though, so bring a book or some homework to do while he talks.
3.0 : This is a mandatory class for English majors. LARGE lecture hall, 150+ students. He refused to use a microphone - so hearing was often difficult. The class was boring and not difficult, but you had to attend, so bring something to do.
4.0 : This was one of my favorite classes. Professor Eisner loves what he teaches and it shows; he is always willing to help if you need it. Participation will only make him like you more. His assignments were straightforward and he tries to make class as enjoyable as he can.
5.0 : Professor Eisner is great! Gives good feedback and helped me become a better reader! Despite the large class size, he is there to help every student be the best version of them self. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Took this class in a large lecture hall and he didn't use the microphone, so it was hard to understand everything. Attendance is required, so maybe bring something else to work on (especially if it's the 3 hour class)? Assignments were really easy, and we had some fun discussions, but overall it was a little boring.
5.0 : Professor Eisner is just about the nicest professor at GMU. He's the definition of encouraging; this has the added benefit of making you want to work as hard as you can to deserve it. A great teacher to take if you are shy, as he works to make every student feel welcome and respected. Excellent, excellent, excellent--I highly recommend!
4.0 : Professor Eisner is a neat guy. He definitely makes the information enjoyable. He is a fair grader and gives good feedback.
3.0 : Essay topics are confusing, do not know what he really wants. His grading  is difficult, once you get a certain grade for one assignment most likely that will be the same grade you get for every other assignment.  Very very slow talker.
5.0 : Prof. Eisner is a kind, patient man and great teacher. He is genuinely interested not only in what he teaches but also in your success as a student. Could not ask for a better professor.
5.0 : I usually DREAD online courses, and struggle to actually remain enrolled throughout the semester. Professor Eisner was WONDERFUL at laying out what was to be expected of us as students in the syllabus as well as emailing us each week to remind us. His class wasn't "easy" but it wasn't extremely hard. If you need an online English course, TAKE HIM!
5.0 : I just finished his online summer course. He is a fantastic teacher. He provides a ton of great feedback and he is so friendly. If I had to take another engh class, I would definitely take him. My only caution is that it is ALOT of work, so if you have a family and/or work full time, the summer course can be really stressful.
5.0 : Eisner is great! Super helpful, and very willing to help you do well. His online course was very well planned out and there were enough assignments so that you didn't have to do every single one in order to do well. I'd definitely recommend!
4.5 : Favorite professor I have had. Very shy and sweet, yet absolutely brilliant. Not the most organized, but discussions and excellent and I have never felt more respected as a human being that is not just another student. Put in the work, take it seriously, he is very willing to help with whatever you need. Great guy, take a class with him, esp poetry
3.0 : He is soft-spoken, talks in a large lecture hall, and refuses to use a microphone. Unless you're in the front 1/4 of the room, you can't hear him. Not that you need to... as long as you show up to sign in and participate in the (very low-key) group projects it's an easy A. Lots of guest speakers.
1.0 : If you want to learn something, don't take this prof. Admittedly, not much to learn in 301 anyway. Papers are short; you basically get a 100 if you do them. A lot of guest speakers, but you PRAY they talk long b/c once he takes over, he says "um" at least 15x a sentence. It. Is. Agonizing. He rambles &amp; has no authority over a lecture hall. Avoid.
3.0 : ENGH301 alone is a very boring class, and Professor Eisner is nice, but he made the class even more boring. The class isn't necessarily mandatory but he does have sign in sheets. It's an easy A as long as you do the work (and there isn't much anyways). He doesn't use a microphone, so you can't really hear him.
4.0 : Eisner knows so much about his specialty, poetry from Romantic era. Cool &amp; quirky guy. This class was super helpful for understanding poetry. If you love poetry, you gotta take this class. DON'T take this class if you're not willing to read all the readings the night before, or you'll be lost in class discussions. Read, talk, and read more!
5.0 : This is a research-level class that consists entirely of reading and commenting on journal articles.  Almost all articles focus on a single, foundational syntax topic and its development over time:  predication (other articles explore Chomsky's minimalist program).  One take home exam, three papers.  Class participation is MANDATORY.
5.0 : Outstanding instructor!  Very approachable, exceptionally knowledgeable, clear explanations.  Exams will make you think, but they're take-home.  One semester paper--which definitely requires work--but he permits you to raise your grade on it by rewriting it.  You'll require focus and dedication in 786, but this class is worth it.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER. TAKE HER. SHE IS SO NICE. Door is always open for student. Gives great feedback. Always willing to help as long as students ask for it. Fair grader.  (MBTI: definitely an F)
4.0 : The class itself is easy. Show up most of the time and you will be ok. Take some notes during the guest presentations and during major lectures. She is a strict grader, which doesn't make sense for a ENGH 301 class - and as a English major, I would probably still take her again because her papers have short and simple requirements.
5.0 : Do all the reading. There's a lot of writing. Take notes. Take all kinds of notes because you will need them. Don't miss class. At least try not to because you will miss essential  discussions based on readings. The readings are easy. The essays are not long. There are two exams. YOU WILL NEED YOUR NOTES BECAUSE YOU WILL USE THEM TO STUDY.
5.0 : She is very, very, very sweet.  She makes the subject very interesting! I wasn't at all interested in it and she made it seem very intriguing. She's genuinely interested in what students have to say and how they interpret a text. She encourages thinking. She's a somewhat a hard grader, but it's certainly possible to get an A.
3.5 : In general, this course doesn't require much writing. Her lectures are to the point and fairly easy to follow.
4.5 : Professor Samuelian is an excellent teacher.  She clearly defines assignments and provides specific feedback that, when addressed, leads to a better grade.  You need to attend class for this course in particular for peer-review exercises, and to get credit for the class participation grade.
5.0 : Super nice and very helpful! Class is fairly easy as long as you try hard and focus on doing good work. Some guest lectures are a bit boring, but others are very interesting and the class discussions are interesting. Easy to know what she wants from papers. Very approachable and accommodating.
3.0 : As an English Major, the 301 class I took with her was unnecessarily complicated. Yes, take notes all the time, you will use them for essays/tests; but she is a very strict grader, which is not right for a 301 class. However, she is nice, and is aware of when us students get bored or tired from lectures.
5.0 : Class was mostly discussion-based, but Prof. Samuelian doesn't expect certain answers and encourages people to voice their own opinions. A lot of reading and writing (6 essays, 2 of which are 7 pages), so not an easy A. Would go out of my way to take her classes in the future!
4.0 : I took this class on summer (it lasted 1 12 month) while working full time and it was very intense. There is a lot of reading and around 9-11 discussion boards per week. Because she requires you to collect ALL the figurative language of the book,  I recommend you to buy the kindle version so you can copy and paste all the FL -waste of time assign.
4.0 : There is a lot of work in this class. Every week (Sunday -Saturday) you have X amount of homework, which is a lot, and the last week, which only lasts 3 days (Sunday-Tuesday) you have more homework than the previous weeks, which makes you do everything in a rush and of course loose points because the quality of the homework is not what she expects.
5.0 : VERY GOOD PROFESSOR HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Lots of reading to do from the book but that should be expected for a Literature class. very fair and helpful professor. all assignments were clear. quizzes are hard but she provides plenty of opportunities to earn points back through group discussion and various assignments.
2.0 : Dr. Christensen is a brilliant researcher, but she really does not belong in the classroom setting anymore. Likes to drift off subject, makes the class teach. I've taken her twice now. Studied for 7 hours and read multiple analyses and failed her test. Tests character names, not subject. I'm a Russian Studies major and I struggled. Taught myself.
2.0 : Dr. Christensen is very knowledgable about Russian literature and culture, but she is ineffective conveying this knowledge to other students. Lectures are oftentimes insubstantial and disorganized, and students' questions normally go unanswered. Disappointed about this class. She admits you won't get full credit on quizzes. Don't take class w/ her.
3.0 : Prof. Chang is very organized with the schedule, but his lectures are sometimes cut short because he tries so hard to get a point across. There's a short pop-quiz, but most of the grading is papers related to the readings. The lectures aren't bad, but he sometimes drags the same thing on for half an hour.
4.5 : He's very passionate and smart. A great, silly guy and highly recommended for HIST majors or history buffs. But if you want an easy elective I would avoid him, he expects a lot from you. Heavy reading and writing assignments can be expected. I like him but wish Id picked someone easier cus his class will be my lowest grade this semester.
3.5 : Dr. Chang is a really nice professor, and is funny. However, when it comes to assignments, he wants it done in a specific way. If you don't do the assignment in the way he wants you to, points are taken off. Also, he tends to go over the class time every class period, and if you have a class immediately afterwards, keep in mind that you'll be late.
3.0 : Obviously knows his stuff but is also very condescending. I want to enjoy his lectures but he always ends up scolding the class and ruining it if things dont go exactly his way. Two papers graded meticulously, tougher than some english teachers and one take home exam at end of semester. ALWAYS runs over class time due to time spent scolding class.
5.0 : Dr. Chang is a pretty easy grader, but he expects a lot. Three 5-page papers + a final 10-page paper assignment. Assigns about 50 pages of reading per lesson. I'm not sure if I'd recommend him if you're not a history major. Nonetheless, I found him to be captivating, well-read, inspiring lecturer who brought out the best in me.
5.0 : I enjoyed Dr. Chang's lectures so much that I wish I could be friends with him? He's truly an intellectual powerhouse. As long as you have a respect for Chinese culture and do not enter his class expecting to have all of your biases confirmed, you will do just fine.
4.0 : A very good professor, who know ALOT about Chinese history so you can't challenge him. His lectures never failed to run over time. Good thing my next class was next door or I would have been late every day. There are 3 books that you have to read in order to do the papers. His papers are usually shaped so that you have to read the book entirely.
2.5 : He's very knowledgeable and a nice guy, but his lectures are very disorganized and he gets off topic all the time.  An entire class was wasted arguing over political stuff that had nothing to do with China.  The readings are beyond boring, and I normally like to read...  Essay assignments are kinda confusing, too.
3.0 : This guy is funny and very intellectual. He has 4 papers based on the readings. He does tend to go over class time which bugs me. I wouldnt take him again.
3.0 : He is a an extremely knowledgable professor about Chinese history and attempts to help students critically think. Class is difficult due to his grading scale and assigned texts. Jotting down notes that he discusses about the assigned texts can be critical in doing well on papers. Good professor, but material assigned is challenging. No tests.
1.5 : Avoid this professor.  Classes should be online.
3.5 : Be prepare to spend time on your homework. HW are very long but easy. Don't be afraid of asking questions. He is always available by email. He is very responsive. Good sense of humor. Lot of knowledge in the topic, plus is well know in the business.  Read the book before attending the class it will help with the material.
5.0 : A real practical guy. He has lots of experience in the private sector and it shows. I got a real sense of mutual respect between him and his students. He definitely know what he is talking about. Homework can be tough and lengthy, but it helps prepare you for his exams. Take him if at all possible.
5.0 : great teacher,, take him for 442 or 440
5.0 : DR Binning Is amazing, ive had him for CEIE 230 ( hydraulics) and CEIE 442 and 440. really chill, explains everything really well. He starts off every class with a funny presentation of stuff thats not relevant to that days class
5.0 : Absolutely fantastic.
4.5 : I took him for Hydraulics and he was a great professor. When he grades exams he gives you carry over errors which maximize the credit you earn. Definitely take him if you get the chance.
5.0 : Professor Binning is an amazing teacher. His classes are lots of fun. His exams are fair. If you do the homework and study a reasonable amount you'll be fine.
5.0 : His class was very straightforward, and is very specific on what he expects from you. If you follow everything, you'll do great. And he has a great sense of humor.
5.0 : The textbook is written by him so it is very specific to what is required of each assignment.  He has his own language that he uses a lot but he provides a glossary for you lol. He is very nice and I got A's on almost everything. A couple tests that were pretty easy.
5.0 : His is very straightforward when it comes to what he expects you to learn. If you follow everything, you'll do great. He also has a great sense of humor.
4.5 : Dr. Humbertson's class is very easy and straightforward. Just do the assignments and accept feedback on rough drafts &amp; you'll do well on papers. The course is centered around looking for resources related to your field of choice/study &amp; writing about them,&amp; every assignment leads up to the next. Tests were short, just pay attention! Kind professor!
4.5 : Funny guy, straight forwards on what he wants in papers.  Papers should be clear, concise, precise and coherent. Would highly recommend.
3.0 : Wonderful professor, he has a great sense of humor. I would definitely  recommend him for everyone to take him.  Come to class pay attention easy A ! TAKE HIM!!!
3.0 : He's a strict grader, but gives feedback that you can earn half credit back for. He has his own lingo, and don't be fooled- this English class isn't like the ones in high school. He wasn't you to be clear, concise, and precise. Get used to these words because he will say them every class. All assignments build upon the last, very relevant material
4.0 : Professor Gillespie is a good professor. The lecture was really boring and un-engaging. Take advantage of the extra credit opportunities that is offered and homework.
4.5 : Take him for all ECON if you can. Exams are not bad and he allows you to bring 1 page of notes with anything you want on it, front and back. This really helped prepare for exams, which consists of material that was clearly covered in class. Took Rustici and I never wanted to talk about economics again, Gillespie got me to like economics again.
3.5 : He is a really nice professor and will do everything to help you. His lecture notes are great and there are tons of opportunities for extra credit. Get his textbook if you want to do well. Lectures are long though but clear. I would recommend him.
4.5 : He wrote the textbook and it is amazing, its super simple and dumbed down and the tests are sometimes word for word off of it. His lectures are long and boring but that's not his fault, its Econ. He does little things to make it interesting, he's a wonderful professor! Tests are tough but he drops the lowest and there are only 2 homework grades.
5.0 : He gives you everything you need to pass. The only way you'll fail is if your too lazy to read the notes he post online for you.
4.0 : If you read the text book chapters and go to class you will pass. Good lectures, gets to the point with clarity. Only 2 homework assignments for the semester. Offers help and extra credit
4.0 : Really easy class. Read the textbook and take notes. Theres 5 exams, 2 homework assignments and a final.
2.5 : SUCH A BORING PROFESSOR! HE IS ALSO ADJUNCT SO HE IS NOT HELPFUL OUTSIDE OF CLASS UNLESS YOU WANT TO GO TO RESTON TO HIS OFFICE. HE DOES NOT MAKE THE TOPIC FUN OR EASY TO UNDERSTAND OR ANYTHING. he is an OK professor but i can not express how boring he is!! ugh I honestly wish that I did not take him, I don't recommend.
4.0 : This guy is the goat! U don't need to go to class, just get the book and read it. I only went for exams and got an A-. There are 5 exams (drops the lowest) and 2 hws, both super easy. The final is cumulative but he uses q's from the 5 exams so just memorize them. Allows a cheat sheet and curves your grade! Best Econ prof. I've had so far!
3.5 : Here it is. Exams are hard, but he allows a cheat sheet. 21% Homework over 10 chances, top 3 grades are taken. 20% pop quizzes around 9 chances (some are take home) top 4 are taken. 24% midterm 35% Final. The professor is a bit boring. He gives out notes for every lecture. READ THE BOOK. A lot of extra credit. He curves. You need to study.
4.0 : Super easy, recommend him for taking ECON104
4.0 : He's a great professor. Allows you to use notes on all of his exams so take advantage of it. Really easy class if you put the effort into it. Buying the textbook is a must for the class.
4.0 : He's a good professor, definitely knows his economics. Lectures are kind of boring, but not too bad. His class consisted of 5 exams (drops lowest grade and curves) and 1 final. Everything is based off of his textbook and his lectures. Go to class and read the book and you'll be good.
4.0 : He is a really friendly professor! Drops the lowest test grade and allows one page of notes on every exam, including the final! But read the book, it has lots of good information and it is useful to know for the future.
4.0 : Went to class 3 times read the textbook and passed. There's 2 homework questions. you get to choose from 4 prompts for each and write maybe a paragraph. 5 tests and he drops the lowest score.
3.0 : 2 exams, 5 homework assignments, some pop quizzes (though he counts for only 5 I believe) and 3 experiments. Lectures can be dry, but overall he's a cool dude. You need to buy the book though in order to do the homework, and the book itself is useful. Try to go to class as much as possible though, I didn't and I ended up getting a B in the class.
5.0 : Allows a cheat sheet for the midterm and final.
5.0 : There are 8 home work assignments and he only counts the two highest grades. So not all homework's are required to do. The two exams, midterm and final he allows a page of notes. You NEED the book. Even if you don't go to lecture much, STUDY his book and make notes for exams and its not too difficult to pass. Some extra credit, it's easy.
2.5 : This year he's  published his own textbook (reasonably priced) which is required to understand the material. His lecture outlines are too sparse and lecture material too complex to follow otherwise. Pop quizzes are tough, to even get four good grades you have to review before each class like its the midterm or final. He regularly curves his tests.
5.0 : He is passionate and knowledgeable; he's been teaching for a while and he studied under TWO Nobel laureates. I thought he would be a GMU Austrian guy, but he seems more like a Chicago school guy. His class notes are AWESOME. The way he grades is very generous, top 3 quizzes, top 3 homeworks. You'll be fine if put a it of work into it.
3.0 : Gillespie is a good professor to have if you are looking for a clear-cut class for a requirement. He is not a passionate professor like many other economic professors at George Mason; however, his teaching style is to the point and is easy to learn. The two exams in the class are curved and there is extra credit that is highly recommended.
5.0 : SO many extra credit opportunities, only 2 HW assignments that are mandatory and are listed on his website in advanced, 1 midterm and 1 final. There's usually quizzes every or every other class but super easy and about 5-10 questions. I only missed his class twice but if you go he'll announce extra credit and also posts on website.
4.0 : Liked him! Although he's lectures make me sleepy, he is a very good person! He's caring and thoughtful, with big smiles every time I talked to him. Handling a 200-student class is not easy, but I think he did it just fine! He gives out multiple extra credit opportunities, and he curves the exams--Super easy A!
2.5 : I would not recommend, his lectures are extremely dry and half the time he references the book he wrote which is more helpful than he is. I learned too late that you want to copy the practice exam on to your note sheet, some questions are word-for-word. Extremely wordy professor and doesn't get to the point. Do all extra credit opportunities!
5.0 : He is amazing professor in GMU. I've never met this kind of professor before. Amazing lectures and lots of extra credits, you can easily get A+, but if you skip some classes probably A or A-. Again he is amazing professor and p.s. don't take his desk or he will be crying.
4.0 : Professor Gillespie is a great professor overall, but with that being said he tends to be a very dry lecturer. To be completely honest a lot of my time in lecture was spent with me studying for other courses. Basically make sure you go to class for the quizzes &amp; prepare a great note sheet for the exams. You will most likely get an A.
2.5 : If you want to learn anything about economics do not take his class. His lectures are very boring and half of the time no one is paying attention so you can barely even hear what he is saying. He gives a lot of homework and quiz options which is needed because his midterm and final are extremely hard. He's a nice person but not a great professor.
4.5 : Shortle is incredibly fair. Exam questions are very similar to assigned homework. He explains things very thoroughly so going to class is helpful. Generous curve applied to all exams and your final course grade. The material itself is not easy, so be prepared to combine material from calculus, differential equations, and physics into one course.
3.0 : SYST 320 will be the hardest class you will ever take, not because of the material but because of how complicated the professor makes it. He gives HWs every week and each take at least 3 hours. His exams are tough, even with a HUGE curve the average was 74. Get ready to work as see your GPA free fall.
5.0 : Best teacher at the SEOR department at GMU
5.0 : Professor Shortle is great. His lectures are to the point and explains them in a way that makes the material easy to understand. He's really helpful if you go to his office hours. He can be a pretty tough grader but his exams are literally the same as the homework.
2.0 : This class is a good example of whats wrong with mason IT coordinators. Tons of errors on text, HW examples. Too much material to cover in the length of the course and test are extremely difficult. Best example I can give you is: imagine learning 2+2 4 in class and then HW and test are asking you what is the density and circumference of the sun.
5.0 : Prof. Vito is one the best IT professor that GMU has. For the comment below I would like to mention that Prof. Vito is not the one who is preparing HW, quizez, or any other material for this course. Everything been take care by the director of the group! Vito is very very helpful and cares about his students.
5.0 : The greatest professor for IT 102! I was retaking the course, and he was hands down the best person to take. Always willing to help you during his office hours. Is truly an amazing professor. This class is very challenging. Take him if you can. He can teach very well, better than the other instructors who offer this terrible course.
5.0 : Great teacher, took him last semester and he goes out of this way to help you. First half of the semester is easy, but it gets hard in the later half. He gives you alot of partial credit if you show ur work on the tests. Take him. Final is pretty tough, however just do the homework's and understand them.  If you show your trying, he'll help you.
5.0 : Vito not only is a great guy but a great teacher.  He's funny and great help when asked a question. BUT! he has no control over the course. The course is entirely ran by John Bono who is a newbie at his job and has only been doing it for a year or 2. John Bono makes this class horrible and is such a displeasure to deal with.
1.0 : I registered for his class 2 weeks into school because of snow.  I had been on the waiting list for IT 102 for about a month then someone dropped his course the last hour before the registration deadline.  He gave me 3 days to makeup Module 1 and 2 and to complete module 3. He wouldn't listen to the fact that I  work 25hr and take 5 classes.
4.5 : He was one of the nicest professor I have ever had at mason. He actually cares about his students and wants them to pass. Exams are tough but he is not at fault because he doesn't create them. One good thing about is that he grades your midterm and final so if you ask questions and get help from him before or after class he will remember you :)
4.0 : Vito was the best professor for IT 106 i wish he would teach IT 206!!!
5.0 : She's so sweet. She grades and emails back so fast. If you have any questions, she will go into great detail and make sure you understand. As for the course itself, it's hard. Especially working with SPSS. Her exams are extremely difficult, they are both multiple choice and short answer. Information is derived from BOTH the slides &amp; the textbook.
5.0 : This class is a required class and you will need to keep up with your work. It is not hard but it is very easy to fall behind. The group project tests your ability to work in a team and produce a high quality research product. Work hard and come to class and you will be fine. Dr. Meamber works with you and provides constructive feedback.
5.0 : An absolute expert in what she's teaching, and so passionate about the topic. LOTS of reading, expect to read a 250 ethnography in a week and read articles on top of it, she doesn't do quizzes on them though and you only have to write an essay on one so you can get away with skimming a few. She's the sweetest person, and I learned a ton from her.
5.0 : I have had Seligmann for two classes so far and I can honestly say that she is my favorite teacher at George Mason. She really wants her students to care about the material, so if you work hard, you will really enjoy her class! She's a very charming woman and an entertaining and informative lecturer.
1.0 : Expect brevity in her comments and lack of time to be the norm when communicating with her.
5.0 : Excellent teacher! Very nice and helpful.
4.0 : I really liked professor Fox. She was always in a good mood during lecture and answered any question and made sure the student understood it. Always posts powerpoints online. No homework, only exams. Exams aren't all basic concepts though, she makes you make connections.
5.0 : Dr. Fox is an excellent professor. Very caring and compassionate towards her students. Her slides are comprehensible with many details. With her slides alone, you will pass all of her exams. Get 100% and you will score a gift from her! (gift cards etc.). Take her over any other professor!
5.0 : SHE IS JUST AMAZING!! I love her lectures, they are fun and understandable. Her exams are pretty difficult, but she gives generous curve and extra points. She is very caring and encourages students to do the best. She gives out gift cards for students who gets 100 on their exams. Her personality is very charming and cute! TAKE HER!
5.0 : I absolutely loved her!!! She is THE BEST professor you will ever meet. Her lectures are interesting because of her amazing personality and she explains difficult concepts really well. I 100% recommend taking her if you can. You won't regret it.
5.0 : Professor Dinella is arguably the best professor I've ever had. Given, there is only 2 tests and 2 papers, but he gives you every possible way to pass. His lectures will make you learn about the REAL world as well as class material. He will shock you (in a good way) with some of the things he says, but it is  all for the benefit of his students.
5.0 : The professor is amazing and wants to you to come to class and try your best the most  energetic class ive ever had and the professor is extremly cool for some he might be harsh but hes the best professor ive ever had
4.0 : At the beginning of the semester, I did not like him as much, but at the end I really respected him. I learned so much more about politics around the world. I am truly grateful that I was able to be a part of his class, will definitely take another class with him! Very insightful and knowledgable! Just make sure to go to class and READ!!!
5.0 : Professor Dinella is the kind of professor that reminds you how fun learning is. Every class I felt like I learned something about the subject, and also real life. If you get offended easily then don't bother with his class, but one of the reasons I liked him so much was that he didn't shy away from the truth to spare feelings. Go to the lectures!!
3.0 : Prof. Dinella is such a nice man, and is incredibly compassionate and understanding. That said, this class was confusing. I wouldn't take again. His lectures were a lot of tangents, and I didn't really know whether to go by what he said in class, or if i should just read the book and ignore what he said. Nice man, but I wouldn't take him again.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. So knowledgeable. Funny. 3 hour lectures are a breeeeze. Love him!!! Wish he taught more classes. I would love to take more classes with him.  Attendance is mandatory, he doesn't take attendance, but it will DEFINITELY help you come test time.
5.0 : This professor is one of those rare finds today. Fantastic lecturer and is constantly repeating what needs to be learned for the tests, also fantastic stories. I have also taken him for Govt 133, I didn't need to, but I enjoyed 132 so much. Come to class, take notes and listen to everything he says. If you have the opportunity take a Dinella class.
5.0 : Come to class, listen to his enjoyable stories and explanations. Everything he says can be on the test. Write down every detail. Read the news and know about history and current events.
5.0 : Take this class, take any class with Dinella! He should teach some history class! GMU History Department if you are listening!
4.5 : Dr. Dinella is a great Professor who loves what he does. But in order to pass the class attendance and effort are super important! Lectures are interesting and he's willing to help students who try in his class. I recommend Dr. Dinella but do not expect an "easy a", you must work for it but it's worth it.
5.0 : Honestly, and this is from the bottom of my heart, Prof. Dinella is the best man I have ever learned from. Will do whatever it takes to make you think outside your bubble you have lived in your entire life. He is a man of honor and integrity and truly a model of how us millenials should look up to and ALSO other professors. Best dam prof. GMU has.
5.0 : Honestly my favorite professor at GMU. I took this course because I took 133 with him and I loved it. Would totally recommend him to anyone that wants to learn a lot of information that applies to the real world. He is extremely funny and loves to joke around, but he respects all of his students. Two exams and a paper. Take notes and study hard.
5.0 : Self-assured, relates to students at all levels. Brilliant, w/a sense of humor that lightens the worst textbook. WRITE DOWN WHATEVER HE SAYS b/c even movie clips matter. Excellent test prep. Anticipate an A again. Will take every class he teaches, b/c he has enhanced my overall education! GMU should have him teach HIS too. Hope he never retires!
5.0 : Dinella's classes are always at least 1/3 people who have taken him before and love him. I'm personally on my second class with him and would take him forever if I could. He has a tendency to only teach the 3 hour once a week classes, but it's so worth it, you don't even realize the time passes with his lectures
5.0 : It should be mandatory that all GMU students take a Dinella class. Absolutely brilliant man. He's a realist, American patriot, and knows what he's talking about. Wonderful human being.
5.0 : Wonderful, brilliant, fun, direct.  Show up, pay attention, and youll pass
5.0 : Professor Dinella is an amazing professor that everyone who is majoring in Government should take for one class. With that said he is not politically correct, but that makes it much more enjoyable. I took him my first semester for 2 classes after completing my Associates at a CC, and he made my semester that much more enjoyable. Make sure to read!
5.0 : If you have an opportunity to take any of Dr. Dinella's classes, you should! He's a great lecturer, funny, and knowledgeable. He's definitely not politically correct but he encourages discussion. Knowing how to argue your point constructively is an important skill. He sincerely cares about students and will go the extra mile to help you succeed.
4.0 : Professor Dinella was an awesome professor. He was straight to the point and upfront. He seemed a bit rude or heartless at times, but thats because some people can't take a joke or the truth. He checked attendance each class and had very lecture heavy classes, no powerpoints. I would definitely take a class with him again.
5.0 : Prof. Dinella is by far my favorite professor's at Mason, expect to actually learn something new every class, his lectures are amazing, and he really cares about his students. I have already registered for another class with him next semester.
5.0 : Tons of fun.  Great lectures.  Pay attention
5.0 : I took Professor Dinella's GOVT 132 and I am currently in his GOVT 133 class. He is amazing. He is very knowledgeable and his wit/humor makes the class go by fast. I am not a government major, but because of him I decided to declare government as a minor. He is simply the best.
5.0 : Dinella was awesome and literally reminded me of my grandpa. Hes funny and entertaining and jokes around with the class. He doesnt like when people dont raise their hands. Few assignments for grades. Reading is easy and recommended. The tests are usually based off his lectures more than the reading. No power points. All around great professor
5.0 : Great professor and one of the few that gives you multiple angles on international events and history. Tests are hard if you don't read or pay attention in lecture. Only three grades (one paper). He cares for his students and wants you to pass
5.0 : Best professor at Mason.
5.0 : Best class and professor at Mason. Definitely take.
5.0 : Hilarious. Amazing professor. Learned a lot and had a fun time going to class. He jokes around with his students a lot, so if you're easily offended you'll have to get over it. No homework, just 1 paper a midterm and a final.
5.0 : I took Dinella's 322 class. He is amazing, and finds a way to get personal stories to be life lessons regarding the class subject. He is hilarious. He can be edgy sometimes, but it is never hateful, all in good fun. Its a great change from the standard govt. professor. I'd take him 1,000 times over.
4.0 : Dinella is a little abrasive, but deep down he's really sweet. He says a lot of controversial (but usually true) things, I think to teach students how to deal with hearing things they don't like/don't agree with in a professional setting. He's a really great professor and really cares about his students. You have to pay attention in his class.
4.0 : Dinella is an acquired taste but if you put everything aside, he isn't terrible. Make sure you take good notes and even write down some of the most ridiculous things he says because they will be on the exam. Also READ THE BOOK because stuff rom it will pop up on exams. The exams are basically all memorization so make sure you study
2.0 : About 2/3 of the class time is consumed by topics not even related to the lecture. At the end, he ended up rushing the whole chapters in the textbook and told us that it was because of students' lack of in-class participation. The syllabus is uploaded online, so take a look at it before considering to take this class just based on his good reviews.
5.0 : Dr. Dinella is a breath of fresh air. Every student should take a class with him. The invaluable lesson you take is learning how to formulate constructive criticism and you see the world from a different perspective. A must take, his lectures were the highlight of my semester.
5.0 : This guy is awesome and very well informed about the worlds affairs. He is politically incorrect but that should not be used to judge his teaching abilities. He has two exams (midterm and final) and an essay. He does have readings but gives out handouts. Take this guy for sure!
5.0 : Dinella is a funny guy, and he presents different viewpoints than you will get from other professors. Make sure to pay attention in class and take notes on what he says, because the tests mostly come from his lectures. If you don't take good notes you're looking at a D on the first test. If you go to class and take notes an A is very achievable.
4.0 : Dinella is a great professor. He talks a lot and almost everything that comes out his mouth is on the test including jokes, quotes and random references. Take detailed notes. Read book and take notes. If he shows anything on projector, take notes! He assigns 1 easy paper. Dinella jokes a lot but cares for students. Try not to miss exams.
5.0 : This guy is the freakin' man! Every lecture was fantastic and eye-opening. Foreign politics was the last thing I thought I be interested in but boy was I wrong. This is a man who doesn't teach for the money. Do yourself a favor and take this course.
5.0 : 2 tests and 1 paper. Tests come directly from lectures, so take detailed notes (including quotations, images, personal anecdotes). Attendance matters as part of your grade, and you can't pass without taking notes - don't bother complaining about your grade if you've missed more than 2 classes. Cares about students, is funny and inappropriate.
3.5 : He was very kind and considerate to class. Study guides are amazing- study them and you'll do good on the test (without even going to class) Class was very dry and very boring though. Expect an easy A if read powerpoints on blackboard + study the study guides, but don't take this class if you want a class that's very stimulating or exciting
5.0 : A very quirky professor but also knows his field + makes class interesting. Only had short quizzes (about 10), a paper, and a project. Gives extra credit as well! Definitely take him!
5.0 : I enjoyed taking Dr. Short's summer class, and he's so nice and very helpful. The class was pretty interesting, and I would take another class with him if I could. Only three exams you'd have to worry about, and one paper about a film or a book regarding a type of disorder, nothing more. Take any class with him, and you'll learn a lot!
1.0 : This class was awful. His online lectures were so boring they put me to sleep. Quizzes required responds lockdown browser (with video). You will not pass if you don't watch his videos AND read the book. Projects were not fairly graded. Everything about this class was boring and he is a tough grader. Don't take him.
5.0 : In short (ha!), he's very straightforward and consistent with his lecture plans (powerpoint mostly). He gives study guides, Extra credit opportunities. He's also helpful during his office hours for any confusing materials to giving advices for your future. HIGHLY Recommend
5.0 : Jerome is a wonderful human being. He is very informed and invested in what he teaches. Tests will go very well if you take his study guide seriously and Actually do all of it, then skim over your answers before test. He is professional, and very knowledgeable on many things. Willing to deviate to answer interesting questions. Welcomes discussion!
5.0 : Jerome is an excellent professor and Highly intelligent individual. Word of advice: take advantage of this course beyond the grade. The content truly teaches you how to exist more efficiently- from eating + sleeping, to communicating, to managing stress. Learn as much as you can. Tests are easy if you really do the study guide. Fun creative project
5.0 : For an online glass this was an extremely interactive course. I really appreciated the discussions with fellow students on counseling aspects. Professor provided constant feedback and guidance.
2.0 : Professor Short was a bit of a weird guy, but nice enough. Unfortunately for him he was the nail in the coffin for me switching majors. He made an amazingly interesting class really, really boring. Got a B literally without trying at all.
5.0 : he knows his material inside out. best psychology professor I have ever had. extremely tactful, respectful and helpful. you will never regret taking course with him.
5.0 : Dr. Short is great. Makes his expectations clear from the very beginning. His lectures are interesting and he involves students into a discussion during every class. Gives 3 exams straight from the study guide. There are also two therapy role plays which are fun. Very generous with extra credit. Always ready to help if you need him.
2.0 : Dr. Short is nice, but is so boring. he drags on and doesn't initiate discussion. So few point for the class that 1 point is about .3% of your grade, which is ridiculous. Don't buy the book, everything is in his powerpoint. Tests are easy, then super hard?? This class just didn't meet my expectations and it made me sad
2.0 : His class isn't awful, discussions are insightful, but I didn't like the way it was structured. 20 weekly quizzes, had to use respondus lockdown (with camera). He doesn't cover all content on quizzes. There are two role-play videos which he does not grade fairly. Both times had to email him and get my grade corrected. Avoid
3.0 : His grading scale is off, there are quizzes every week, material is not from the lectures itself. The assignments he does not grade, instead he gets his TA to do it and does not give good feedback. The assignments would be done as his rubric says but then he takes points off for minor things. Also the quizzes do record you, so that's uncomfortable.
5.0 : Prof makes this class well organized and very interesting.  His powerpoints breakdown the complex issues logically.  The amount of reading is not excessive, and his feedback is outstanding.   He is a leader in his field, and I look forward to taking more classes with him.  Highest possible rating.
2.0 : I couldn't make his office hours so I tried over and over to schedule a different time via email and in person after class, but it never happened. He is very confusing, and very bad at explaining. I only got a B- because I had a friend (who took AP Chem in high school) help me study. I had to read the textbook to basically learn the material.
2.0 : Hardly ever answers his emails if you have questions--better luck going to his office hours. Doesn't do many examples in class that relate to the questions asked on his tests, but will suggest you find some of your own in the textbook. Overall I don't recommend him. His clarity wasn't that great.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best Chemistry professors at GMU.  Wish he was in charge of it all because the Chemistry Department here stinks. His lectures are clear and explains things as if you know nothing about Chemistry. With other professors at Mason, I hated it. With Dr. Foster, I actually liked coming to class.
3.5 : Teaching skills are not the best; explanations aren't too clear. He uses the hw that the regular chem classes are doing and they are not helpful for exams at all. Exams are pretty difficult. Does not take attendance. His personality and humor is pretty okay; attempts to make jokes, so thumbs up for effort.
4.0 : Foster is probably one of the best chem teachers are Mason. That being said, the class is no cake walk. Pop iclicker quizzes, a lot of homework, and difficult exams. His lectures are more of him going through practice problems. You'll have to learn the concepts on your own.
3.0 : Prof. Foster is such a nice man, and you can tell he genuinely enjoys teaching chemistry. However, the way he teaches  it is not easy to understand. His notes are messy and does not make the information very clear.
5.0 : This is a really though course, but he is the best chem professor at GMU. He posts recommended textbook problems with solutions and all the exams are multiple choice with only 16 questions. Its been 3.5 years since I took chem 1 and I passed this class easily by doing all the HW, taking notes and studying everyday.
5.0 : Professor Foster is the best! I've had to retake this course but he made it bearable and explained a lot. His homework assignments and iclickers are very helpful towards exams and he will answer everything in class. 10/10 would recommend him
3.0 : Definitely cares about students and making sure they learn, but I found his teaching style hard to follow at times (I need for chem to be presented reeeeeal slow-like - you won't get that in his lectures.)  Exams are rough, but he curves, and some iClicker quizzes are worth extra credit. He also rounds final grades, god bless his soul.
4.5 : His lectures are really interesting, he always give examples of problems in each chapter.
2.0 : Tests are insanely hard, nothing what you learn in class. Homework assignments are also harder than what is covered in class.
2.5 : He is a pretty good teacher, it is just that Chem 211 wasn't exactly what he wanted to teach. The class is tough and you really have to read the book to even remotely understand what is happening in the class. He is a great person, the subject is just confusing.
3.5 : Good teacher. Knows his material and presents it in a way that is understandable, it's just I found the subject confusing. He gives online homework and 4 tests. The homework is hard. You need to attend lecture, because he refuses to post the lecture slides on blackboard. He wasn't that into the class but he is an effective, likeable teacher.
1.5 : Professor Foster has a really likable personality but his class was so hard. His exams only have about 20 questions so it was really easy to fail exams. His online homework allows unlimited attempts until you score a 100 so I had to put in random answers just to actually learn how to do the problems. The book and his lectures didn't help at all.
4.0 : Good professor, very difficult class.
5.0 : Great guy and great professor. Works with students who ask for help. Gives iclicker quizzes pretty much every class so you come to expect it. Smart and funny in an almost fatherly way. Really helped me out after I bombed the first two exams. Office hoursgo to them. You really learn from practicing with him.
4.0 : Professor Foster is very good at explaining difficult concepts, although for more understanding, outside resources may need to be used. He is very nice, and his course was intriguing. Definitely would take him.
5.0 : He really knows his subject, he just doesn't really make it interesting. He also doesn't post lecture notes on blackboard so make sure to go to class to get the notes. There is a quiz almost everyday but half of them are extra credit quizzes. Definitely read the textbook before hand it will help.
4.0 : He is good but you really have to work a lot outside of class. Just not enough time to cover everything, which makes tests pretty hard.
3.0 : Prof. Foster's teaching is old fashioned. He teaches entirely from writing on the white board, never uses powerpoints. So if you do not take notes in class, you only have the textbook to go off of, which is also fine. He gives a homework for each of the 11 chapters. The practice tests he gives are almost exactly the same as the exams.
5.0 : From taking his class I really enjoyed the material.  He makes things easy to understand and clear.  Make sure to study a lot on your own, and do practice problems in the back of the book for the test.  I'd definitely recommend going to each class as what he talks about is often related to the quiz.  Ace the first test, easiest by far He's an ISTJ
4.0 : Professor Foster was great. He was super kind. His lectures were long, but extremely helpful. He worked very slowly through all topics so by the end of class, you knew exactly what to do. I would definitely take him again. Beware, the tests are hard because the problems are a little complicated. That being said, if you study, you will do well.
5.0 : Started this class full of fear after not taking Chem or math since 1997 but left with an A. Prof Foster offers a winning combo: hes a good teacher, kind, and writes fair exams. However, you must work hardtheres not enough time to go over everything in class. Read the book, do as many practice problem as possible, &amp; go to LAs when you get stuck.
3.5 : Dr. Foster is a wonderful teacher. As long as you go to his class, you don't have to read the textbook; however, the textbook is still necessary bc he does not give enough practice problems with the homework. I wouldn't take his class again, though, if you value your GPA bc I had to  work hard for my A- (the curve is low for his hnrs section).
4.5 : His class is hard so be prepared to put in a lot of work. He is great about office hours and very helpful and understanding if you are struggling. Foster is a very nice teacher, just show him you care about his class. There is homework for each chapter and quizzes almost every class. Attendance is not mandatory, but it is helpful.
5.0 : He's great but his tests are hard and timed. Do the practice problems in the back of the textbook using a timer (2 min a question). I had to work very hard for my grade. He doesn't give many example problems so make sure you practice extra on your own.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR! At first you will think it is hard and many assignments but it went so well and smooth. Easy class and easy A if you do all the assignments and go to class!
5.0 : She is one of the greatest professor I have had in GMU. There are many different assignments that require some creativity and many efforts of research, but you could easily get A if you finish your work and make it look good with no errors possibly. The final group work might sound difficult at first but at last you will see how enjoyable it is.
5.0 : Engl 302 is a class that every student must take, and if you are lucky enough to have Dr. Casal as your professor, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.  It is a lot of work, but if you do it well, you'll do well.  She is fair, interesting, and funny. Don't wait till the end of the semester to start the group project, it will hurt your grade!
5.0 : Best English professor at GMU, take her and you are guarantee A+ nonetheless.
5.0 : Dr. Casal is an amazing professor. She is very passionate about what she does and makes sure you know it. She takes the class seriously and expects you to do the same. If you need help she is always there and you learn so much while having  a lot of fun. She is very respectful to her students and is really wonderful to work with. She's the best.
4.0 : Dr. Casal was ok, but you do need to do a lot of writing projects. They are not hard yet time-consuming as you need to do research. The group project is a semester long and if you pair up with hard working students it will be a breeze. I put in a lot of time and effort into this class and got an A+.  Can't complain...
5.0 : Dr. Casal is AMAZING I LOVE HER!  Take this class, tons of mini assignments that are very useful for a future career.  One huge group project. It's fun and such an easy A.  Pay attention to all the descriptions of the assignments the first class and write it down and you'll be guaranteed an A.  I WOULD TOTALLY TAKE IT AGAIN!! ENGH-M17!!!!
5.0 : She is extremely lenient and a very fair grader. Her assignments seem hard at first, but they're very easy to get done. The group project is important so make sure you have hard workers in your group because you get to choose. Overall, BEST PROFESSOR AT MASON, TAKE HER YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!
3.5 : There is a lot of work involved in the class, but most of it is completed in the first half of the semester. There is a semester long group project, meaning there is no midterm or final. Do the work and you'll be fine. Also, try to make your projects look as professional as possible. She loves that. Though I must say that she can be very rude.
3.5 : thought this class was gonna be hard and time consuming, i actually ended up enjoying it. She returns grades pretty fast, we only meet once a week and she kinda finds ways to get out of teaching. every assignment I submitted I got an A on. theres a group project so just get a good group and your set! I would definitely recommend taking her class!!
5.0 : Take this professor!!! It might seem like a lot of work but the class is really fun and she doesn't grade hard at all. Best english professor I've ever had.
5.0 : Great teacher. Assignments ridiculously easy. Majority of the class is a group project. Group thinks of idea that incorporates everyone's major. Show up to class first day of the week, meet with your group outside of class second day of the week. That's basically the weekly schedule. Group presentation at the end of the semester. That's really it!
5.0 : I thought this class was going to be tough, but it's the best English class I've EVER taken. Take her!!! The work isn't overwhelming, don't need any books, and she's a fair grader, I got A's on ALL my assignments! She cares about the students and there are no exams or quizzes. There is a final group project which you have class time to work on it.
5.0 : Just take her and A will be on your hands.
5.0 : Get a good group when getting ready for the group project. They will make or break you when your comes to your final grade. Prof. Casal does a great job of keeping the groups focused, and she is an extremely funny woman when you get her sidetracked. Be sure to get on her good side
5.0 : Casal was great! She was a super easy grader and class only met once a week and then we'd meet with our groups, that's why attendance is mandatory. She read over some chapters of a book I'm writing and provided feedback and wanted me to send her some more of my chapters despite the ending of the semester.
5.0 : Lisa is phenomenal. By far one of the best professors I've taken while at GMU. She is inspirational, hilarious, down to earth and just an overall knowledgeable teacher. I would (and have) recommend her to anyone, regardless of major. She makes the lectures fun and her tests aren't too difficult if you take notes. TAKE HER, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!
5.0 : She is simply great. This class is not too easy but it is totally worth to take.
5.0 : In addition to the usual tests after lectures, no slides are posted. To pass you have to go to class and take notes.  Instead of a final she had groups made for a final project. My class was an architecture history class so it might not apply to her other classes, just a warning though.
5.0 : Amazing professor for art history. Take her if you can! She can relate to her students, and is extremely passionate about teaching the subject material. The tests are not challenging at all because she reviews what is on them before. One project where you go to the art museum in DC. Requires attendance and pop quizzes based off of reading. Easy A!
4.0 : I absolutely love professor Bauman!!! After taking her class I seriously considered becoming an Art History major (not really but I loved her class). She is so engaging and passionate about the topic. Her class is not an easy A but easily attainable as long as you pay attention. Highly recommend her!!!
4.5 : Dr. Bauman is one of the most inspirational people I've met at Mason. Her lectures are clear, fun, and I always walk out retaining 90% of what was taught.
5.0 : She is hands down the most amazing professor you'll ever have at GMU. She's down to Earth, hilarious, and very clear in what she wants from her students and what she teaches. You will actually walk away learning a bit more about the world, even if your major has nothing to do with the class. If you have to take social science, take her class!
1.0 : Quiz every week and it is 5% of your overall grade. Two museum projects which required you to write an argument paper. The two essays graded harshly. Although Dr. Bauman told the class not only once but many times to NOT write a sandwich essay (Hook, intro, body paragraphs, and conclusion), and she announced it like it's going to be very easy. Howe
5.0 : I took this class just to get my fine art out of the way Freshman year, but I thoroughly enjoyed the teacher as an individual and the class. The first half of the course is lecturing and memorizing architects and buildings and the second half is a fun group project where we create a campus building. Class is fun and easy, and she is clear and fun.
4.0 : Simply awesome. Really enjoyed attending all her lectures. Super personable and engaging especially for a morning class.  Gives out study guides before the exams that are very helpful! Recommend textbook to pass.
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class! She's teaching you to look at art and think critically, which can be applied other subjects and real life. She makes the material really interesting and wants you to succeed; so if you're struggling you should visit Office Hours early on. Overall a 10/10
4.0 : go to class and TAKES NOTES, as no slides are posted unless there is an exam. LOTS of MEMORIZE!!! If you are bad of memorizing, maybe you'll have a hard time to pass the exam, as you Need to SPELL CORRECTLY the terminology in the exam: buildings, architects, locations, structures, etc.   lights off during class for showing slides.
5.0 : Best professor ever! so down to earth and enjoyable to listen to. I had no interest in art prior to this class but she made it so fun and enjoyable. Definitely have to study to get a good grade but she gives you a study guide. Most tests are written and she's very fair when she grades those so it's easy to get an A
4.0 : Full of energy and hilarious. Prof. Bauman actively engages and energizes the class throughout her lesson. Tests are not too difficult but require studying like any other test. Class attendance is not mandatory but you won't be bored if you go. Great professor and made what seemed to me a not so fun subject, much better.
5.0 : Dr. Bauman is hands down one of the best professors I've ever had. Her lectures are very engaging, and as long as you take notes and can memorize things, she's an easy A. I love her so much and I wish I could take her for all of my classes.
4.5 : Highly recommend! I was so nervous to take this class but I had no choice since I needed it for my ged ed. Dr. Bauman is an incredible professor! She made a subject I had no interest in VERY engaging and I loved it! It is definitely manageable to get an A (unless you're lazy). If you respect her &amp; her class, she will respect &amp; help you.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors that I have had here at Mason. She is incredibly hilarious and inspring in what she is teaching. The class consists of 2 tests which are 25% of grade each  and 2 group projects that are each 25% of your grade. Actually have to go to class since she doesn't post her lectures.
4.5 : This is the most hardest class I ever took in my life. Geesh for a 100 level I felt as if it was a 300 or 400 level. Her test are so HARD!!! My goodness, there is so much memorization, get ready to study. I would suggest you take someone else. There are two test and a group project and field trip project. She doesn't post her notes on blackboard.
4.5 : You will DIE in Dr. Buaman's class. (In a good way of course) She is energetic and really cares about her students. She clearly teaches you about art and makes it fun. Her stories are great and make the class more interesting. The class consists of pop quizzes, but if you read you will be fine. Exams are clear and concise, just read and take notes.
4.5 : Dr. Bauman is exceptionally brilliant but for someone who is not very literate in art, I really struggled. She is REALLY hilarious and has amazing lectures. Although I did not put in enough effort into this class, I would absolutely recommend her. She will help you but get ready to be productive!
5.0 : I originally thought I was going to hate this class and it would be a bore, but I actually looked forward to this class every week! She has a ton of energy and is hilarious in class. DEFINITELY TAKE HER. She doesn't put PowerPoints on BlackBoard so you have to show up to class to get the notes or else you're lost. Her exams are straightforward.
5.0 : Professor Bauman is one of the most inspirational and passionate professor you will ever be lucky enough to take a class from. Her lectures are poetic, mesmerizing, and interesting. She is so erudite in art history(As Professor Gregg says, it's two words art and history and you have to know both) and she will make you want to take more!
4.5 : I came into the class thinking I would hate it, being a required gen ed and all. Lisa immediately changed that and it ended up being my favorite class. She is really funny and super passionate about her class. Tests are straight forward, go to class and take notes and you won't need the optional book.
4.5 : She's awesome, definitely makes the worth going to. The class is super fun, can get difficult, but if you go to class, take notes, pay attention, and study you will get an A. Take her class! Don't buy the textbook... if you're into textbooks just rent it. I rented mine, didn't use it once.
4.5 : Dr. Bauman is one of the best professors for Art History! She's super helpful and her lectures are hilarious and fun. Tests are straight from the lectures and super easy, but you do have to attend class, because she doesn't post powerpoints on black board.
1.0 : She is a horrible professor !! she acts like she's funny and cool in the beginning  .. but when you actually start taking the tests you notice how harshly she grades her tests !! and she teaches art history as if shes teaching calculus or something really important ! DO NOT TAKE HER UNLESS YOU NEED TOO ! DONT DOO MY MISTAKE !!
5.0 : I'm stunned that anyone can give a poor rating to Dr Bauman.  They are obviously the students that never showed up nor applied themselves to the small amount of effort required by this course, and are now complaining because they weren't handed a passing grade.  You have to go to class.  Every answer to every test is given in her lectures.
4.5 : TESTS ARE HARD.  she is a tough grader. dont take her if you are not willing to work hard study a lot. for a 101 class there is A LOT of material. i regret taking her. although i have to admit, she made class fun and interesting. but to be honest. she takes the subject too seriously. not all students are going to be as attached to the topic as her
5.0 : SHE IS INCREDIBLE!!! I absolutely loved her and she made art history so much fun! She does require attendance because all her quizzes are lecture based and the notes aren't posted, but she made going to class so much fun that I never minded going :) She loves it when you interact with her and will try and learn you by name even in her giant lecture
5.0 : Excellent professor. Definitely not an easy A, but you won't just go through the motions in this class.  Active thinking required.  She values your input and is fair and reasonable.  Easily one of the top five classes I have taken at Mason.
5.0 : Amazing professor. She's a riot and cares about her students and her class like no other.  She doesn't feed the class anything but encourages you to ask questions and figure things out on your own.  Gets the wheels turning in all the right ways.
3.5 : As a person, she is funny and awesome. As a professor, she is strict and wants you to do the work in order to get a good grade. She does help you out in case you get stuck.
5.0 : WONDERFUL professor... kept class interesting with her energetic personality.  Attendance is important as she doesn't post PowerPoints to blackboard.  Provides study guides--exams are pretty easy.  I loved this class and would definitely take it again.  Gave me a new perception on art.  (textbook was barely used just fyi).
4.0 : Strict teacher, the two exams are so hard. I put lots of effort, however, I got an A-. The textbook is not mandatory, just come to class and take notes. The field trip and design studio are interesting. If you want to fulfill your fine art requirement, I will recommend you take the DANCE125!!!
5.0 : Prof Bauman is really nice and funny. She cracks jokes all the time, and tries to make class fun. Her 1st exam is easy just take notes and follow the study guide. I would go through the study guide and write out answers for each section before exams. She gives extra credit for each exam so take advantage She takes surprise attendance so go to class
5.0 : Phenomenal professor! She really makes an effort to help you as much as she can. She curses like a sailor and runs around the room. She is very funny and easy to talk to one on one. She tries to get to know students which definitely made me enjoy her class even more. She lectures all class but she is open to students adding in their thoughts.
4.5 : There's 2 tests and a 3 week group project you can only work on in class. She's not into regurgitated answers, you have to think and make connections with the material for tests. She gives pop quizzes, half credit for being there and half for answering one super easy question. Basically free grade if you read, longest we read was 12 pages.
4.5 : Learning art was quite boring at times especially during the end of the semester but she tries hard to make it fun. Pay attention to the examples and her PowerPoint slides she talks about in class because it'll def help you on the exams. She's very energetic and loves when people discuss their ideas. Study guides are basically exams.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR! She's so nice and funny and makes learning about art history very interesting. Three exams overall but straight off the study guide. One short paper due in the middle of the semester. Very straightforward and fun class.
5.0 : Attendance isn't mandatory but she does not post to Blackboard so GO TO CLASS. I'd never taken an art class in my life but still managed A's on every exam. The museum field guide assignment is basically a guaranteed A if you put a little effort into it. Dr. Bauman was literally an angel and I loved her and the class to pieces!!
4.5 : She's a great professor. Took her in the morning and it was easy to pay attention in class because she's hilarious. Make sure you read through the textbook because she gives out pop quizzes from the book.
5.0 : Amazing professor! She makes you want to actually show up to class and her tests are straight forward. Super nice and funny too
5.0 : A decent human being could not complain about anything for this course. Lisa Bauman is a very engaging lecturer so, preface: attendance is not mandatory but you will fail if you do not go. However, lecture is entertaining so you WANT to go! Would take again in an instant.
5.0 : Such a wonderful woman and really wants her students to succeed. That being said you have to work hard in this class, if you slack or do not try on assignments, you won't do well. Her exams require a full understanding of the material so her 300 level classes are not for people looking for an easy A. Her classes are meant for students in the major.
5.0 : I took 3 classes with Dr. Bauman while at GMU - the first was mandatory for fine arts and the other two were out of choice because the first class was so awesome.  She's an incredible teacher and she honestly changed my life.  Tests are very tied to class material - if you show up and pay attention, you'll be fine.  Tough but fair in grading.
5.0 : Lisa is fantastic! If I could take her class again I would. She is hilarious and approachable. As for the actual class make sure to take each test as there is only three given and make sure to do each study guide. Take clear, understandable notes because she doesn't post the lectures on blackboard. Otherwise, she is super great!
5.0 : She is the best professor I have ever had. She is kind, inspirational, and knows her stuff. If you ever get the chance, take a class with her.
4.5 : She's a very helpful teacher that will cut you slack if you need it. I recommend her to anyone that is looking to take Art History. You have to take good notes to pass, there is no other way
5.0 : She's the most amazing professor here at GMU. A down to earth person. She makes you think outside the box and respects your opinion.  She inspired me to minor in Art History . A very dedicated professor.
5.0 : Amazing professor and I highly recommend her!! She is so funny and gets students involved in learning the material. I am not an art student by any means but this was probably my easiest class. 3 tests all based on pictures and knowing the concepts. No memorization of photos. Show up to class and take notes and you will pass. TAKE HER!!!!!!
5.0 : The main purpose of this class is to design something. She always assigns a group project of some sort. She's an amazing professor and very responsive and willing to help you. Tests are not really that difficult but are generally self-explanatory and full of discussion so you can really break it down your way.
5.0 : She is honestly one of my favorite professors at GMU. She makes her lectures really fun and interesting. It's honestly a simple A if you just show up.
5.0 : She is such a good teacher. During lecture, she will tell stories about her family and her experiences and she swears a lot but it makes the lecture so much fun. For my class, we had a quiz at the start of the week and she took off 2 of the lowest grades. There is no final but there are two projects (they're easy). You wont regret taking her class!
5.0 : Bauman is a firecracker! I love her! Very sweet and really knows her stuff. Grades hard because she wants you to understand the material, not just memorize it. If you are struggling she will go above and beyond to help you. I am so happy I took her class. It was challenging but entertaining.
4.5 : She is a very good professor, would recommend her. Classes are fun but you have to do the reading because she gives pop quizzes. nothing hard. Just read before class, attend class, study from the study guide she provides and you'll get an A.
2.0 : Terrible grader. Quoted from the professor: "If I can take off points from something, I will". Does not allow any form of extracredit under any circumstances, even if the student is struggling from the beginning.
5.0 : Professor Bauman is a great professor. She lets you know from the start how she wants things, and how the course will be. You probably should go to lecture, there are things she says that will be on the exams that won't be in the book or slides. There are daily "tickets" where she asks questions to see if you read. Recommend her if anybody!!
4.0 : Lisa is a very energetic lady. She can talk on and on about a work of art and gives very good information. Only downside is her old fashioned teaching method. She doesn't believe in posting powerpoint slides on BB. Also, no computers or phone use. Because of this, you must take all your notes by hand. If you can write fast, you should be fine.
5.0 : Professor Bauman is an amazing professor who makes this course intellectual stimulating. as long as you show up to class, listen, and take notes you will do fine on the exams and the project or the final aren't too hard either if you put in the work. definitely would take a class with her again.
5.0 : If you are interested in any form of art you will love this class. Professor Bauman has a way of connecting with students and really being able to open your eyes to the world. After taking this class, I look at a lot of things from a different point of view. Would definitely recommend to those who aren't art majors, but it doesn't matter either way
5.0 : Wow finally an Old School Teacher who doesn't let students surf the web while in class!. She is there to teach and does it well. If you hate art no problem you will still learn and have fun doing it. She will change your mind. Take notes, have fun and no worries there. Go over the study guides!
5.0 : Professor Bauman is a gem of George Mason. She is deeply intelligent and you will walk away from each class a better thinker. She makes things challenging in a productive way. You have to study and take time with this class to get an A, but she will make you want to earn it. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors at GMU. She is so nice and sweet. Lectures were always entertaining and she has a great sense of humor. She cares for her students and was always there to help. Easy to talk to and the class was an easy A if you attended lectures and paid attention. I would definitely recommend her!!
5.0 : Most engaging class I have taken thus far. Prof Bauman is energetic and an incredible teacher. She really cares for her students and will remember you outside the classroom. Two exams that come straight from the lecture, a field trip, and a design projects. This is the prefect art credit for those who aren't artistic but more interested in history.
5.0 : Prof Bauman was really great! I'm not an art person, but this class was very interesting and engaging. If you need to knock out an art elective, this is the class to do it in. I learned a lot and honestly enjoyed it a ton.
3.5 : Does not return grades in a reasonable amount of time. Every assignment builds off the previous one. I am not sure how one is expected to improve if they are not getting proper feedback. Avoid!
3.5 : She's a great professor. My only problem is she takes FOREVERR to grade work. For some stuff it's not that big of a deal, but for assignments that build off of each other, it's frustrating. Other than grading it's a really good english 302 business class. Not too much writing for an english class. One of the more relevant classes i've taken.
5.0 : one of the best professors EVER!! she is understanding and she will try to help you in every possible ways! Need to put in effort for A, but she will help you through it. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Nice, caring, helpful. One of the most enjoyable professors I've taken at GMU.
5.0 : Professor Johnson is an absolute doll! She is so sweet and keeps class interesting. She invites debate and good converstation among students. You have to show up and pay attention, but its worth it. She made a 9am... fun. Love her and highly recommend.
5.0 : The best acct. prof. at GMU and the best overall I had. No ppt slides. He teaches with chalk, chalkboard, and erudition. Methodical and swift. If you're stuck, he'll stop &amp; try to understand your confusion. Then he will work the problem out, see if it's clear. He works numbers stupid fast. Brilliant guy. Embraces tough Q's. I have utmost respect.
5.0 : If only every professor was nearly as good as Professor Visvanathan. Incredibly thorough and respectful. I wish his lectures were recorded and available to students (and professors - so they can see and hear what "teaching" really looks and sounds like). So grateful I had him for such a tough class.
5.0 : Excellent professor, but extremely difficult course. He always teaches effectively to make sure everyone understands the concepts. The exams are made by the department and all students take them on Saturdays. Long hours of studying are essential to passing!
5.0 : Highly recommended! he breaks the materials so it is easily understandable. Tests are department made and pretty much everything  in the lecture shows up on the exam. Study hard. But if you go to class and pay attention you at least end up with C. My advice to you  is to focus on connect homework the most and other on lecture notes.
4.0 : Kaufmann is a really interesting professor, and wants to make what you're learning accessible to you. He loves answering questions, and is always available when you need him. LOTS of jokes. Likes to hear himself talk. Figuring out what he wants is the challenge, but once you do, it's pretty much smooth sailing from there.
1.0 : A terrible instructor. Believes himself to be infallible in critiquing his students. He grades EXTREMELY arbitrarily. Makes numerous historical and literary mistakes in class but expects nothing but perfection from his students. Suggests that literature is open to interpretation, then precedes to grade anyone poorly who does not share his view.
3.0 : So at first I was pumped to take this class since it was an interesting topic that left room for discussion, but if you want discussion in your English class, this is NOT the professor. Asks questions, gets half an answer &amp; then keeps talking over the student. Class drags since all you can do is listen. It's like a podcast. But not a good one.
5.0 : As long as you show up to class to take the weekly quizzes and do the readings, it is really hard to do bad in this class. There are two papers you have to do that were a little confusing at first, but he discussed them in class so then it became pretty easy. Definitely recommend if you are looking for an easy A and a laid back class.
4.0 : Professor Kaufmann is passionate about the subjects he teaches. His lectures sometimes ramble on and veers towards ranting.  It's a lot of reading and writing. Make sure to read all that he assigns. Be active in discussions. The weekly papers were confusing and expectations were high. He responds to emails quickly which was great.
5.0 : Best professor I have taken here at Mason!!! I love how blunt, controversial and knowledgeable he is of his field, college and anything in general. He can be highly critical, rambles non-stop and interrupt students, but if you challenge him, you're in for a treat this semester. Come prepared, think outside the box and turn in papers on time!!!
5.0 : kaufmann is seriously the best professor you will ever have. yes, he's obnoxious and he talks over you, but if you talk over him, he will not take offense. he will listen. he loves being disagreed with. hilarious. fun. makes otherwise nonsensical things make sense. 10 out of 10.
5.0 : AMAZING!! Seriously take him if you need to take an ENGH course for degree requirements! Best prof I've ever had, super nice, caring, and funny! Just make sure to do the readings BEFORE class. Discussions are fun to be a part of, and I HATE talking in class. You also need to do the readings for quizzes. Couple papers - super easy and a fun class!
5.0 : At first, I thought I was going to hate this class, but Kaufmann quickly grew on me and I ended up loving the class.  People complain that he grades hard, but if you show up to class and do the work, it's near impossible to fail.  Kaufmann is an interesting guy: some are gonna love him and some are gonna hate him.  Overall, I think he's worth a go.
5.0 : Dr. Kaufmann is an amazing professor. He sees the best in all of this students. Every student has an opinion in the class, even if he does not agree with you. Textbooks are required to pass the class. A lot of reading but it is worth it. I left the class a better listener, writer, reader, learner, and individual overall because of his lessons.
5.0 : Great guy! taught me life lessons
4.0 : Professor Kaufmann is one of those professors that believes in every single one of his students. He wants you to do as well as you can. He is not very open minded but that is not reflected in your grade, it solely makes for more interesting class discussions. I did not know much going into this course but came out of it knowing so much more.
4.5 : I loved AFAM200, it taught me so much more about African American history. You can tell off the back that prof is very passionate about what she's teaching. DO ALL WEEKLY JOURNALS ON TIME AND MAKE SURE TO BE THOUGHTFUL. Thats the only reason why I got the grade I did. Don't be like me, do the journals, participate and take notes !
4.5 : This class is so amazing! She gives great lectures. There is a bit of reading but it is interesting! I would say less than about 2 hours a week would be spent on work and reading. Short journal entry due weekly. No test or quizzes. Easy to talk to. Great comments on graded on assignments. Attendance required
4.5 : Best professor!! LOVED THE CLASS. Weekly quizzes. No tests! One project. Reading from 2 books. No homework. Talk in this class or she'll give written assignments. Quizzes are easy if you read the textbook BEFORE the lecture and UNDERSTAND it. This class will change your perspective on EVERYTHING. High recommend! DONT SKIP CLASS!
1.0 : If this is the only class or thing in life you are doing then you might have time to complete all of the readings - if not, there's no way.  She is passionate about her subject matter, but not very clear, or tech friendly.  Her expectations are high but not always in the areas that really matter - I definitely would not take another class from her.
3.5 : If you have room in your schedule I suggest that you take this class! Her lectures are very captivating,  and keeps you on your toes each class. I decided to declare a minor in AFAM after taking this class. She is an amazing teacher!
5.0 : Professor Manuel-Scott is one of the most inspiring and engaging professors I have ever had the pleasure of listening to. She has the most incredibly contagious energy, and despite the class running for nearly 3hrs it never feels like it! I would take this class again in a heartbeat.
3.5 : One of my favorite classes at Mason. It was a lot of work, but rewarding because I learned a lot. She was easy to talk to in person and made me feel very comfortable. Attendance is mandatory, but I actually enjoyed going. Get ready to read, and do weekly journals. But you really understand whats going on around you.
5.0 : She is the most inspiring professor I have ever had at Mason. I recommend that everyone take her! She is no longer teaching African American History, but she does offer Special Topics classes. She's not too strict, she just challenges students to really think.
3.0 : Wendi slays as far as fashion goes, but in the classroom she slays you as a student in a much more painful way.  Definitely the hardest class I've ever taken.  Be prepared to read over 100 pages a week and take some of the hardest exams of your life.  No technology during lectures, and a lot of the test questions come from the bookS (plural).
5.0 : Professor Manuel-Scott is one of my favorites. She CARES about her students and wants to them to do well in every way possible. Make sure you do the assigned readings for every recitation AND lecture session because she quizzes you on Top Hat. There is one group project and attendance is mandatory for the lecture AND recitation.
4.5 : Her enthusiasm for the subject is intoxicating. Ms. Manuel-Scott draws you in, makes you want to pay attention to what she is saying. Not to mention she is so chill, one of the coolest professors I have ever had! She is worth taking for requirement, elective, and even if you just want to sit in on the class
5.0 : This is honestly the best class I have taken so far in college. Her passion for the subject makes its so easy to follow. She is an extremely tough grader but it makes sense and she is not unfair just very harsh. If you put forth your best effort she will recognize it and your grades will reflect it. In class participation is huge but SO worth it.
5.0 : I love Prof! She's an excellent professor. Her enthusiasm and humorous personality gives a light in the classroom. She really makes you work for your grade, and makes you think in class. I appreciate that about her. A group project and a final paper was part of the class as well. Also 4 other papers. TONS of reading. She molds you into a student.
4.0 : LOVED AFAM 200! Very engaging class. She is an amazing woman! she gives group projects... so beware of that! I am taking her again next semester.
4.5 : SKIM the readings, attend class, and you will get an A. Dr. Walker outlines the readings for you in class so there isn't any hard work to do. For the pop reading quizzes, SKIM SKIM SKIM. She also lets you use notes on the tests which is awesome.
4.5 : Not a difficult class at all. Just show up, do the readings, ask for help if you need it (she offers her assistance anyway). Her lectures are never boring: she's absolutely hilarious!
4.5 : Pop quizes , 2 test and extremely hard paper. She expects you to write 7 pages of facts !!! Very difficult. Class is very boring. No laptops and cell phones allowed. Shes nice, but I am not going to take her again
4.5 : I took Dr. Walker for GOVT 423 - Constitutional Law.  Overall - an amazing class! Dr. Walker really put in the effort to make sure you understood the information.  She doesn't give you everything - so you are expected to read and understand the basic legal principles of each case.  If you do not read or if you miss her class -- you will fail.
4.5 : Family law and public policy was a fun and interesting class! Dr. Walker really brings a wealth of knowledge about law into every class session! The readings are not hard, but you have to keep good notes! She assigns a Term paper that counts for about 25% of your grade.  Ensure you answer the question, write effectively and you will pass!
1.0 : Very tough exams. Prof Walker was nice &amp; funny but her lectures did not prepare students for her exams. If she had introduced questions  during lectures or in hw similar to what she puts on her exams I would have  got more out of the class. The Final exam "Study Guide" was narrowed down to 75 CASES!! I  honestly felt set up for failure.
4.5 : I have had Walker twice. Her classes aren't necessarily easy, but if you do the work, you'll get a good grade. She is obsessively fair, and occasionally funny. My only complaint is I had her two semesters in a row and I still don't think she knows my name even though I talked in class plenty. Learned more in her classes than in any others at GMU.
4.0 : I did not enjoy this class at all, but I did well in it. 1 short paper, 5 pop quizzes (so you have to read a lot), but lowest 2 get dropped, 1 larger paper, a midterm, and a final. This course is useful, but at times felt quite challenging! Walker is funny!
3.5 : Walker's class was tough, but everything is laid out for you from the beginning. She was extremely organized. There was a lot of reading with random reading checks. The lectures are helpful. No tech allowed in the classroom (hand-written notes). The final paper is tough, YOU CANT WAIT UNTIL THE LAST MINUTE!! All test are open note! I learned a lot!
5.0 : I took Professor Walker's class many years ago when she first started teaching at GMU.  I have since graduated from law school and have been a practicing attorney for 8+ years.  I still remember her as one my favorite professors.  She is tough, but incredibly smart and engaging. There are no surprises and she prepares you well for law school.
4.0 : Smart/sweet and willing to help you Go to her for help I got a D in this class because i would leave class and not read the texts You mainly study court cases Be ready to study and write a paper at the end I had her for 2 classes If you do not read and participate youll fail my peers have called her a mean NOT TRUE they are lazy
5.0 : One of my favorite professors! Must keep up with reading assignments, since she does use pop quizzes. Midterm/final are easy if you keep up with the reading, and you can bring a cheat sheet. Follow her instructions *precisely* on the final paper and you cannot fail.
4.0 : I absolutely loved Professor Walker's class and learned a lot. She is a wonderful professor but it's important to note that her class is not easy. That being said, if you do your reading, take notes, attend class, &amp; ask questions, you will really enjoy this course and do very well. Clear-cut, interesting, and informative!
3.0 : The class contains 4 pop-quizzes, 2 tests, and 2 papers. She does not expect you to have all the answers correct to get a hundred percent on the test. She lets you have open notes. Usually, one side of the paper only though. However, her questions can get specific such as dissenting and concurring opinions. Ask questions about paper to not fail.
4.5 : Prof Walker is a great professor. she is very fair hence being a lawyer. her class is not an easy A , but if you do the work she assigns it will be easy. she gives pop quizzes, and counts participation randomly, and she is very fair when grading them. there is a lot of reading, but very worth it. great class!!! only one paper that is pretty hard.
5.0 : Walker is an attorney-at-law. Shares a lot of stories from when she practiced law. Very kind and super easy grader. Allowed to miss some questions on quizzes and exams since she doesn't give extra credit. Teaches out of the textbook but adds stuff from her own experience. Very kind and easy class. 4 quizzes, 2 exams, 2 duality papers. easy stuff
4.5 : Want to become exponentially more knowledgeable in an interesting learning environment with a funny, interested, and fair teacher? Take 423 with Walker... Quizzes are easy, tests are more difficult but if you pay attention and read they are nothing to worry about, papers are not an easy A but not overly difficult either. Final is cumulative
5.0 : I enjoyed this class a lot. There are quizzes on cases (short excerpts) from readings and you need to come to class. Many comments say this is a hard class - and it is not an easy A, like a number of govt courses at GMU are. However, Walker is very clear and will help you out. There is not reason to badly in this course if you work moderately hard.
5.0 : He was really nice and had a lot of experience in his field. The writing assignments aren't too hard. He lets you re-submit it. Attendance counts. 1 group presentation which was informal and not too bad. The book wasn't used. He handed out ALOT of papers that help you to write each written assignment.
5.0 : He is seriously a genius. I learned a lot in his class. Do homework and its easy A
3.0 : He's a very interesting and experienced person when it comes to his background and history and government which is cool. I would recommend the class as well because he's an extremely lenient grader, as long as you do the work (papers) you'll get an A
5.0 : From what I remember, his purpose was to give students a real-world application experience. The textbook wasn't used, nor were there any exams. There were some papers that you had to do, in addition to a one group presentation. That's it. All though, it would have been nice if he at least did quizzes, just to see if we were grasping the material.
5.0 : Easiest class I have ever taken. There's five tests and one debate. He was easy on grading as long as you follow his guidelines. He knows what he is talking about. He is there for the students success.
5.0 : Prof. Butler is one of the best professors in the department. His lectures are very informative and teach you life lessons. He wants his students to leave his class being able to think critically rather than memorize a bunch of facts. There are 5 written assignments that he grades easy, 1 group presentation, and attendance is taken every class.
3.0 : I rated Butler highly because he's a great man with inspirational quotes and funny anecdotes.  I am pleased that he wanted us to think critically and did not focus on achievement; however, the class was not very beneficial. I learned how to write a memorandum - sort off. Lectures are normally continuous rants from Butler. Students sleep and ignore.
4.5 : Eric was an amazing professor, tough grader, but was willing to help you every step of the way. Rough Drafts needed to perfect the work, and his light and funny persona kept the class always entertained. 3 hour night class, and I found myself rushing to get there because I didn't want to miss a minute of it. Not an Easy A, but a doable B.
5.0 : My favorite professor I've had at Mason. Gives great feedback on assignments&amp; lets you know he appreciates your hard work, which is rare in teachers these days. Understanding, fair, and undeniably kind to everyone. I would recommend his class to anyone that wants to learn from a professor who is knowledgable and passionate about their classes.
5.0 : This was a pedagogy class: teaching teachers to teach. Gives a lot of solid advice on your papers, more extensive comments than you would generally see. Extremely supportive and helpful. Expert on the subject. Is also a literature scholar, that comes across. Appreciated by students. Made the classes enjoyable. Group/individual projects. Top notch.
5.0 : I have had him for several classes and in all of them, he has been absolutely amazing!! The lectures and assigned are interesting. Participation is key though, but he makes it fun and uses Facebook to post comments that count for homework and participation. Can't go wrong with him as your professor!!
5.0 : I really enjoyed being his vampire literature class . He really cares for his students and wants them to succeed in the class. Most of the in class writings are based on short stories but they  really enjoyable to read.  There are 2  essays  which can be revise if you want to tweak up your  grade and  there  final project.
3.0 : He is nice as a person and very accessible either by email or during office hours. However the way the class was structured was frustrating. There would be a quiz and writing prompt each class. The readings were easy and the group presentations were ok. So basically every class a group of students will give a presentation, quiz and writing prompt.
4.5 : I had no idea 701 was the class of which to be weary. It's the best grad class I've taken. Anything seemed to fly topic-wise for the semester-long paper. I wrote about Playboy, another student wrote about House of Leaves. This class is highly dependent on participation. Ask a lot of questions - they don't have to be relevant. Go to office hours!
5.0 : This is my absolute favorite class and professor this semester. He is so helpful and the stories you read in class are SO interesting. Little work, just reading short stories and two short novels (Sun Also Rises and Gatsby) through the whole semester. If you have the chance, TAKE THIS CLASS
4.0 : Prof Anderson is great at teaching this class. I took his Hemingway, Fitzgerald&amp; the 1920 section and loved it! You have to read a few chapters in a novel as well as 3-4 short stories per class. In class you have presentations about the short stories, a quiz, and then he lectures. He takes attendance and participation matters during presentations!
5.0 : Took his Native American Literature course and was pleased with the selection of readings. Learned a lot. Make sure you read the books in sync with the schedule on the syllabus, do the blogs, 1 essay, 1 creative project, and a take home final.
4.0 : One of the best professors i've had at Mason! Makes class interesting even though we were all so familiar with old american stories like the Great Gatsby. As long as you put in some effort, you learn a lot and get a good grade. I really appreciate his effort to get to know every person in the class.
3.0 : A lot of reading assignments. All we did was have discussions. I honestly participated MAYBE a total of 4 times and still got a good grade. Discussions are boring but the professor is so sweet and tries to make the class better by providing stories and personal accounts. I didn't love it, but super easy course so it worked out.
4.0 : Foster is extremely knowledgeable and passionate in world literature- he is extremely fair grader, and will understand your circumstances if you let him know. This class was heavily textbook based with little online readings&amp; some videos&amp; speakers. Over all very nice person, interesting lectures, &amp; fair/easy grader.
3.0 : Lots and lots of reading. If you fall behind, it gets difficult real quick. Several small assignments, 2 big papers and a final exam. The class is BORING. Discussion each class, but most of the class couldn't keep up with the reading pace, so most didn't have anything to discuss. Painful at times. He is sweet though and tries to engage the class.
3.5 : Solid literature professor, his lectures can get long, boring, even off topic, but he has a passion for what he is doing and really wants students to understand and develop critical thinking skills. Lots of little readings but they are pretty interesting. Take notes during class about the readings to get the best (and easy) grade.
4.5 : He is very passionate about what he teaches. You have a 4 in class assignments based on the readings. As long as you read the last 4 stories before the day you'll be fine. Likes people to participate but rarely anyone did. The essays are easy if you concentrate and read a little. Not an easy A but aye, you have to work for any A.
5.0 : Prof Foster is one of my favorite profs. Very knowledgeable, timely with grades and responses, and funny. A lot of reading, but good novels. A couple of in-class exercises, discussion, and an 8-page course paper at the end of the course. The discussion and lecture was well-balanced, too. I highly recommend taking Prof Foster!
3.0 : Professor Foster is nice and informative. You will read a lot during his class but it's manageable. He gives a few papers and take home writing assignments. He's a little picky but not overwhelming.
4.5 : His class wasn't hard. However, if you hate reading don't take it because every assignment is based off the reading from the two previous weeks. Theres two papers and the final (which was brutal).  There are also in class assignments where you will pick two questions based off the reading and answer them. Again, not a hard class but a lot of work
4.0 : Professor Foster is such a kind soul. He is truly passionate about English, which is clear given his excitement when discussing anything relating to it. He is helpful and grades quickly. He can be a little close minded, but overall he's very interested in his students opinions and is willing to help you to better your grade. I highly recommend him!
4.0 : Participation makes his class worth it, if you just sit there you won't catch the good points needed for the papers and exercises. Participation in discussions is the key to the course. The readings are short and interesting.
5.0 : A lot of reading, weekly responses of 600 words for each unit. One course paper of 8-12 pages, a final exam and final essay that could be completed at home.
4.0 : easy class only if you actually read, lots of homework, gives extra credit for giving presentations, long lectures teaches till class ends, encourages discussion
5.0 : I wouldn't put too much confidence in ratings on this site with misspelled words like abroad and fooled.  I've only taken one of his classes, but have met students that sign up for additional classes he teaches simply because they had such a positive experience.  Laid-back, approachable, encourages you to find your own style/voice in writing.
4.0 : I can't praise Professor Kelly enough. He's intellegent, insightful, down-to-earth, and all around amazing guy. I find IT dull, but Prof Kelly makes every class interesting, and while this class is a LOT of work, taking a class with him was beyond worth it!
4.0 : Also see "Mills Kelly" because that's the name he goes by. He's a really nice prof and the class is laid back. No textbook, but you have to buy a domain. He puts a lot of emphasis on the final project, that's really all he cares about. You can skip classes here and there and it wont affect you, he doesn't take attendance at all
4.5 : Professor Kelly really enjoys history and teaching. He has a great, sarcastic sense of humor and made the class very interesting. Weekly blog posts, a midterm and an end of year website project. Not very difficult but can't really slack of much. Take it if you're interested in sustainability of historical records.
5.0 : I actually took 2 of his courses, the other one "Improving the Past." My 300 course was 1989 Eastern Europe. Awesome lectures, gets students involved in discussion, is down to earth, and really brings the creativity and thoughtfulness out of his students. I'm indebted to Dr. Kelly for being such an understanding professor. Absolutely recommend him
4.5 : Great lectures. Extremely knowledgeable and engaging. Really nice guy, too. Helped me several times throughout the semester and turned a class that I was initially dreading into one of my favorites! The research essay wasn't nearly as difficult as I thought it would be and the class was very interesting. Highly recommended for any history majors.
5.0 : he was good, and very knowledgeable, i would say the best advisor in the department, too bad he moved on to the work force,
5.0 : just like everyone said. a great professor. he knows what he's talking about and makes it simple. no trick questions on exams, and gives study guides. the only way you can fail is if you don't attend class or didn't pay attention. he's super easy and funny.
4.0 : He is knowledgeable and explains everything clearly. If you need help he will help. His exams were difficult and tricky, so study!
2.0 : Professor Carle gives students a difficult time and will call you out. I did not enjoy this class.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER! So I had to take his class on Fridays and the way he teachers made me look forward to taking Friday classes. Not an easy A, but you will definitely learn a lot in this class. I have a pretty short attention span when it comes to 3 hour lectures, but he made it really easy for me to pay attention in class!
4.5 : I will be honest, I did not pay attention in his class; however, his power points were clear and concise enough when I reviewed for the exams.  He tells you exactly what to study and read. The tests are straightforward, so if you don't know it, you don't know it.  Overall, he's super funny and awesome. I'm taking him for another next semester.
5.0 : Learning any language can be difficult, however I never felt like I was lost when taking his class. His grading is very generous and as long as you keep up with the work, a good grade is almost guaranteed. I would highly recommend this professor for anyone interested in the language
5.0 : Very good teacher. Enjoyed the class and he really brought the subject to life. I highly recommend.
5.0 : Levine is great. In Intro Russian he is super forgiving of mistakes and grades a bit easier - it's a tough language, but he is aware of that! Try to get him talking about some of his experiences in Russia. He was in St Petersburg in Soviet times. Interesting guy, easy going, and will work you through Russian in an understandable way.
4.0 : Easy grader, knows a lot about grammar. Gives a lot of homework, but corrects it so you know what you did wrong. Attend class, though, because he gets more progressively more annoyed with ditching students as the semester goes on.
4.5 : I took Levine for RUSS 110 as well and he is an amazing professor. He's very helpful, always an email away and you can stop in for office hours. As long as you do the work and keep up you'll be fine. He does focus a lot on grammar, but that's not necessarily a bad thing when learning a language. I would definitely take his class again.
4.5 : Forget skipping class because you'll fail. Homework is so helpful and he helps you through it. Levine is a super lenient grader. In class we do lots of helpful exercises and he answers any questions you may have. Grammar is very important to Levine, he even wrote a book on it. Super nice professor who tries to help you out. Highly recommend him.
2.0 : Had Professor Levine for beginners Russian, but i was the only one in my class of 13 people who had never spoke Russian before, so it felt like he taught on their level and not mine. Hes very knowledgeable but leaves it up to you for the most part to learn the material. Also, TONS of reading and homework. Changed my major because of this class.
5.0 : The class is extremely hard, especially if you haven't learned foreign languages before. Levine cares A LOT about pronunciation, so just listen and you'll do fine. Participation is incredibly important. Make sure you go to class or you'll miss a lot. Also have handwriting as neat as possible. He likes it when you go to his office hours and try hard
5.0 : First time being seriously exposed to Russian and I came out of this class with a love for the language and I am even pursuing a minor. This class is TOUGH, easily the hardest class I have this semester but it is doable if you're a hard worker. You do not have to be a natural Russian speaker to do well you just have to work hard and come to class.
5.0 : Professor Summers was probably the best professor I've had this past semester. Engaging and very clear in what he teaches during his lectures posts the slides online after the class. There are quizzes on material from the textbook almost every class, and you'll have to read it because chapters are huge and these 4 questions could be on anything!
5.0 : I've never met a professor more respectful of his students' intellectual competence. When someone asks a question, more often than not, the answer is vivid and succinct... or a "That would be a great topic for a dissertation!" followed by a briefer on ongoing research and the options we've ruled out. HW and tests are stimulating and manageable.
3.0 : Professor Summers was a good instructor. He tries to make the topics of his lectures engaging. His lecture slides are really long, but are really what you want to study when preparing for exams.
2.0 : Professor Summers class is boring and lecture heavy. He posts the powerpoints of the chapters on line after class, but he doesn't give you time to take notes in class because his lectures move really fast. Get ready for pointless participation reading quizzes. If you don't want to waste your time don't take this class
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. He teaches you exactly what you need to know and always keeps you interested. He never forces you to participate but will gladly answer any question you have. His class may be fast paced, but he does not force you to complete much work. As long as you keep up, the class will be relatively easy.
4.0 : Not much to comment on this prof, class switched profs midway through the semester, and i prefer this guy over the second
4.0 : Summers is rather bland in his lectures, but his tests are extremely fair. He gives daily quizzes(only four questions) and the tests have many of the quiz questions on it. Roughly five homework assignments all semester. HE LOVES when students ask questions. He offered extra credit and curved tests.
4.5 : Summers is a brilliant professor who's engaging and very interesting. He deserves a stage rather than a podium. His tests are very fair, just read the textbook and come to class. he's CRYSTAL clear when it comes to what he expects out of students and what material will be tested or not.
4.5 : Prof Summers is the professor to take any astronomy course with as a non-major. He works with NASA, and his lectures are a mixture of textbook and his own experience. Brings contemporary knowledge into the classroom - much more interesting than the book. Sit up front and ask questions and you'll be fine, I regret not doing that in my class.
4.5 : Professor Summers is a extraordinary person who works for NASA and teaches a very well class. However, I found the questions on the test somewhat of a functional aspect of the ideas discussed and studied, not really strait from the book. Therefore, this class was challenging, but I fell as if I learned a lot. It was worth the effort.
4.0 : This course is very lecture heavy. There are daily homework quizzes and three exams which can be quite difficult. However, he usually applies a curve and extra credit opportunities which can balance out your grade. Read the textbook and study the lecture slides. Overall, he is a good professor.
5.0 : Taking ARTH 460 online was a tough choice since this course was graduate level and  I am Undergrad with no art history background. Be prepared to read A LOT, do weekly assignments, and interact with other students through Blackboard. This is not an easy A class. Nevertheless, Prof. Greet was always available to answer e-mails and provide feedback.
4.0 : very enthusiastic however she doesn't go over her assignments and expectations with enough clarity and therefore grades reflect this.  she is always willing to speak to you and provide comments but, like any academic, it does take some swimming through murky waters to figure out her style.
1.0 : In her lectures, she shows slide after slide and never tells us the names of the paintings and what she wants us to know about it. She flips and flips and half of the class is asking what the name of the painting was and the date. She is brutal on dates and names and she doesnt even take the time to let us know what they are in her lectures.
4.5 : you have 3 tests in total, its one 1 quiz, a midterm, and a final. She gives you study guides for each and its pretty easy you have to write about the 10 or so images she selects from the study guide of 30. Her excitement and passion for Art makes this class enjoyable, just take notes on the images she shows and you'll pass.
3.0 : I took this last minute for an art requirement. I have close to 0% interest in art and was looking for an easy A with limited choices since I registered so late. That being said, she is a nice professor and obviously passionate and knowledgeable on the subject. She grades very harshly and expects a lot. So unless its your major AVOID this class.
5.0 : Professor Greet got me interested in Art. Her lectures are interesting with open discussions. Fair grader.
5.0 : I LOVE Professor Greet. I never missed a class because I couldn't bear missing one of her lectures. She travels around the world and cancels class for scholarly work or exhibitions. Be careful though, she is a strict grader and does not offer extra credit. Turn in things on time, participate and you'll do fine.
2.5 : Didn't respect students.
2.0 : There were hundreds of pages of reading every week and they were very confusing articles. We have blog posts to do on the readings every week and she highly criticizes these posts.
5.0 : I'm not very good at english and I ended up with an A. As long as your participate, show up, and do the work ( be prepared to do a lot of work). Also books are a must . He is a very fair professor, and is willing to help, as long as you put in the effort.
4.5 : Professor Taylor was great! Every class is a peer discussion (he types up his feedback and interjects) so you have to do a lot of reading peer work but he only uses the book a couple times. Quizzes every class on peer work, but if you get all 4 questions wrong the lowest you can get is a 60- it's a participation grade, so show up. Very fun class!
5.0 : Truly cares about your progress as a writer. Super nice, genuine, straight forward, yet clever personality. One of the best professors at GMU. Short attendance quizzes at the beginning of every class. Reading and writing galore.
5.0 : I am horrible at English and I was scared to take a literature class, but I had no choice. This turned out to be of on the best classes ever, probably because he is one of the best professors ever. I now enjoy reading after taking his class! Its not an easy A, but if you show up to class its definately not hard.
1.0 : A lot of readings. Quiz every class. Two exams made up of short answer questions and an essay. Two reading responses. He didn't grade the responses himself. He relied on a TA who was a subjective grader. I would recommend taking someone else if you want a good grade.
1.0 : He is literally one of the worst English professor I have ever seen. He is EXTREMELY closed minded person and if it isn't his way then there is no way he is even going to make the slightest effort to see things from your point of way. Taking his class was like taking math class; only one right answer. BEWARE for countless useless work!!!!
2.0 : He is a very tough grader! Almost half of the class failed. He gives feedback but no matter what you do, if he doesnt like you then you pretty much failed the class. Very narrow minded professor. STAY AWAY at all cost. Also, if he brags about his writing and reviews but they're horrendous!
1.5 : He has this super boring monotone voice. Avoid at all cost because this class would consume your entire time. He is one of those very full of himself professors that thinks his class is the only class you're taking.
5.0 : Art Taylor is an award-winning mystery writer. Most class time is spent freely discussing Holmes, Poe, Agatha Christie. None of this "deep meaning" interpretation garbage like most English classes. Class is fun, Prof Taylor is hilarious, and he wants students to enjoy the readings.
5.0 : Class is discussion based, so be ready to talk and share opinions. The feedback he gives on assignments is really useful. He will push you to be the best writer you can be. You'll have reading and a quiz on that reading every class. I love that he can joke around, too. Overall, a great professor! Highly recommend!
3.5 : Professor Taylor is an EXTREMELY difficult grader. Be ready to make hundreds of corrections on essays. He is willing to help people if you ask. Also can be a little rude now and then. Overall: decent.
4.0 : Art is a very nice, caring professor.  There were a lot of readings, but I enjoyed them.  Quizzes every class on the reading, and he only drops one so you have to be there.  3 total papers and a midterm and final.  He is a tough grader, but he is giving feedback from an award-winning writer's perspective.  A great class to fulfill the lit gen ed!
4.5 : Attendance quiz for EVERY class. You really won't pass if you never show up. Written work is challenging but improves your writing skills. Readings are fun and interesting. He's an incredible prof and writer who wants you to achieve your writing goals. He's won about a billion awards for his new book. Must-have prof for creative writers!
5.0 : He is my favorite English prof so far. He made me want to read and I don't even like to read. All the Mystery books were very interesting and fun to read. Just 2 reading responses, a final, and midterm. We have quizzes each class tho but short ones.
5.0 : Professor Best is awesome. She cares. She takes an interest in your input and your insight. She is on top of her game, and while there is a semi-heavy load of reading, if you show up to class, the notes you take will help you in getting your work done. You do not have to read everything if you show up and take notes. She is a great teacher.
4.0 : Best is awesome! There was only two tests and a final. Lets you use a full page front and back for a cheat sheet. You have to do the readings to do well on the tests-strongly recommend doing the cheat sheet! Gives extra credit, one paper assignment. She's very nice. You can def skip class and still do great. She sends out studyguides too! Take her!
5.0 : I love taking Dr. Best's class.  Her lectures were amazing and made me love Sociology. She really cares about her students and is willing to meet students outside of class to help. I would totally recommend taking her class. If I have a chance, I would take her class again.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking her class. Her class was very interesting. Her class was not an easy A but you could get a A if you put effort. She is willing to meet people outside of class if you have any questions. I wish I could take her class again if I get a chance to. I would definitely recommend taking her class if anyone has to take sociology.
4.5 : Readings each class about sociology case studies but most are interesting. Attendance is optional (doesn't take attendance but considers participation for grade). No filler assignments. Allows a whole piece of paper (front and back) as "cheat sheet" for all 3 tests. Tests are straight forward multiple choice &amp; 2 short answer. Provides extra credit.
2.5 : Dr. Best is a good teacher! The class is very simple, you read, go to class, listen to the lecture, and get tested. You can skip a few classes, just make sure you read on time! Listening in on lectures is helpful though!
5.0 : Very easy class. Just read the readings, do the study guide, and make sure you actually do the cheat sheet because they will help you during the 4 midterms. SHe was also very knowledge and inspirational and gives amazing advice.
2.0 : Horrible, horrible teacher. My first draft of my research paper (as well as most of the class) got a C+. I attended every class, did extra credit, aced the mini quiz, got an A on my presentation, and rewrote my entire draft to what she wanted (took over 8 hours to do so). Somehow I still got a C+. She wouldn't meet with me to tell my why. Stupid.
4.0 : I had Sensei for JAPA 110 and 210. She is the #1 teacher for anyone who has never taken Japanese or a foreign language, period. Japanese is a great choice for the FL requirement, and Toritto Sensei is perfect for teaching it! She's cute, hilarious, helpful, friendly -- she CARES. Japanese is a difficult language, but she does her best to help!
5.0 : Toritto-sensei is an wonderful, funny woman. Japanese 110 is a fast-paced course that requires an incredible amount of memorisation, but Toritto-sensei makes it fun, engaging, and easy. You couldn't ask for a better professor to teach you Japanese. Just don't get behind on memorizing hiragana/katakana/kanji/vocab.
4.0 : The class is really fun because shes very fun, but she get distracted easily. It makes for a more interesting class and shes very open to staying after class to help anyone who needs a little extra assistance. If you don't want to read right out of the textbook, go to class.
4.5 : Japanese certainly isn't the easiest language to learn, but she makes it fun and interesting and always offers help!  Definitely the best Japanese professor at GMU.  Very funny and nice, but you must study, study, study, especially in the upper level classes.
5.0 : Class is pretty organized, she teaches from the book and clarifies any confusing grammar topic. There's homework but when she assigns homework it's usually like 2 workbook pages. Tritt is there for you if you need help. Always go to class, her lectures are not boring .
4.0 : Extremely quirky and funny stereotypically Japanese professor. The class is rigorous with tons of homework and tests, but they aren't too difficult. She gives a schedule of all assignments at the beginning of the semester so you will never be caught unaware. Engages everyone in the class equally to make sure everyone gets equal speaking practice.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! Really helped me understand Japanese better. She is very very nice.
2.0 : Uses his own textbook, which is so poorly written that it's impossible to find the information you're looking for without going through almost every page in the chapter. He likes to bold words that don't actually matter, and there's no index, making it impossible to find the terms or concepts you're looking for.
5.0 : Highly recommend! He teaches from his own book. It was very easy to read and understand. Fair grader and gives a lot of opportunity to improve. Unless you don't study, there is no way to get less than an A.
5.0 : A thoroughly enjoyable class. It was such a refreshing change from less discussion based forums of learning. I loved Professor Stearns' passion for teaching and sharing his own research and the work of others. An interesting subject taught by a truly wonderful instructor. So glad I took this class. Enjoy! This is a class you will make time for.
5.0 : Show up to class will just do it for you. 3 papers, couple of quizzes, midterm and a final. Final exam was really difficult but if you did good in the papers and midterm you'll be fine. Also attendance is like 25% so thats like a "giveaway". Take him!
3.0 : Three papers, three quizzes, midterm and final. I was thrown off by the fact he wrote the book we use in class. He's biased towards his own opinion (what's on the book of course. Exams and quizzes are all essay questions no multiple choice. Too much for a 100 level course. He's very knowledgeable tho. Good professor over all. It was just too much.
4.0 : I took him last semester. He's a nice guy and the material was interesting, but I did not enjoy his class that much. Participation matters a lot. It's easy to make a good grade if you just go to class. I was very put off by the fact that he wrote his own textbook.
5.0 : Cares about students but expects hard work. Does not assign homework but quizzes and tests are graded hard. Assigns two papers. His class period is entirely lecture, take notes as fast as you can. Has a sense of humor but doesn't waste time. Very educated and professional.
5.0 : - He replied email very fast and was an easy grader. Quizzed and Exams are based on discussion in class.
4.0 : Nice guy, really passionate and smart about history.
4.0 : Very good professor, he does not read off slides and does not lecture at the students. He actually discusses the material with you and interacts with the class. He does assign 3 essays, 3 quizzes, midterm and a final, but they are not awful. I would have enjoyed this class a lot more if it was not at 9am. Overall, he is very nice professor.
4.0 : Professor Stearns knows what he is talking about. He is very knowledgeable but I found the lectures though were somewhat interesting, were extremely boring and dreadful to show up to. Participation is 30% of the grade, he gives really good feedback and almost always replies to emails in 15 minutes or less!! I would take him again
3.0 : Stearns is a good man and a very smart one.  His classes are long Socratic lectures about the boring and large subject- History.  He loves and we don't.  I worked to get a B but never had to read the textbook and skipped a couple times.  He fills the gen ed and he likes if you participate, so all-in-all not too bad, just pay attention.
5.0 : Pretty boring and easy class. He assigns readings, but they have no impact on your grade. Class was just sitting around and talking. A few assignments, a group project and a couple of easy A papers. If you need an easy A, by all means go here.
3.0 : He's a really nice dude but mannnn him sitting on a desk just talking makes you wanna cry. Like he just talks. I guess some people work well with that but not me at least. Also, three papers all semester.
5.0 : He's passionate about emotions history and teaching. If you have questions about something, he will respond practically immediately. He's not a hard grader if you show up to class and attempt to participate then you will pass the class,
5.0 : Really great class. He grades papers and gives feedback very quickly, sometimes within the hour. Very respectful, but will tell you when you are on the wrong track. He really knows his stuff and makes lectures really interesting. Thinking is required.
3.0 : Prof. Stearns is a good guy but the way he teaches isn't optimal for the students today. Sits on his desk and talks to you for an hour and fifteen minutes. No powerpoint and no real curriculum to cover that day. Miss a class and you'll be reading a lot, from the book he wrote. Smart babe but boring class taught in the most boring way.
4.0 : Great class! Crazy nice prof. Three papers, like two quizzes, a midterm, and a final. Feedback on the papers is very helpful, and you are given the opportunity to rewrite them. Showing up for class isn't extremely necessary, but recommended - everything he says is in the textbook (which he wrote). ALWAYS do the assigned readings on BB.
3.0 : He's a knowledgable man but he is the type of professor who loves to hear himself talk. His lectures are extremely boring but he is a nice man.
4.0 : Interesting course. He has been in his field for a long time and really knows what he's talking about. Make sure you read as most of the assignments are response essays, the class is discussion based, and the final draws from the readings. The grading criteria isn't very clear but he responds to e-mails thoroughly and promptly. Prompt grader.
5.0 : Prof R is AWESOME. Really caring, intelligent guy. Wants his students to succeed and helps them get there. Down to earth, understanding and sweet. Always available for help, Q?s, and clarification. One of the best profs Ive had @GMU. His class is a lot of participation but its fun and makes for a good learning environment. Would recommend 100%!!!
5.0 : Loved his class!! He's very nice, clear with what he's looking for in assignments and is always around if you need extra help. One of the prof's you know actually cares that his students learn and succeed. If you take his evening class be aware you usually stay the whole time, rarely get released early but he keeps it entertaining. Awesome guy.
5.0 : He is very caring and amazing professor  and is understanding and responsive . I took this class online but professor Rudinicki even responded to my emails after finals. And throughout the semester. Do all your work it is based in one project and don't hesitate to ask him for help he will give you a lot of help.  Textbook he provides link.
5.0 : great guy, wants to help, if anything hes too nice
4.0 : One paper that is split into two parts towards the end of the semester. The rest are discussion board posts every week and there are a total of six blogs. This teacher does not update his stuff on blackboard or his syllabus. Sometimes directions are too vague. Do the homework early and email him if you have questions otherwise get points taken off.
5.0 : He is literally the BEST English prof. assignments r clear and he is helpful, available @office hours &amp;is willing to sty after his office hours to help. He also responds to emails quickly. He has a lot of writing assignments but they help make ur writing stronger and also help with points distribution and increase ur chance of getting better grades
3.0 : He was okay, but I honestly wouldn't take him again if I had the chance. Maybe he is a great teacher in person, but online not so much. He gives vague instructions for assignments and doesn't respond to my emails until the it is already past due. I got points taken off for very small things that could have been fixed if he was more clear
4.0 : lectures are reflections on the daily readings so its important to go, especially if you didnt read. attendance is part of your grade. no exams, just midterm essay and final essay. lots of discussion board posts regarding the readings
5.0 : Professor Rudnicki is an amazing teacher. He has created his own resources instead of making you buy expensive textbooks. Every lesson and assignment makes sense and is part of a larger assignment that is done in stages.  No work is wasted.  He is very nice and gives great advice.  You have to work, but you will be a better writer for it.
3.0 : You get 2 huge essays that are most of your grade. He's not really specific in what he's looking for, but then takes points off if you don't give it to him. Nice guy. He says the readings are mandatory, but you really only have to read what you're essays will be on (your choice).
4.0 : Rudnicki is kind and respectful. He is passionate about philosophy and that shows in his lectures. There is a reading every week and you spend the week discussing the readings usually with a group, which is pretty easy.  Overall I would suggest taking his class.
4.5 : Lots of assignments, so organization is key or it is easy to lose track and get behind.  Very helpful with how to write liberal arts papers.  Kind individual.  He provides his own texts in electronic format.  Don't have to buy books.  Anything you need is in reference or the library.
3.5 : Prof. Rudnicki may seem boring to other students however I think it all depends on the subject matter. As a big fan of Philosophy I absolutely loved all of his classes. The reading in the class is intensive, so don't take it if you aren't ready to read at most 100 pages a week. The grading is based off of Blackboard posts (easy) and 2 papers.
5.0 : Easily the best Professor at GMU in his field. Passionate about materials and knowledgeable.  Unorthodox teaching and grading style truly encourages deep intellectual contemplation and participation. I am actually SAD that I am done with the course. Materials covered are thought provoking and mainly online so it is healthy for your wallet too!
5.0 : I had a good time with this professor, mainly because he was very flexible and not very strict at all. The work requires a lot of reading, but it's definitely worth the time to read. I enjoyed listening to the analysis, thoughts, and reflections from him and the class as well. Very easy class. Just need to write a midterm and final essay.
5.0 : I really liked ptofessor Rudnicki's class. I would definitely recommend taking his Phil 253. You don't have to read all the texts, but you will want to just because they are pretty interesting. A lot of philosophical thinking and writing two long papers. One is for the midterm (4-5 pages), another is for the final (7 pages). No quizzes
4.0 : Rudnicki is one of those professors you happen to actually enjoy because he cares more about teaching his students rather than forcing it down your throat. Every week there was a reading or two that you discussed in class and after that a discussion board post on BB was due. Pretty simple. Midterm &amp; Final Essay. That's all the class entailed.
5.0 : He's very unique. He will help you succeed in any way possible. Respectful of students. He's kind, intelligent, and mysterious. It was a very interesting class. Take him, he's unlike any other professors at Mason.
4.0 : He gives lot of support for students in clarifying their doubts. His lectures are very clear and helpful. Very good foundation course.
4.0 : Took him this semester . I wrote a past review of him. He is a nice guy. For the midterm he dropped one of the questions since many students failed that part of the exam. He then said it would be on the final which is nice. The only thing I can see that is bad about this course is that homework's do not provide a solution key after they are turned
4.0 : Nice prof. Most of the homeworks take long to finish. The midterm was tough and consisted of 3 questions, but he dropped one of them. Final was much easier. Anyways solid class and teacher.
4.0 : A really good Professor who teaches with great interest. If you go to every single class you don't really have to prepare for the exam as you grab so much in his lectures. HE DEFINITELY HAS HIGH EXPECTATIONS FOR THE PROJECT.
3.0 : No doubt the professor teaches good, but he doesnt give good grades and to make it worse, he sets paper difficult and more weight is given to midterm and final exam and mere percentages to homework and project, so if you crack his exam, good for you, else it becomes difficult to score good grades in this course.
3.5 : Real smart. Has HW but doesn't give the solutions to it which is really unhelpful. His exams are just like his HW so if you can do ALL the HW correctly, you're golden, A+. Will answer lots of question and keep reviewing until you get it which is great. Some stuff can be really confusing though later in the year. Never answers emails, EVER.
1.0 : It does not matter how much you prepare for his exams, his exam paper questions are confusing. So if you are going to take this course or any other course under him, all the best since midterm &amp; final exam each contribute 35-50% of his courses, so even if you score full in all 5 assignments, projects, it doesnt matter much and it depends on luck.
1.0 : Grading is extremely subjective. If he doesn't like your solution, 0 credits. If he likes it, full credits. The concept of partial credits is alien to him. And, there's always only one solution to every problem, and that's the solution that he likes. It's absolutely ridiculous. Save yourself the frustration. Just don't take him.
3.5 : He's a great guy. His lectures are clear if you scan through the readings but can still be a bit dull some days. Make sure you do the homeworks even though theyre not graded. He always start the class with an outlinepreview of the things to be discussed that takes almost half of the class time. Don't bother to e-mail him, he never responds NEVER
1.0 : This guy was horrible. He gave no extra credit whatsoever. Not even a little bit.  THE WORST PART He assigned a prog lang which I had never heard of, and could find no guidance online. Because he spent 45 min on basic instructions, then gave us a week to learn it on our own. At that same time, he LEFT THE COUNTRY. So we could not get help on it.
5.0 : He is an excellent professor. Just do the homework which professor gives during the semester and pay attention in the class and this will helps you yo score good grade.
5.0 : I enjoyed the class.  Lectures were good, homeworkers were pretty much similar to what's taught in class.  Professor Brodsky helped us throughout our project. Overall a brilliant professor, would take his class again.
4.5 : It's a mathematical subject but lots n lots of theory. So its hard to learn
3.0 : Puts an effort into explaining concepts. Easy grading criteria.  Did not have to buy textbooks.
5.0 : Great class. Very abstract. As long as an interest exists, it's easy. Very helpful in the long run as it would help decipher symbols in research papers.
4.5 : Good
3.5 : He has indepth knowledge over the subject
5.0 : Great professor! Inspiring with his research ideas, more than a regular class.
5.0 : I found him as an amazing instructor,  highly knowledgeable what he teaches, very friendly and interactive with students and most importantly quite easily understandable with his words and examples. You will learn a lot in this course, both in terms of theory and hands on project experience. Would love to take any other course in future under him.
5.0 : Lot of hands-on work in terms of project
4.0 : Professor Brodsky is one of the best professors at Mason. He spends most of the class solving and explaining problems which makes you really master the course. I learned a lot in CS530. Take it in the first semester and many concepts later on would be easier.
5.0 : Throughout the semester, I  had a rough time with the class especially since so many classes got moved to friday which i couldn't attend(work). I miserably failed his midterm and went to his office hours a lot and tried my absolute best. My effort was reciprocated and though it seem I have annoyed him a lot, he still did his best to help!Great Prof
5.0 : Professor Brodsky is a fantastic professor. His three-hour lectures breeze by, because he actively engages student participation and presents the material in an interesting manner. His assignments are both educational and reasonably difficult. He is a true 'classical' professor who cares about teaching his students.   Definitely take his course!
5.0 : A very helpful course provided by the most gentle professor I have ever met. . The office hours greatly improved my performance in this course, sometimes professor borrows a meeting room for students to gather around and discuss questions, so that I highly recommend students to meet professor in office hour, even you do not have any question.
5.0 : Very clear and informative lectures.  Builds lots of examples and practice into lectures to reinforce concepts.  Midterm reflected what was covered in class and homework.  Shows respect for students and is flexible when issues arise.  Great grad school professor.  Would definitely take again.
5.0 : Initial classes are confusing as its all about introduction but once we get into the actual stuff its quite interesting. Three assignments for the entire course, doing the assignments will be all you need to worry about as the exams will similar to the assignments.
4.5 : Focus on Mid-term exam.
4.5 : Focus on Mid-term exam and project.
5.0 : Professor was great at explaining course material.  He worked problems on the white board during class and it really helped me understand the material.  Students should plan on attending every class and taking good notes - it really helps with home assignments and exam.  The professor gave helpful feedback and guidance on the final project.
4.5 : Professor was very helpful in solving doubts. He took the effort in teaching. No finals. Final project. That's pretty good.
5.0 : Mark has a good attitude. Very helpful guy.
4.5 : Now this is how every college course should be taught! Todd's class is fun, intellectually stimulating, &amp; challenging yet engaging! The key to success in this course is to be yourself, but keep an ever-open mind &amp; think critically about the material &amp; discussions. Highly recommended to anyone interested in learning- not just psych
3.5 : No tests, but tons of reading and personal assignments and one big paper. Grading policy isn't clear. He wants students who are willing to talk in class and get personal. If you don't like to do either of those things, it will be very difficult to get a good grade as class is mostly discussion, not actual instruction. Topics all over the place.
4.0 : He uses humor to engage students and that makes him different from most  professors. He is also Knowledgeable. Recording lectures will help you a lot for the exams as there are questions that do not come from the powerpoint. Final was based on book. Go to class and  you will do fine. Curved exam scores :). It will help your grade a lot.
5.0 : Dr.  Kashdan is easily the best professor I have ever had at GMU. If I had the option of him teaching all of my courses, I would in a heartbeat. He is brilliant, funny and inspiring.
5.0 : Dr. Kashdan's science of wellbeing class was a uniquely enjoyable and challenging experience. Lots of discussion, interesting assignments, fun in-class activities. Dr. Kashdan is super sharp and has tons of clinical, research, and teaching experience  to draw from, so I feel pretty safe assuming that all his courses are excellent.
5.0 : I have never ever EVER had a professor as cool and as down to earth as Professor Kashdan! He's not one of those PhDs with his nose in the air. He's a REAL person and his lectures are about REAL life. The key to this class is PARTICIPATION! This class is just AMAZING! The fact that he's really hot doesn't hurt either:)
1.5 : I regret taking him. Very rudeee and his exams are hard and confusing. Very disorganized and doesn't respect his students
3.5 : Hands down one of the best professors I've had. Tests are based on the readings he gives you and the lecture. They're difficult but not too difficult once you figure out the pattern. Class was 4 tests, one dropped. Very funny, very cool, and knows his stuff. Take one of Dr. Kashdan's class if you want your money's worth out of college.
3.5 : Class is 90% exams and 10% participation. Must go to every class because there will be test questions on things only mentioned in class. No study guides, must study both lecture notes and chapters in the book. Overall -- a different, but refreshing professor. Curves all exams. No homework (obviously). Casual while still educational lectures.
4.0 : Dr. Kash, (aka Dr. Kashdan) is unlike any professor I've ever had, he's amazing!! He has the ability to engage the class with his wittiness and eccentric sense of humor while maintaining his professionalism about psychological concepts. Read the book, pay attention, &amp; ask questions to ensure your understanding of concepts &amp; you can't go wrong!
5.0 : Todd is interested in the material passionate,&amp;inspirational. Assignments involved effort but I felt the benefits in my life &amp; relationships. Only negative is the grading system is stressful &amp; detracted from the positive benefits of the assignments. I still don't know what my grade is, I hope it reflects all the work I have put in to this course.
5.0 : Kashmoney. He's super cool. Super vulgar. It's brilliant. If you want to have a good time and learn a lot of material... TAKE HIM.  Basically you don't need the textbook, no matter what he tells you. Just find a group of people that want to learn, and study with them.
5.0 : Todd is the greatest professor you can take for anything. He might rub some students the wrong way but I've taken two courses with him and he's never said anything bad in my opinion. Be honest and respect him and he will do the same back. He's super open, funny, and gives very practical lessons for real life. Take time to actually enjoy this class!
4.5 : Kashdan was probably the best class I have taken at Mason. He is a very knowledgeable guy with an awesome upbeat personality. He makes his classes interesting and worth going to. His exams are extremely difficult, but he does curve them and gives many extra credit opportunities.
1.0 : He tells you on the first day that most of your grade will be on how much he likes you, and he isn't joking. You won't have a clue how you're doing in the class until you see your overall grade on patriot web. If you care about your grade, not worth it.
2.0 : He is full of undeserved arrogance. He has no respect whatsoever for anyone besides himself. Only take his class if you would like to be taught by someone with the patience and egocentricity of a toddler. He is the Donald Trump of psychology.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever taken. HILARIOUS. You are never, ever bored. Knowledgable and experienced; he's considered a pioneer in well-being psychology, has well-renowned publications, and was counselor for many years. Encourages participation and for you to engage with the material; he loves to answer your questions. Just the best.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. Take this class if you want to step outside your comfort zone and focus on bettering your life and relationships. This course was literally life changing and Todd was such an inspiring and motivating professor, while also being dry and hilarious. Attendance is mandatory but you'll actually WANT to go.
4.0 : Dr. Kashdan was a phenomenal professor! He makes his lectures interesting and fun. Although it was tough in the beginning, you just have to find a pattern in how he does his tests. Listen and take notes because he makes questions directly from his lectures, not just the PowerPoints. Read the book as well, it really helps.
2.5 : He is all over place. Participation is 10% of grade. It was unclear how many exams he would give. He doesn't know everyone in his class was not a native English speaker, got surprised when he found that (MasonDiverse,Duh!). Speaks way too fast + is arrogant. I'm not being mean just telling truth. If you're able to follow, lectures are interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Kashdan has to be the best professor that I have ever had while attending George Mason University. I took "The Science of Well-being" and this class helped changed how I live my life for the better. Not only was his class extremely interesting, but everyone in the class seemed to bond more so then any other class. I would highly recommend him.
2.0 : Prof. Paris is the worst. He assigns a lot of homework but doesn't teach the material from the homework until later. He has TAs that grade testsprojects that take off a lot of points for small mistakes. Avoid at all cost.
3.5 : Easiest ECE class I have taken. Never used the book at all unless we had homework from it. If you study the homework you should at least get a B for the exams.
5.0 : One of the best professors in the engineering program. He is very explicit in his requirements so there should be no surprises as long as you do all of the work.
5.0 : Paris is a good professor, but his class is tough. He uses MATLAB examples in class to help visualize the practicality of what is learned in the textbook, but also assigns pop quizzes and group projects.
5.0 : Professor Paris is a passionate teacher. If you want to succeed in his class then you have to pay attention in class, ask questions, and attend his office hours. He's a professor who wants to see his students succeed so he provides ample resources in order to get an A in the course.
3.0 : Learn how to do complex algebra before taking the class, and go to his office hours if you need help, also expect pop quizzes.
5.0 : Excellent
5.0 : Dr Billingham is truly a master of choral instruction. I hope to one day be as successful as she is.
5.0 : Dr. B is absolutely awesome.
5.0 : Dr. B is awesome, and it should be known across the land that her choir is the best choir.
5.0 : She rocks! The class was fun, interesting, and very useful. She is very devoted and supports students. Very good class!
5.0 : She is very devoted to research and has stories and stories to tell about her experience. Very helpful- ready to provide advise by e-mail or in person and has genuine interests in our work. Great professor!
5.0 : She is the best prof i ever had- very devoted, approachable, fun, and understanding. I sternly recommend to take her courses.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable professor.  Funny and engaging during most lectures.  My only negative comment is that she provides too many theories and it feels like you are getting a garden hose of information without really delving deeply into any single theory.
5.0 : If I could take this class again- I definitely would. She is very devoted, open to students and really wants to share her knowledge. You will learn a tons from her. And she is fun.
3.0 : A bit difficult to understand at times and class can be dull sometimes too. But still very interesting.
4.0 : One of the best professors at SCAR. I loved her classes and would take her again.
5.0 : Make sure you attend class, arrive on time, and participate, because he will subtract from your grade if you don't. He is extremely helpful and gives out study guides, so as long as you study all the material and complete homework you will get an A! Lots of quizzes and tests to keep you on track, so the cumulative final is no big deal.
3.5 : He's pretty good, but his 110 class is really tough. Because its 6 credit its a ton of work. if you arent one of his "little buddies" in the class, he acts pretty annoyed when you ask for help, especially during his office hours. His class was pretty fun though. Good luck! Dont slack on your work!
4.5 : He is a really interesting professor. He knows a lot about what he is teaching especially if involves Russia. He is a so-so grader: not too tough, not too easy. Take notes, go to class, do the readings and you will be fine. He has different assignments: group projects, discussion boards, oral midterms, and papers. All so you can master the material
4.5 : George Mason is very lucky to have this Stanford-Harvard Educated historian on the faculty. He is an amazing educator and a true scholar. He is also a femme-friendly human being. There is a lot of reading in his class, but it makes you understand the topics very well. If you have a chance to take his class, jump on it. You will learn a lot!
5.0 : Dr. Barnes is a pretty cool professor, and the lectures are great, but there's a lot of information attached to the lectures. He assigns three papers and five film response, which aren't bad, but there's a lot of heavy reading involved. Although, exams are open notes, so if you attend class and take good notes, you should be fine.
4.5 : He's a really great professor and person. He really seems to care about his students and gives good feedback on all our papers. There is a ton of reading, but I was able to work with it. The papers and presentation are the main parts of your grade, but he's not too tough on them and his expectations are pretty clear.
5.0 : Dr. Barnes is approachable, helpful, and professional. He knows course material and is always up for a good discussion. He tries to keep lectures interesting. Gives extra credit opportunities; has pop quizzes that are based on readings. One essay requirement. No laptops. Very respectful professor, which is rare. Would take again.
3.0 : Took him over the summer; I really liked him, he was totally reasonable in his expectations (with it being a summer class), and pretty flexible with grades and his policies. Pay attention in class, definitely do the readings, and you're set. He's a nice guy and makes the lectures interesting.
4.5 : This class is not a cake walk, you have to read the books assigned because there are no sparknotes and you have to come to class and take good notes. He's very willing to help if you reach out to him and he always responded to emails quickly. His class isn't easy but he knows his stuff and you will learn a lot from him. Has some great stories too!
5.0 : Professor Barnes is an excellent educator. He is extremely knowledgeable and can answer pretty much any question you might have. Beware that if you skip any classes you will fall significantly behind. Assigns 3 book papers and 5 movie reflections but as long as you stay on top of them its not so hard. Loved his class!
4.0 : Professor Barnes is the best! His class is really interesting and you will learn a lot. Definitely take a class with Barnes. However, he is a very tough grader. Expect to read three decently long novels and write papers about them. Effort is required if you want to get a good grade. Don't skip class.. if you do, you miss too much.
4.5 : Love the instructor.  Very laid back but structured class.  Class was more helpful than expected.
5.0 : Professor Atkins really cares about his student's success.  He is very accessible.  He and his peer advisor made the class very fun.
5.0 : Professor Atkins is SUPER friendly and understanding and I definitely had a lot of fun in this class, if was one of my favorites. Make sure you remember your deadlines
2.0 : Awfully boring and dry lectures. Honestly, they were borderline painful to get through. Beyond that, she is a unnecessarily tough grader and she marks off a ton of points for very minor errors. Felt impossible to do well.
4.0 : Dry, boring class that feels like a high school power point lecture. Attendance isn't mandatory, so not many people would regularly show up. She didn't give great feedback so I got the same grade on every single paper. Two papers for each exam (mid term and final) and two other papers which are easy enough. Even if you don't try you will pass.
3.5 : Dr. G is a really nice guy. He's helpful. It's just the subject. Stat was not fun to learn. If it wasn't required I wouldn't have taken it. He tries to make it as interesting as he can though.
4.0 : DO NOT GET THE TEXTBOOK. Lab barely ever runs the whole time. Everything you need is given within the lecture/powerpoints. He lets you use the powerpoints and your notes on quizzes and exams, which is MAD clutch if you know how to search documents quickly. He is smart, patient, teaches well, and is a very fair teacher who wants you to get an A.
4.5 : Dr. G is great. Statistics is tough, but he makes the course as enjoyable as possible. He is the nicest and most approachable professor I've met at Mason. You don't need the book, but attendance is crucial. Even if your quiz grades start slipping - if he sees you come to every class he'll do whatever he can to help you pass.
1.0 : I wish ratemyprofessor did not have such terms of service as I have quite a few choice words for Dr. G. Took a few semesters ago. Tests are unfair &amp; capricious as they test the students ability to understand Dr. G's tests rather than the actual material. No homework or any medium to study Dr. G's original tests aside from the slides. Horrible.
3.0 : She is a wonderful lady, yet all over the place. Show up to class and show her you care and you are set. She genuinely is there to help you! Just don't expect grades throughout the semester and hope for the best when you receive your final grade. Attendance is mandatory so show up but be prepared to be bored or distracted.
5.0 : Peggy was great!  She grades hard but fair.  This is an English class for social science students, so expect to write English papers, not scientific journal style papers.  The topics were controversial, but only because they were emotional, not because they were prone to debate (A slave rebellion and The Holocaust).  She makes you work for it!
3.0 : Mrs. Scolaro is a very nice professor who intends to raise awareness on many important issues. But, for a writing class there is little to no instruction on writing.
2.0 : Class is mandatory. Her assignments are vague. I get bored in class very often. She's very nit picky on grading, so don't expect to get an A in this class.
1.5 : Don't let her first impressions fool you. She has no intentions of helping students that are learning English as a second language. The graded work are returned months after they are due and are generally returned after the next assignment has already been turned in. It makes it tricky to follow what her grading criteria is.
5.0 : She was by far my favorite professor at George Mason University. Those who did not do well in her class did poorly because they did not put forth the effort. Give her effort, and she will help  achieve whatever goal you have. Great professor.
5.0 : Loved this professor. Coming from someone who hates writing and is not good at it, this was my favorite class. She's so sweet and is very passionate about the topics discussed in class.  She cares about her students and helps in any way she can. I 100% recommend her to anyone!
5.0 : Great professor that shows a genuine interest in teaching.  Very fair, reasonable, and flexible.
3.0 : Professor uses problematic language. Can be kind and helpful but, often forgetful of conversations. Does not give many opportunities for improvement or changes. Would not recommend if you are aware of social issues. Attendance is not taken but there are often in class assignments.
5.0 : Professor Scolaro is one of the best professors at Mason in truly caring about the students that walk into her class. She gives great feedback and wants you to succeed in her class-- definitely recommend!
5.0 : We used a pocket APA book and graphic novels in place of a textbook. I took her for ENGH302S, and we read 'Maus' and 'Nat Turner.' She tried to find ways to make difficult topics more interesting and manageable. We wrote a research proposal rather than a paper. She returned assignments in good time and gave good feedback. Expectations were clear.
5.0 : Professor Scolaro was amazing! The class I took was with a business focus so it is a lot of writing and some research as well. She is really helpful and really nice. I would deff take a class with her again. Just do your work, show up to class, and show her that you care and she will help you.
4.0 : Here's the thing: his style of workshop is too laid back. A lot of his feedback is great though! The problem is that he will show someone a problem with their writing, but he doesn't offer many fixes, and sometimes it feels like he hijacks your story. He's super awesome, and the feedback is good, don't get me wrong, but it isn't ideal for me.
3.5 : Super funny awesome guy. Doesn't give out too much homework and lets you work for it yourself. Gotta speak in class, so just be aware.
4.0 : He's not very involved with workshops because he wants students to talk more. You may like this or you may not. He gives good feedback on stories but it's hard to read his handwriting so you have to ask him. He'll offer advice and help you with your story. Really fun and chill. Show up to class, offer some advice to other writers, and you'll manage
5.0 : Great Professor! Made Sports History an easy class and the material was straight forward. Short answer tests but very Easy!! Just have to show up to class and take notes. 3 Test, short answer, 1 essay, and 1 group presentation. Easy A.
5.0 : Dr. Schumann is easily one of the best profs at GMU, especially in the SPMT department. She gives really interesting lectures with memorable examples and the workload (two short papers, a final paper and exams) is manageable and almost easy if you show up to class and don't procrastinate. Participate! She's helpful, entertaining and engaging.
3.5 : Take this class. It's awesome.  You will learn and it's not hard at all. Dr. Schumann helps you to understand everything.  I recommend.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at Mason so far. She is really nice and keeps class interesting with personal stories that relate to the material. Not a hard grader on essays or final project. To do well on exams all you have to do is memorize her notes. Don't really need book. Go to class for the easy participation points. Easy A really. Take her.
4.0 : She is extremely nice. She wants students to show up to class and she does grade using participation points. She has 2 general papers, (they aren't difficult), and a research paper (work hard on it and you'll do well). The exams are easy especially if you show up to class, but you need to study(all her notes are on BB).
5.0 : Loved her! Her sport psych class was so interesting and insightful. I learned so many things that I will use when I coach my athletes.
4.5 : LOVED this class!! very Personable professor. Cares about her students and the subject she is teaching. extremely knowledgeable. Tests are somewhat challenging but she tells you what to study!
4.5 : Mixed feelings.  Great real life examples but tests were HARD-taken from both lecture and textbook so READ.  3 exams, none dropped, but no final.  2 video-role plays with no guidelines-I recommend taking 326 before or during same semester.  Lots of extra credit.  Nice lady, good stories, the tests were pain and lectures were no help. No attendance.
4.5 : This course is a lot of work, but I have never had a teacher give me so much feedback on my papers. Plus, she gives you feedback on drafts. I had two conferences with her that helped, too. Tough grader, but she is a very nice person.
5.0 : Great English professor. ALWAYS accessible through email. The syllabus and paper assignments were clearly laid out. 10/10 would take again. I took the course online and when I met her in person for my conferences, she was very nice.  There are textbooks required, but I never used or purchased them.
5.0 : This is an awesome class: "Popular Romance Novels." It's not every day that you get to read nothing but novels as "textbooks" and mostly we're just talking about it. If this class is ever offered again, go for it! No exams for the class, but there are some writing assignments and a presentation you'll have to do, so keep that in mind.
3.0 : Don't get me wrong--Prof. Matthews is a great professor. BUT if you're not very good at writing papers, then do not take her. She's a very tough grader &amp; it's just about impossible to get an A or even a high B. She takes points off for very little things and sometimes they are opinions. It's very research focused so don't expect to learn much else.
4.0 : There are two types of highly rated professors: the easy A's and the ones that make you learn. Jessica Matthews is the latter of the two. She is incredibly difficult, but I knew that going into it. She is an amazing teacher and really beats you into shape when it comes to writing, but it can be a lot for an online class. Take her if you write! :)
4.0 : This was an online course for me. She is an extremely tough grader! Participation was the sole focus- many discussion questions, group questions, homework, quizzes etc. The course is mostly research based. But Matthews is a great teacher, always accessible outside of hours and is sweet.
5.0 : Smart, insightful, fun lectures. Tolerates cursing when necessary, which is good, considering it's a modern lit course! Doesn't try to censor anyone, ever, and encourages thought and understanding. Takes a bit to get grades back. Very accessible and kind, but sets a standard. Learned our names in two class periods.
3.0 : Honestly cares about student's learning within the course and enjoys teaching. The course itself is not good and focuses too much on prepping undergraduates to do academic research. Not enough focus on the ability to write. If you have to take this course, Matthews isn't a bad choice, but be prepared for pointless essay requirements.
1.0 : hardest professor ever and so so much work
4.0 : Pros: Pro. Matthews is very accessible outside of class, gives A TON of feedback. Cons: It is practically impossible to get an A. On her grading criteria, it literally says an assignment that "exceeds expectations" is a B. She is extremely picky with the way you do assignments. This is the first English class I will get a B in (even counting HS).
4.0 : I have studied at 3 universities, am very confident in my writing abilities (rarely get below a B+ on essays), and I have to say this is the hardest class I have ever taken. It is very well organized, but if you are taking a lot of classes or have a hectic schedule, maybe look at another section. It is a ton of work and she is a very hard grader.
5.0 : I love Professor Shiraev!!! He is very kind and makes sure everyone understands before moving on. There's 4 tests, the 4th test is the final but he treats it like any ordinary test. An alternative he gives instead of taking the 4th test is writing an essay at home. His tests are all open note for 25 minutes.  His lectures are long but interesting.
5.0 : I skipped more than 60% of the lectures yet still managed to get an A. Shiraev is an excellent professor and one of the best teachers I have had in my entire life. If you don't get at least B in his class you are doing something wrong. Just complete his review guides, and read the powerpoints and attend the reviews by his TA and you will succeed.
5.0 : Professor Shiraev is a great man.  He is my good friend and my great counselor.  He is the author of 12 books.  He inspires you to learn and is there always to help you.  Only you need to do is talk to him and get his feedback.  This class has 4 exams and they are all open source. *hint: understand the context and do not only focus on short answers
5.0 : Excellent professor, definitely taking him if he teaches something else I like. Highly recommended
5.0 : Great professor. Lectures are clear and PPT are on BB. He tells you what to study for and what to write about in papers clearly. Easy A. Would take him again.
5.0 : He is one of the greatest mentors and professors in Mason. He do his best to make sure students do good. He even provide internships and work field opportunities. Interesting lectures. Provide study guides which are basically the exams. Answers all questions and reply to emails quickly. Very respected person. EASY A :)
5.0 : He is there for students, he cares A LOT about students and tries to help them all the time. Study materials are provided and he tells what to study for the exam. Excellent professor, his lectures are very organized and easy to follow. He knows his stuff and can answer any question. EXTRA CREIDTS :)
3.5 : Read the chapters and go over notes on Blackboard and you will pass. Grade consists of 4 exams (multiple choice), all of which you are allowed 30 minutes of open book/notes. Provides study guides for each exam and posts powerpoints on BB. Can be hard to understand/hear sometimes but clear enough to get the point. Would take again.
4.0 : A solid professor. Knows his stuff and teaches clearly. Has a subtle sense of humor that not many of the class will laugh at, it is okay to laugh. Easy tests if you prepare for ahead of time. Has an accent but it isn't that strong. Would take again.
3.0 : 4 tests worth 25 points each. He does give 10 points of extra credit (5 page papers). I only went to 3-5 classes and I managed to get mostly A's on the exams. I did read the chapters and study. You get to use your notes for 30 minutes. He is a cool guy and highly intelligent. I'd take him, but don't expect an easy A if you don't study..
5.0 : Amazing professor. Very intelligent and experienced in the field, teaching for 20+ years and adding on to the course as significant political events occur. Grading criteria is clear and as long as you understand the study guides, you will do great on the exams.
4.0 : Cool guy. He does care about his students, and only have us four, 50 question tests all semester. As long as you attend class, or read the chapters, you're in the clear.
4.5 : Awesome professor! Very funny with interesting lectures. This guy actually went to school with most of the high up Russian officials we learn about, which you just can't find anywhere else. Very knowledgeable about everything he speaks about. Take this class.
2.5 : Dont need to attend class. He goes off on tangents about his trip to Europe and important political people he met. Textbook is necessary. Only did 2 open note exams. Some of the stuff on his exams - I cant even tell you where they came from, but its not the book.  Only easy if you're interested in government and willing to put in alot of work.
4.5 : Love Professor Shiraev. He is an amazing person, also very intelligent. He knows his stuff! I enjoyed his class, his lectures were very interesting. There are 4 Test total, study and attend class. Almost everything he says in class is on the test. Take notes and read the book + the notes before a test. Easy A if you study! Take him, his amazing!
5.0 : One of the best political science professor you will ever take. Very insightful, especially about Russia and Eurasian. Discusses current events in terms relevant to class. Even though I could skip class, no problem, I enjoyed attending. Provides study guides for tests. Moderate efforts guarantees A.
5.0 : Very insightful, especially about Russia and Eurasian. Discusses current events in terms relevant to class. Even though I could skip class, no problem, I enjoyed attending. Provides study guides for tests. Moderate efforts guarantees A.
5.0 : Great Teacher. Long Lectures but open source test.
4.0 : He is very helpful and will respond to his emails fairly fast. His test might be tough but all you have to do is study the book's website,key terms and look over the power points (You'll surely get an A or -A. One problem is that he is very hard to understand because he has a bit of an accent but it is still comprehensible. I would take him again.
3.0 : Easy Professor! Just have four exams to study for, most questions are from online practice quizzesexams that he tells use about in the first class
5.0 : This class was easy. Don't need to show up to pass. Lecture slides (posted online) are from the reading and his four tests are mostly from practice questions (also posted online). Really great professor- he's smart and really cares about his students. He's always up for convo after class and during office hours.
4.5 : Tests are open notes, book, etc. One paper assignment. Lots of extra credit opportunities. Very nice, funny professor.  I didn't put any effort into this class and got a B (I didn't need this class for my major).
4.0 : I went to class and never got anything less than a 96. As long as you read the textbook or go to class (don't have to do both) you should get at least a B on every test.
5.0 : Four tests and one essay. The tests are a mix of short answer and multiple choice. As long as you look at the slides and do some of the study guide, then you will find the tests easy. The paper is long but easy. Tons of extra credit, so as long as you do decently on the tests, you will guarantee yourself an A. Take him.
5.0 : Mr. Shiraev is awesome. He is helpful and it's clear that he wants his students to do well in his class. He is a master of Russian studies, he wrote the book on it! The tests are fairly easy,he provides a study guide but don't expect an A unless you read the book or show up to class, he gives a lot of answers in his lectures. 10/10 would take again
4.0 : Love this dude! Class is interesting and an easy A! 4 exams that have 15 minutes of open notes. No midterm or final and extra credit is offered. He is incredibly smart in his field and loves teaching. His accent can be hard to understand and he says "uh, um" a lot which can be a little tough but overall take him for International Relations!!
5.0 : I have had Dr.Shiraev for 132, 322 and finally 412. I will miss not having a class with him because he is quite simply the best professor in this school. If you get anything lower than an A with him and you are a politics major, consider changing majors. You learn a lot from him and have the opportunity of making contacts with important people.
5.0 : This professor really loves the subject! So the lectures are really interesting! He is a really nice teacher too and gives LOTS of extra credit opportunities. The tests are really straightforward! He also gives open note time for the tests.  I strongly recommend him because he isn't trying to trick you or make the tests hard.
4.5 : Got a decent grade, would have gotten better if I actually tried. But very good professor, highly recommend him! Read and study book and study guides. Do the extra credit that he provides. Very helpful if you have questions/concerns. He also let us use our books during exams for 20 minutes. If you have the opportunity to take his class please do!
5.0 : EXCELLENT PROFESSOR AT GMU! HE IS EXTREMELY HELPFUL AND CARING.. I DIDNT REALLY TRY AND GOT A B-! HIS LECTURES ARE BASED OFF OF THE TEST! DEF RECOMMEND.. GREATTTT PROFESSOR.. :)
4.5 : Do not need to read the book. Powerpoints are completely based off of it. Buy the book though because he will let you use it on exams which is extremely helpful. Also, do the online quizzes and exams because that is where he gets like 80% of the exam questions. Easy to pass. Lots of extra credit!
5.0 : Easiest class I've taken at GMU. Shiraev offers 10% extra credit you can add to your grade.  Exams are easy if you study the website on the study guide.  He co-authored the textbook and it is very clear and interesting
5.0 : Incredibly knowledgeable about international politics, both present and past, however classes are very boring, long lectures. I went to every class, though it's a waste of time really. As long as you know when the exams are and look at the online example testsquizzesflash cards the night before, you can easily get an A no problem.
4.5 : Dr. Shiraev is very knowledgeable in his field and tries to impart his enthusiasm for his field onto his students. His accent can be hard to understand at times. He's a hard person to contact, but I'm assuming it's due to his schedule. Fun class. Worth taking with him.
5.0 : Yes. Take him. He couldn't be more crystal clear on what you need to know for the exams. They're literally exact. If you study the study guide you will do great. Class is interesting and he's funny.
4.0 : Dr. Shiraev is amazing. That said, his lectures come directly out of the book. So coming to class isn't a necessity if you know what's in the chapters.  However, do get the chance to know him! He sounds like a robot in lecture, but he's incredibly knowledgeable and has a good sense of humor as well.
5.0 : Class was easy and the professor was very helpful. He knows how to communicate with his students and is always willing to help them understand or study for his tests. A+ teacher who made a boring class fun.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have taken in 4 semesters at GMU.  Provides a thorough study guide for each exam and is truly passionate about his work.  You can tell he genuinely cares about the future of his students and would be willing to go out of his way to help you in your career path.
5.0 : Amazing professor !!!  Clear about what he wants . knows what he is talking about . gives extra credit , there for his students :D just amazing nice professor love him and I would defnately take him again.  You don't really need the text book or attend classes however you need to attend for the reviews in those he tells us what will be on it.
5.0 : Do whatever you can to get this professor!  He breaks down the material to the simplest possible point so everyone can understand.  He genuinely cares about the future of his students and is more than willing to give extra help if you ask.  Also his exams are open book for 20 minutes.  If you take his class you won't be disappointed :)
4.0 : If you have to take GOVT 132  I 100% would recommend Shiraev. Final grade is based on 4 exams which are partially open book (sidenote: he wrote the book). Complete the study guide as the questions are very similar if not identical and you should do well! Only negative was that he was sometimes difficult to understand. I plan to have him again!
5.0 : Extra Credit pretty much guarantees that you get boosted a letter grade at the end of the semester. 4 tests and that's it. The tests can be a little difficult and you do need the book but hes a great guy and I enjoyed the class.
5.0 : Really knowledgeable and ACTUALLY cares about is students! First professor at GMU so far that cares. He isn't a robot professor. Ask, and he will tell :) I will definitely be taking him again! Moderate work guarantees an A. I got a B due to other classes getting in the way. Take him! He is really good at teaching.
5.0 : Great guy and even better professor. Knows what he's talking about and loves the subject. Pay attention and you'll pass. Also do the study guides.
5.0 : Best professor Ive ever had !!!! Book wasn't needed at all.
4.0 : Barely showed up to class and still passed, as long as you go over his power-points and  do the online practice quizzes/exams you'll be good
5.0 : Take him for sure!!! Sometimes its hard to understand his accent and he kind of talks a lot about nothing but he gives study guides for his tests which are all open notes (and you can use your laptop for notes)
3.0 : He is a great professor and wants to see his students succeed. He is VERY smart and knows a lot about what he teaches. I never showed up to class and my test grades werent the best because I relied too much on the open notes part of his exams instead of trying to learn. BUY THE TEXTBOOK itll help for exams and do extra credit- MAJOR grade boost!
5.0 : Great personality! Uses textbook he wrote himself. His book covers everything in his lectures so attendance not mandatory, but he offers extra credit if you attend classes. Allows you to reference the textbook briefly on tests, so keep up with reading - you won't have time to look up all the answers during the narrow window.
5.0 : Absolutely love Shiraev!! You can tell that he really cares about what he is teaching. His tests are open note/open book and are very easy if you do the study guide. I took him last year and just had to take him again this year because he was that amazing!! 11/10 recommend BEST professor ever
4.5 : This is such an easy class. You don't need to attend class, except for exams. His lecture and powerpoint are straight from the textbook, which is written by him. He also lets you use your textbook and notes for a 20 minute period during exams.
4.0 : Very thoughtful and sweet professor.  You can tell he's clearly knowledgable in his field and truly loves what he teaches.  Can be monotoned sometimes but tries to be as interesting as possible. Attendance not mandatory to get an A. Make sure to read the slides and do the practice exams on his website, he gives you an A on a golden plate :)
4.5 : Professor Shiraev is great! He has so many stories about places he has visited and people he has met. He is very passionate about International Politics and loves hearing student's views on the Int'l world. For our class, every test there was a 20 min. period of open sources. I would 100% take him again.
3.5 : Really nice guy. Was in a lecture hall so I hardly went and still came out with a good grade. Most of the grade comes from four tests. Tests are open book/note/powerpoint. Greatest thing ever. He's a bit difficult to understand sometimes but he definitely knows his stuff.
3.5 : This class is very easy. Show up and you will be fine. I highly recommend it. Prof. Shiraev is nice and he wants you to succeed. If you don't it's your own fault because it's not hard.
5.0 : He is one of my all time favorite professors. He can be a little boring sometimes, but only because he goes into detail and gives a lot of personal input. He is EXTREMELY helpful and does not look down upon you what so ever if you ask for help. His exams are open book, and are pretty much from the slides. TAKE HIM!
4.0 : Smart guy, but too much discussion. Do the study guides!!
4.5 : Super nice guy. Goes off topic a lot and lectures can get fairly dull, but he's got some interesting stories every now and then. Tests are open note and open book. I ended skipping several classes in the second half of the semester and still got an A.
3.0 : Knowledgable, but a very boring lecturer. Sure--the study guide makes the class easy. But if you are hoping for an interesting class then i don't advise taking this course.
5.0 : Great professor. It's really unfortunate that he only teaches one psyc course. He really has an in-depth knowledge of psychology much more than most professors at GMU. His class is difficult, but if you put in the effort you can get an A. I enjoyed taking him and have no regrets at all. Very helpful, understanding, and overall an outstanding prof.
4.0 : He's a good professor. Lectures are boring, but he did cover a lot of important info. I never took Govt132 and I did fine. Slideshows are online so you don't have to go to class. We were graded on 4 exams and 1 paper. The exams are open notes and easy as long as you do the study guide. Paper is 2,500 words long but it isn't hard to get an A on it.
4.0 : Shiraev is a great professor but test 2 in this class kicks everyone's butt so be prepared to study hard and still get a C on test 2. the essay is pointless because almost everyone receives the same grade. he is mostly willing to help students with issues and questions. he sometimes gets off track in lectures
5.0 : Professor Shiraev is amazing! His tests are very easy as long as you do the study guide which has half of the test in it. Reading the textbook chapters will enhance your knowledge of the curriculum and will help with completing the study guides. Throughout the semester he assigns four tests, each worth 25% of your final grade. Would take him again!
5.0 : He is great ! take him and you won't regret. Tests are easy but you have to read to know it even it open book exam but it very details just read and know what page is what to make it easy for a test. He is nice but please don't take it for granted and be respectful to him. He is my favorite so far!
3.0 : Ok, it pains me to say this because he seems like a nice enough guy, but based on the reviews, I expected more. Grades are solely based on tests (90%, other 10% is a 2500 word term paper) and attendance doesn't count at all. All grading and communication is done by his TA Matt. Idk, I say take him but don't expect anything to write home about.
4.5 : Don't need to attend class. Dr. Shiraev is a great guy and incredibly knowledgeable. Open book tests that are very easy provided you fill out the study guide. Time consuming but relatively easy paper, and loads of extra credit. Take him, you won't regret it. Easy A!
4.5 : Prof. Shiraev is very knowledgeable of the subject he teaches and lecture is interesting if you're into the subject. 4 tests but they are open notes and fairly straight forward. He wants you to do well and learn.
5.0 : Take his classes, he is a very good person. If you miss a class on exam day or not agree with your grade talk to him about your difficulties, he give you makeup exam. He is knowledgeable person and help his students too. There are 4 exams 1 paper and extra credits. There is not confusing reading or textbooks. Open book exams.
4.5 : Great professor. Every lecture was interesting. He doesn't expect much but for you to show up to class. If you take notes, you will be fine. Three tests - but, he grades fairly. Loved this class!
5.0 : Prof. Tadie is an expert in his field! He knows lots of information and he loves teaching what he knows. There is no graded work in the class besides a mid term and a final, which is not cumulative. That is one thing that is hard, both exams are essay form. But if you show up to class, pay attention and take GOOD NOTES you will do good on the exams
5.0 : Tadie is most definitely one of my favorite profs at GMU. His class is NOT easy, however it isn't difficult. Do the readings, show up to class and you'll be fine. I had a family emergency during the 3rd/final exam and without his help, I would've had a terrible time trying to get through it. If you have the chance to take him, DO IT
2.5 : Definitely a man with great experience in the field. However, I feel that his old school style of teaching makes him difficult to understand. His lectures are not very organized, and his "handwritten" notes are very sloppy. Personally, I believe that if he organized his thoughts/key points in a PowerPoint he would be much more effective.
5.0 : He was the best Professor of my college career. I wish he taught more classes so I can actually get something out of the other classes I am taking. He lectures without powerpoints or other gimmicks so you have to pay attention. Veteran of the field so he knows what he is talking about. Tests are essay format and are not difficult if you show up.
4.0 : Pretty difficult teacher. But you know he is VERY experience in his field. Even though he doesn't take attendance you should go. He goes over all the material for the exam and if you don't read you'll probably fail. So that being said, book is not necessary as long as you take all the notes he puts and pay attention.
4.0 : wanna give this guy a higher score  (granted u will learn a lot from Tadie as he knows US histry, but unless you have a lot of free time on your hands) you might get screwed by this class. ONLY HAS 2 TESTS NOW  if you screw up on one just know that your done for. His lectures are not boring but hes softspoken. no grade savrs but needs 1 mor test/HW
4.5 : Strict but fair. Attendance is definitely a requirement.
4.5 : one of the best professors I've had. He has vast experience in the field.  I found his old fashioned methods refreshing and I enjoyed it.  His lecture was truly a discussion, questions were welcome and so were opposing view points. Essay exams but the questions were usually thoroughly discussed with basic note taking it should be easy. JUST TAKE IT
4.0 : Lectures are mandatory to pass, he doesn't allow electronics because people have abused them in the past and he's old  fashioned. Just respect that. He is kind, always there to help and very knowledgeable in his field.  He changed his tests to multiple choice so they are a bit tricky, take careful notes. No textbook, just light readings on BB
2.0 : He is kind and he can be mean at the same time. No PowerPoint no nothing you simply have to write down what comes out his mouth. Better come to every class and take notes. Avoid or else you will regret.
3.0 : This class was not bad, however for the material we had to review, I felt we should had more graded assignments just besides two exams.
5.0 : EASY Class! He literally gives out 3 tests and that is it! Take notes! If he writes it, then you better too!  His lectures are good if this subject interests you!  He likes for ppl to show up, but if you can't just email him and he will get you the notes.  He is a fairly easy grader imo, but make sure you know how to write and have good grammar!
5.0 : Professor Tadie gave us two exams last semester and both were very easy. If you show up to lectures and take notes he will tell you exactly what he is looking for in his exams (ie. he will talk about a subject and say afterwards or before 'this will be on the exam). He also goes over important topics before the exam. No textbooks and very accesible
5.0 : Was a bit worried considering the grade was based off of 3 tests and that is it.  However, as long as you attend class and skim the readings, you will pass with ease. He just wants you to learn. I will admit, college gets overwhelming and having a class which has a very little work load really is nice.  Trust me when I say, it is an easy class!
5.0 : Walking into Tadie's class I was very nervous because he started off with saying "At least half of you will fail" but by the end of the semester I was so inspired by him and felt for him. Tadie is tough but he cares and he brings  a lot of passion to his lectures. You will learn a lot about the subject and also life from his class. He is great!
1.0 : Terrible class. The material was very interesting but the tests were horrible. Only 3 exams which had a lot of errors. People were graded totally unfair. So your final grade was almost like a lottery. Most of the class failed the first exam, but the professor still refused to show us our exams to see what was wrong with them. Be aware !!
5.0 : I have taken classes by Tadie  and I am looking for more classes to take!
4.5 : Awesome Professor. Took him for CRIM 310. Take notes about his lectures they matter. No hats nor Cell phones/Laptops.
5.0 : Great professor, probably the best I had a Mason.  Pay attention and you will do fine.
5.0 : Great professor who actually knows what he is talking about! Has field experience (DoH and CIA). No power points, but he speaks slowly enough so you can take notes and he writes on the board. He wants you to pass! Only two papers to decide your grade, but he's a fair grader. Nice guy, too. I'm taking him again next semester!
3.0 : Different from other professors. Doesn't use PowerPoint, doesn't let you record his lectures so you have to listen and take notes. 2 exams, which he does talk about, but its too general so you have to study all your notes. Don't miss a class or you will fall behind. Pay close attention, take good notes, study hard and you'll be fine.
3.0 : Tadie is a decent professor lectures are long because he only teaches night classes there is no technology allowed to be used in the class room ensure that your phone sound is off or else he will call you out the tests are from the info he writes on the board essay tests that require knowledge of the information and an informed opinion
5.0 : This prof is not a tough grader! Go to class, and pay attention, take notes, you will pass with an A (i took 2 classes). Literally just 3 exams. If he writes on the board, it is important, so take notes! He grades on two things: Knowing the subject, and English grammar, which he makes clear.  You can miss a few classes too. Super chill class!
5.0 : Tadie is an excellent professor. He's an expert in his field. He may seem like an old grumpy guy but he cares for his students. His lectures are amazing. Take detailed notes. Tadie clearly states questions on exams and makes his expectations clear. Don't have be greatest writer to pass.  One of my most memorable professors. Don't cross him.
5.0 : GREATEST TEACHER EVER. Except for the narcolepsy, he was very straightforward, fast paced, and helpful. Not too much work. Just hope he doesn't fall asleep in the middle of grading your paper. Nothing like drool crust.
4.0 : Tough exams but gives so many extra credit opportunities.  ALL homework is extra credit.  Knows what he's talking about and has working experience in his field.  Lectures are a little dry, but it's not like money and banking is the most exciting subject.  Just go to his review sessions and spend a few hours studying and you'll be fine
3.0 : He needs to revise his power points to match the book, because it is hard to prepare for class ahead of time which a student should be able to do.  There are extra credit opportunities, which helps.  There are 3 tests, which involve 5 short answer and one multiple choice, and you pick 5 of the 6 questions to do.
3.0 : Great professor, he knows how to structure a class without demanding too much while still teaching the material.  His exams are slightly difficult, all essays but if you pay attention during class you will learn a lot.  He's up to date with current events and expects students to do the same.  Overall great course.
5.0 : Prof. Hoffman is very patient and knowledgeable.  He made the class  very simple and easy. He ensured we understood the key concepts by easy examples. He brought the printed slides to every class. He also worked with us over the weekends and conducted  the review session. He also provides his cell phone number to students!
5.0 : He is very knowledgeable and makes the material interesting and easy to understand. The tests are not easy but he holds a have a review session on the weekend before the exam. I truly appreciate him taking time off out his weekend to make sure the students will do well on the exam.  I true asset to GMU. Take him if you can!
5.0 : Awesome teacher. If you follow lectures notes and prepare for exam, it's easy A. Lot of bonus question as well..
4.5 : She Teaches material that is relevant to writing for an artistic career, how to write about me pages, cover letters, biographies etc.  She ares about students understanding and learning the topic under consideration and is happy to explain when questions are asked.
3.5 : VERSE SPEAKING: Ed's knowledge of Shakespeare and how to handle verse is unparalleled in the department. He also is very active in the DC Theatre so you get insight into the professional world as well. This class definitely helped me get into graduate school. I used all his advice to breakdown my classics monologues.
4.5 : Watch movies and respond. He grades really easy and all you need to do is show up and watch one movie outside of class every week. He's a really nice teacher and the class was really fun! There were no tests, just a final 60 second movie that you have to make, but definitely the best 'Arts class' to take that counts as a Gen Ed credit.
5.0 : Working with Ed was amazing. He really cares about the success of his students and will push you until you are where you need to be.
4.0 : Wonderful class, I learned a ton. Most grades are performance based, but basically if you do the performance and the short report on it (I'm talking like 5 short answer questions) you're  guaranteed a 100% on the assignment. You HAVE to show up to pass.
5.0 : Prof. Gregg is one of the few professors that both cares about his subject deeply, and teaches it well. I loved this class, and I've checked every semester since for other classes of his to take. He's harsh, but not unfair, and always willing to help those who seek it. One of my favorite professors at the university.
5.0 : I loved his class! His lectures were interesting and really explained everything you needed for the tests.
5.0 : Gregg is a great professor and is really engaging in lecture. Although attendance isn't required it's important to be in class since he goes over important imagesstories and explains them thoroughly. Exams aren't too hard but not easy, you have to actually understand the material pretty well if you want a good grade. Overall good teacher and class
5.0 : Professor Gregg was a great teacher. You have to show up, pay attention, and study to do well. But if you do that, you'll be fine. The lectures are very interesting and Professor Gregg makes them very engaging. I wish I could take this class again.  Only three tests and one project. Textbooks were only necessary if you don't pay attention.
2.5 : Gregg is by far the absolute worst professor I have ever had at Mason. His lectures are long and jam packed with information - the man does not take one breath. His tests are the hardest things you will ever take - my study guide was 25 pages in total. I know other reviews look great, but I promise you will regret taking him. Get out while you can.
5.0 : Prof. Gregg was inspiring and interesting. His lectures were long and very descriptive but he explained everything you need to know for the tests. Take notes! His lectures are crucial to passing the tests. Would definitely take him again, if you're interested in the material you'll love his class!!!
5.0 : Professor Gregg was absolutely amazing! He is a great lecturer, and I never found myself bored even for a second. He gives 3 tests throughout the semester that should not be a problem if you don't skip the lectures and take notes. The attendance is not mandatory, however, many things he includes on the tests are from lectures, not books. Loved him!
5.0 : Amazing lectures, never get boring. Has passion for subject matter that is inspiring. I found the 3 tests quite difficult, even after studying. I didn't find his study guides helpful - they basically tell you to study "everything" which defeats the purpose. If I wasn't trying for a 4.0 I'd definitely take him again for the great lectures. Nice guy!
4.0 : He is a smart guy and knows what he's doing, but his class is really has too much work for a 100 level course. I got an A- working my ass off and showing up every class, so its not impossible.
4.0 : Gregg is amazing at lecturing, it literally felt like I was being told a story for 75 minutes 2 days a week. Tests are pretty straightforward &amp; require very little prep if you show up to class and complete his review guides. Would recommend the class and prof to anyone looking to get their arts gen ed out of the way, it's pretty easy &amp; interesting.
3.0 : I took this class as a Gen Ed. hoping for an easy A but it was insanely challenging for a 100 level class. His lectures are good and he is a nice guy who is willing to help but a lot of work is needed to get a good grade.
5.0 : Has great, thorough powerpoints and interesting (fun?) lectures on Greek Mythology.  (I did not require a single textbooks)Gave no homework all semester. Useful exam review guides. But coming to class everytime is a must. He can get a little overupset at walking in loudly,late or if phones go off etc. Let him be, and hes golden.
5.0 : His lectures were so interesting and never bored me. It did require showing up to class and taking notes because he didn't post any of his power points but I didn't mind because i enjoyed what we were learning. His tests are difficult but he tells you what to study so if you study hard you will get good grades. Favorite class this semester.
4.5 : Excellent professor - extremely knowledgeable, helpful, approachable, and reasonable. One of the BEST! Gregg provides lots of insight and encourages all discussion. I was initially terrified of the seminar-style class set up and expectations but it was a pleasure and I learned so much from the experience! Take him but also be prepared to work!
5.0 : He's incredibly knowledgable and seems to know exactly how to explain the answer you need. Additionally, he's more than willing to advise and meet his students to take on questions or help goad curiosity about readings or work. He's also cute.
5.0 : WONDERFUL class. I didn't have a lot of interest in Art History prior to taking his class, but because of his teaching, I ended up making it my minor. I highly recommend his ARTH 200 course. He's very passionate about what he teaches.
5.0 : Everything you need to know for the tests is covered during lecture. You need the books to look over the specific images in preparation for the test. Lecture is packed with info, so you need to be able to take notes fast. You need to study for 4-6 hours for each test, which is little compared to other classes. Very passionate, fun prof. Recommended
5.0 : Dr. Gregg is an amazing lecturer. He knows the material and he knows how to make it interesting. He gave study guides for all tests and was very clear about expectations for graded work. He does expect you to know the guides backwards and forwards since he gives you the exact items of focus. Pay attention, take notes, read, you easily do well!
5.0 : I have had about 5-6 of Gregg's classes and he has become one of my favorite professors! He is in NO WAY easy, though. You have to work hard to earn an A but he is extremely intelligent and is very passionate. Copy down every single word he says in lecture (I recommend bringing your laptop to type everything he says) and you'll be golden!
4.5 : I do not like art but I took this class to fulfill my art gen ed. I am glad I took it because it is so interesting. Gregg's class is lecture based but it isn't boring at all. You learn all about Greek mythology and the art along with it. Exams are all short answer, but if you go to class, take good notes, and study they aren't too bad! Take him!!
4.5 : He is a good teacher but if you are taking a 100 level class I wouldn't recommend him because he expects an insane amount of detail, unless you do not think you would have a problem of course.
4.5 : Professor Gregg was one of my favorite professors this year.  He really knows his material, since he works as an archaeologist on site during the summer, so you can't take an easy way out with the exams, but he's a great lecturer and his study guides are basically the tests.  Overall, I found the class really interesting and would take it again.
4.5 : I loved this class, listening to Prof Gregg's lectures is like having someone tell you a really good story. I took this class on a whim to fulfill my core art requirement and I'm so glad I did. The exams are all free response but they're a breeze if you pay attention in lecture. He's really understanding good with answering any questions you have.
5.0 : If you're a fan of Greek Mythology, take this class. Prof. Gregg turns his lectures into vivid stories that makes taking notes super easy. If you miss class, you HAVE to get the notes from a friend because a lot of material is covered each class. He gives study guides that basically tell you what you need to know for each test. I LOVED this class.
4.0 : (My first semester of college) Gregg has very thoughtful and interesting lectures, really loves what he teaches, and is very knowledgable about the subject. He doesn't post the slide shows online so unless you have a friend, its important to go otherwise you'll miss key info (although he does use textbooks which explain the material). Not an easy A
3.0 : His class is very interesting, but he requires a lot of work for a 100 level course. I don't find his exams to be fair since most of us are not art his majors, he brought my GPA down  which sucks. I never skipped class and always took notes but did poor in this class,  so good luck if you take him,  which I would strongly advise you not to
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at Mason thus far. Took art history as a Gen ed and ended up loving it. Gregg is incredibly engaging and knows how to tell a story. You have to go to class to get an A but I loved his lectures. 3 exams and one easy, grade boosting project. You'll have to put in some effort for an A but if you pay attention and take notes, A
5.0 : Made class interesting. Must do readings beforehand to know the stories. Study for tests; they cover a lot and are cumulative. Tests are all free response/matching. No HW. accessible and TA has hours to go over your test grade. 1 project but easy. Not too hard but you have to put in effort. Would take again.
5.0 : Each class with Gregg consists of storytelling, mythology trivia, and art interpretation. He answers questions thoroughly and politely and is very approachable and responds to emails quickly. The class consists of 3 exams and 1 project. Gregg grades very easily. He tests exactly on what he covers in lectures so attendance is a must.
4.5 : AMAZING. Don't expect an A to be handed to you, but if you put in a moderate amount of work (go to almost every class and prepare well for the tests), you'll be fine. He's so into the subject material that even if you hated Greek mythologyart, you'll leave wanting to major in it. By far my favorite professor this semester. I took this as a gen ed.
5.0 : Great professor, a lot of fun and very interesting professor.
5.0 : Great guy. Class is by no means easy but he gives enough extra credit opportunity to make up for it. You do have to put in effort but it's very doable to get an A. He's prolly the best stat professor for intro to stats considering how little some of the others in the department care.
5.0 : The material is hard, however he teaches it well, I am not a Statistics/Math persona and I still got an "A" in this class, trust me when I say that you really should take his class.
4.5 : Best STAT professor ever! Extremely nice and also very helpful when you ask questions. He gives out study guides before mid-term and final and even offers students study session to help you prepare for the final!
1.0 : Rude, nasty, disrespectful. I had her for 7 weeks and every lecture she would fine some way to mention how many degrees she has. Try to avoid. Just don't ask questions or email her because she'll find a way to yell at you.
3.0 : Professor Douglas can be irritating, extremely judgmental and rude. She is a talented lecturer, pretty clear in course expectations, fairly respected by students but rubs many people the wrong way.   Advice: Make a good first impression because she doesn't seem to change her's
5.0 : Dr. Douglas is one of the finest faculty members that the GMU nursing department has. Her class was very well organized and clear. She provides everything you need to prepare for exams and assignments. She used lots real world examples and made the course very interesting. She is there for her students and will take the extra time to help you out.
4.0 : There's a lot to say about Dr. Jacobs. She's an easy grader if your style of writing coincides with her beloved Zinsser (who is very arrogant). Very nitpicky about certain things (see: Zinsser), and she repeats her self over and over to the point where you want to bang your head on the desk. The class is VERY easy though, so definitely take it!!
5.0 : There's a lot of busy work in comm101 but all students do the same thing. except prof Troy gives so many extensions and tries to give everyone As, he's super understanding and even with skipping many classes he wont dock too many participation points. he's funny and engages his students, overall super amazing 100% take him you wont regret it
5.0 : Prof. Bogino is a great professor. His lectures are easy and funny. Majority of learned information will come from the textbook, but its not bad if you stay focused. He has a easy grading criteria. Just follow the rubric and you will end up with a high grade. Allows some assignments to be submitted a few days after the due date. Super chill.
5.0 : I would definitely recommend Prof. Troy. He's a cool and fun guy. The course is structured to have many assignments and projects, but if you need help, he is accessible and respectful.
5.0 : This guy is the man.
5.0 : Great professor! Such a nice guy and actually takes the time to learn the students names. Got an A on almost all my speeches. Recommend him to all students.
3.5 : If you want to pass Comm and not have to work... pretty much at all.. then take him. I didn't really like him all that much, but it was a really easy class. I didn't really learn anything.. but again, easy class.
5.0 : He is so easy just do your essays show up. If you practiced once you will get an A on your speech. He is so funny and chill about the entire class
5.0 : One of the best teachers ever! He is really nice, very respectful, and wants you to think of him as a friend rather than your professor,which is why he prefers to be addressed by his first name from his students. He really takes the time and effort to know everyone's name and face.
3.5 : Troy was great. A lot of people take advantage of him due to his laid back attitude, but if you show up to class you will learn how to speak in public, mostly through experience. Most of his classes are him talking about golf for a while before he covers a topic for a very short period of time.
5.0 : Amazing professor--he takes the time on the first day of class to remember everyones names and continues to ask how everyone is doing throughout the semester. I don't think I've gotten less than an A on any of my assignments. There are a lot of assignments but nothing is too hard.
5.0 : Dr. Bogino is a great professor, but try to take COMM100 instead of 101 if you can. COMM101 is jam packed with so much busy work, and while all of it is easy, its so much to do. Fortunately, Bogino is a lenient grader, and it's not hard to ace his class if you just do the work.
5.0 : best class ever
4.5 : This class is one of those classes that you get what you put into it. If you try to become better at public speaking, you'll certainly get there. If you are looking for more of a show up and pass class, this is the class! At the end of the day it's all up to you, and you'll probably still end up with an A. If he's available, definitely pick him.
4.0 : Professor Troy is really good at the subject. he makes his students feel comfortable with stage anxiety and public speaking. showing up to class is essential just because it shows that you care and theres a 60 point participation that comes to play. as far as the book goes all you need are the evaluation sheets so try sharing one with a friend.
5.0 : He is the greatest professor at this subject. He is fair to the students and very funny. I was worried to take Public Speaking class but he made students to feel more comfortable. I would definitely recommend taking his class! VERY EASY A comm class if you have him!
5.0 : My favorite professor this semester. He really cares about his students. Show up every class, because there are 60 points account for the attendance I suppose.
5.0 : HE'S AWESOME!! Very friendly and funny! I feel bad that I don't usually go to class cause it's early but still when I attend, his info and advices help u to prep for ur speeches! Even though my class was early, the professor was the best! He really makes everyone feel comfortable with him and talks to us like a friend! :D
5.0 : Professor Troy is awesome! He is a very lenient grader. If you do the work you will succeed, its as simple as that. His lectures are genuinely interesting. Definitely take him if you have the option.
5.0 : Professor Bogino is the best instructor you could ever have. He really makes you feel comfortable and confident speaking in public. I really learned a lot from his class and I will miss his sense of humor that makes the class fun. He also cares about his students and want them to be successful. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Professor Troy is a great teacher and the best I have ever seen. I loved his teaching style. I am glad I took his class. I would recommend to take him, you won't  regret.
4.5 : A bit awkward sometimes, but out of humor. Seems to care about students, not too hard not too easy. Great speaker who gives great advice.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Definetly recommend him for comm 101. Even if the class is an easy A, you still learn valuable information. :)
5.0 : when I found out comm class was required I was kind of nervous at first but after taking Troy's class I became a better communicator&amp;speaker.I definitely recommend him, he gives great lectures, great feedback, responds to emails on time, and he cares for his students. The assignments are simple, there are no quizzes/midterm exam, only a final exam.
5.0 : Professor Bogino is phenomenal. He truly cares about his students and wants to them to pass in every way possible. Make sure you do the assigned PTP's, IPC journal entries, write all three papers, research your topic for your speech thoroughly, AND work hard on the group project. As long as you do all of those things you will pass with an easy A.
5.0 : He is super chill, you can get away with missing a few assignments, but have to make up in larger projects. EZ grader
5.0 : Professor Bogino is a lenient grader and he also sends out reminder emails. Comm 101 itself is an easy class with a lot of busy work. You have to do 21 quizzes online on Blackboard, which are based off of the textbook readings and has unlimited attempts. There's also 3 public speaking presentations (1 individual, 2 group). Its not too bad I promise
5.0 : Prof Bogino is the best professor i had this semester. He is a funny guy and will make you enjoy communication. Just do the assignments and you will pass. TAKE HIM!!!!!! TAKE HIM!!!!!.
5.0 : She is very nice my best prof.
5.0 : THE BEST TEACHER EVERRRRRR!!!!!!! just love her, very very very helpful and works hare to help you even when u have F she will work with you hardly to bring the best of you and get an A, she knows how to teach, smart and u will done with the class by having extremely strong knowledge, freaking professional english teacher.
5.0 : After one semester with her, i became very sad that I spent 4 semester learning english without the benefits i was accepted. She is a great and professional, i hope if i had her all semester, i never speak english or think about reading after her class, she made the most effort to make me understand the academic reading which surveys me now.
3.0 : she is a nice teacher but the problem is that she gives the boys better grades than girls . she doesn't give the students good grade until she see that they work hard. It's really hard to get an A in this class.
4.0 : Actually, this is my first time to ever comment on this forum. The main reason I had to do this is because I want others to have the same opportunity I had with Prof. Habib. She is a great instructor. She challenges you to bring out the best out of you. Take her class, and you would never regret it. Starbuck!! oh luv her =)
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR IN ENGLISH EVER
5.0 : Habib is a great teacher since she gives helpful feedback. She also gives good grades. Although there is some material to read and annotate, you won't regret to take her!
5.0 : What a wonderful woman! She was so sweet and so accommodating. She really did work to make sure her students succeeded. Very accessible online, and always very kind. Not to mention she grades very easily. She's also tetra-lingual! Definitely take beginning spanish from her.
5.0 : This class is so easy it's a joke. I didn't take the placement test and haven't taken Spanish in years, and I have a 98% with just two assignments left.  She is very sweet and responds quickly. In person interviews were a joy because she's hot. Highly recommend.
2.5 : She's a nice person, and the class isn't super difficult, but the tests are really tough and the lectures are extremely boring. My class wasn't huge on class participation, so she would just ask a million questions, answer them herself and then just lecture on. She's an ok teacher, but very "by the book".
4.5 : She was an amazing online professor. She was very helpful and always there when you needed her. Take this class!!
4.0 : Vikis is a great professor. This is upper level, so it does require some work, with a lot of online homework (that's pretty easy). Overall, I'd say this class is worth taking as long as you're ACTUALLY interested in learning spanish. A lot of assignments but they're easy and she's a fair grader.
5.0 : It's a pretty easy class, just tedious. She is a great professor though!
5.0 : She is a pleasant person. She is very helpful and responsive to emails. Her feedback helps me improve. I got over my fear of speaking in Spanish thanks to her. I gained some confidence. This online class involves video chat interviews, compositions, and partner speaking activities. The homework load is very heavy. This is a challenging class.
3.5 : Her class is super boring but she is a good professor. I can't tell if she's actually happy or not... I have an A in the class. However, my class doesn't like to participate so she kind of just looks at us and answers the question then moves on.
3.5 : Easy grader. Make sure you do all the work, it adds up.
4.0 : I took Professor Vikis two semesters in a row because I liked her so much. She is a great teacher. She will respond to emails very quickly and she's very understanding. Definitely recommend!
4.5 : Prof. Vikis is very sweet and helpful. Class is boring a lot of the time and she gets kind of awkward because people don't usually answer her questions so she just stares for a bit then moves on. Definitely have to self teach and study a lot on your own for the test.. but thats normal for spanish classes.
4.0 : I'm not going to lie, this class was somewhat difficult. The compositions and the tests (which account for 45% of the final grade) were pretty hard, but the other assignments were pretty easy. There was a lot of homework, but it was very easy as well. Taking the class in person would definitely be easier, but an A is still attainable online.
3.5 : Won't hold your hand, but certainly knows how to get the best out of his students. Brilliant mind and exceptional writer--have taken him for multiple classes already, will sign up for more classes with him in a heartbeat.  Don't pass up the opportunity to study with Alan!
4.0 : Professor Richard Wood is an excellent instructor. He knows his way around the studio. He does not follow the syllabus so be aware to follow his instructions very carefully. If you show up and do the work you can get an "A".  a pop quiz in every class so make sure you study for it. He quizzes the material before teaching them to you, so be aware.
5.0 : Dr Brian is helpful. His exams are based on homework and class notes. There are projects associated with the class which can be some time hard. Pop-up quizzes are also part of class grade.
4.0 : He is very clear, very knowledgeable, very fair, kind, and personable.  I found his course structure typical, but the course was pretty easy.  For the most part, I really liked him and would speak highly of him.  The only problem is that HIS LECTURES ARE VERY BORING!  I dreaded going to class, and the material was absolutely uninteresting.
4.5 : By far one of the best! If you ever need anything he is there to help. He made the terribly early 0730 class totally worth it.
3.5 : Honestly one of the easiest to pass online classes ever. The material is confusing and the lectures are really long. Never watched a lecture passed opening  greetings. Test is open notes. Googled all the questions. PDF Links with his notes pop up with the case summary for his questions. Got a B for never ever studying once for the class.
4.5 : Couldn't have asked for a better professor.  Sure, the material is boring, but the grading is as fair as it gets, and he's always willing to help.  Skim the notes, take the practice quizzes, email him if you're confused, and you'll do fine.
4.5 : Great professor. Online class, he posts notes and reading assignments to follow along with lectures. The only grades are four 50 question exams and he GREATLY curves the grades. Lectures are very interesting. He is available for help through Skype. Recommend going over exams with him after. Don't need to read as much as it seems, skim articles.
4.0 : The entire grade is made up of 4 exams. Did not read or study until the exam period. Exams are not easy, but he knows it and has a very nice grading scale. Easy, stress-free course.
5.0 : He is a very nice professor. However, there are lots of readings. I rather read a text book. His exam questions are so long and tricky. Its already difficult so his exams make the class even harder. He is nice, but if you want to stress out and read, than take him. read, read, read.
4.5 : Prof. Kozlowski's  lectures are a little dry but he's a super nice guy, and willing to go over exams with you. He has an excellent understanding of law &amp; the lectures help to highlight the points in the cases. Be prepared for a lot of reading (and re-reading, break out the highlighter). Law is not easy so attention to detail and verbiage is key!
4.0 : Great, motivated instruction.
3.0 : She is passionate about what she does, but the papers can be confusing
5.0 : she knows well what she is teaching. Assignments are not easy but they will make you to explore and understand related field. I feel lucky that I have taken class with her. She assigns a good number of texts and secondary readings  that might sometime cause headache. Otherwise, she is the best!!
5.0 : I LOVE PROFESSOR HARVEY. She's my favorite professor of all time. She made really difficult theories (which are terrifying) super approachable and was so nice and invested in her students. She also let us study Beyonce's Lemonade this semester which I loved. we had 2 papers, a final group project with a presentation and a final paper.
5.0 : The readings are a lot and mostly almost all of them were difficult to understand. Her lectures made it easier to truly understand the theorist and their theory. The papers are somewhat difficult because you have to apply the theory to your topic but the professor provides good feedback and is always available to help you.
4.0 : I had Dr. Harvey for HNRS 110, which is a course all Honors College freshman are required to take and is very writing intensive. She is an amazing person who cares deeply about the growth and success of her students. I feel that I learned so much from her about scholarly research and writing academic papers. This class really improved my writing.
5.0 : She was the best professor I've had in college thus far. She made a really tough subject approachable and worth-while. She's amazing and i highly recommend her
5.0 : The textbook readings were assigned, but after the first few, I realized they were optional because she never checked if we read them. Stay focused on your research and make sure you pick and interesting topic that YOU like, and this class will be marvelous. Harvey is a great professor, she really cares about her students and their success.
5.0 : Lao Shi Chen is the most caring and understanding professor I've ever had. Even though Chinese is a challenging language, she makes it fun and interactive so it's like you're not even learning. You will actually want to come to class!
5.0 : For Chinese being such a hard language, she makes it easy. She knows the answer to any Chinese related question and she doesn't mind helping. Her tests aren't hard at all and neither are her quizzes.
5.0 : She is a great teacher even though the class may look hard, she makes it easier to understand. She is also funny and she will tell really funny personal stories. This was honestly my favorite class.
5.0 : Chen Lao Shi has been an amazing instructor for me this semester. While taking her 6 credit introductory Chinese class, I learnt to appreciate the culture and the Mandarin language. She is not there to trick you but to help you learn. Her tests reflect on the class material covered throughout the semester. Show up to class and you'll get an A+!
5.0 : TAKE HER CLASS if you're interested in learning Chinese. She makes Chinese more interesting and easy. EASY A!
4.5 : Chen lao shi has been an amazing Chinese teacher. Her English is very clear and I've never had a problem understanding her. She's really sweet and gets excited about everything so it isn't hard to impress her. She reviews before every quiz and test, and drops the lowest test grade and 2 lowest quiz grades which is nice. Make sure you go!
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I've had so far. Very helpful and energetic and also gets you motivated to learn. This class is slightly tough, but she really prepares you well in all aspects of Chinese as far as reading, writing, speaking, listening, and even culture. Highly recommend her, she's fantastic!
4.0 : 4 in 5 classes there is either a test, quiz, or presentation in front of the class, so I felt under a lot of pressure all the time. All tests include both new and old material - so if you don't have an amazing memory class gets harder and harder. Didn't like the amount of group work. Teacher makes material very clear. Good textbook and videos.
5.0 : Professor Chen is an awesome professor for Chinese! She has a great teaching style and really works hard to help us understand the language. She made Chinese seem less scary than you think when you first decide to start Chinese. She really cares about her students and is a very nice professor. I recommend her to everyone who wants to take Chinese!
5.0 : She's an awesome Chinese instructor! Fun and engaging classes! There are tests every 2 weeks and plenty of homework to do, as well as two presentations, but she is also very helpful.
5.0 : I haven't taken Chinese in awhile but this teacher helped me review Chinese and provided the whole class with tips on how to learn Chinese. There are quizzes and tests but two of the lowest grade is dropped. Take her if you want to learn Chinese, she is awesome!
4.0 : She is really nice and offers help. She grades on homework and projects. Make sure you watch the movies she assigns because she quizzes you on them.
4.0 : Guerrieri is AMAZING! all she ever wants from students is to show that they care. If you put effort, come to class, and ask questions you will get an A. I would definitely recommend her even if you're not interested in art. Very caring, enthusiastic, and helpful! TAKE HER!
5.0 : She is AMAZING! this is an easy A class if you take notes on the film she shows the final which is take home has questions on them. Show that you care and that you are putting effort into what you're doing and you get an A. Prof. G is very enthusiastic, caring, and a great artist. Whether you're interested in art or not, TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : I have no artistic ability! Prof G grades based on effort and improvement, so even though my projects didn't look the best I still got A's. There are a few very easy quizzes (she tells you everything that will be on them), around 6 projects (lots of time to work on them in class), very little reading, and two easy papers. EASY A! Take this class!
4.0 : Wants you to do well. If you show up and put in effort she will give you a good grade. She just wants to see you improve!
4.0 : Natalie (or Professor G--she goes by either!) is a doll.  She's super sweet and is genuinely there for you and encourages you to do your best.  It's a nice 100 level art class.  She's also super cognizant of how expensive art supplies and textbooks are and does her best to get us funding.  Love her and her class!  Would definitely take it again.
4.0 : This class is beyond easy, although I cannot say I learned too much because she taught the basics of 2D design, which I learned in high school. If you are new to art, I would recommend her. She is an easy grader and assignments are all in class.
4.0 : In this class, you're mostly being graded on your actual projects, though there are also a handful of written tests which require you to stay on top of the information that she emails out to everyone. Overall though, the class isn't hard as long as you check your emails and do your best on each art project.
3.0 : She is a nice professor and cares about her students. However she is a bit unclear about the assignments and the test are tough, there was a written midterm and final exam. I studied for both but got B's on both so study !! She grads easy on the projects though and she lets you fix it and get a better grade for it. The textbook is pretty important.
5.0 : Loved her class! Very enthusiastic and simply AWESOME! Several projects (wants to see effort), 1 presentation, and a take-home final exam which is based on movies and the readings she gives which are super short and simple. LOVED her class! Might not be the easiest art class out there, but definitely the most enjoyable. Oh, and she's gorgeous.
3.5 : Natalie truly does care about the students, and one thing that I really appreciated is that she never judged your ability to create something spectacular. You were judged based on your ability. The written midterm and final were killer. They are actually really hard. Also don't get behind on your reading or you'll be screwed on the exams.
5.0 : Evan really knows what he's talking about. I recommend taking him if you're looking for life lessons that will go beyond university. A lot of reading sometimes. 200 pages per week, but it's worth it.
4.0 : Professor Braff's class was engaging, you will learn valuable information through the reading, even though it seems like fluff at first look. He has a love for the National Parks, and you will too after the readings. He is truly dedicated to what he teaches and it shows. Makes for a great learning experience!
5.0 : Evan really tries to make sure you're learning something that you can use for the rest of your life. Sometimes a lotta lotta reading but it's all valuable. 1 page double spaced reflection due every week is the only homework. Final exam is just to do a new leisure activity.
5.0 : She always makes our class very active and most of the students like her class. There were really few students who skipped  her class because they find it exciting and very helpful.
5.0 : she is the nicest professor I have had at Mason. She genuinely wants you to love human resources and she is a wonderful resource. Attendance is mandatory as participation is 25% of your grade. She really wants you to understand the concepts. If you show her you care and are engaged you will do just fine
5.0 : Great Professor overall. Just beware that if you do not participate in class, you will have a hard time passing this class because, there are pop quizzes and she talk about stuff that comes out at test during class. She gives an exam guide for every test and is willing to help students to fill in the blanks. Excellent teacher learned about HR a lot
5.0 : Dr. Parker is really one of the best professors I have had in my four years at Mason. I really thing every student needs to take one of her classes! She is a very genuine person who is an expert in Human Resources. Even if you're uninterested in the career, the content is material that is good to know when job searching &amp; interviewing
5.0 : Dr. Parker is the best professor I had at Mason. Attendance is not mandatory, but you are graded on participation. Pay attention and study the slides and you will do great. Tests are very straight forwards. Like I said, she is my FAVORITE professor. Very informative class! She is very helpful in every way possible! Awesome teacher wish taught more!
5.0 : Dr. Parker is so nice and really wants all her students to do well. Her lectures are also very interesting. There's no tricks or anything particularly difficult about her class. Just attend class, study, and you'll get an A. (Bonus: she posts HR opportunities on BB, and that's how I got my internship!)
5.0 : Took both MGMT 321 and 421. I said this class was an easy A, however, that means going to class, participating, and doing all the HW. Dr. Parker genuinely cares about her students, which you don't find in all professors these days. She is always willing to help and offer advice in any way she can- she wants you to succeed. I would highly recommend!
5.0 : Great professor. She sincerely cares about student's learning and success. Attendance and particapation are both graded. I am introverted at heart, however, I didn't have a problem speaking in her class - really made me comfortable with public speaking and I learned a lifelong skill. Lots of group work, case studies, and one final.
5.0 : I took MGMT 321 and 421 with Dr. Parker. She is extremely knowledgeable of the material. Her PPT are very clear, explains every concept in class, and always available. She also provides a very detailed feedback for every assignment. Study guides are posted 1-2 weeks before the exam.  One of the best professors I had at George Mason.
5.0 : Dr. Parker is awesome! 7 "pop quizzes" throughout the semester; two lowest are dropped. They were usually about case reading that was assigned. 3 exams, a recruitment proposal, and an interview conducted online. Textbook wasn't necessary; tests are based on lecture material. 5 pts of extra credit available during the semester. Would 100% recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Parker is fair, wants to help you succeed.  Go to class, pay attention.  Extra credit is offered.  This class is fun and interesting, I took Employment Law before this class and that helped me, even if you took it at the same time it is beneficial.  If she taught more classes besides this one and Advanced HR, I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : I loved her. She really tries to make HR interesting and jokes about topics that are dry. 5 in class write-ups but they are easy if you read the assigned material. Follow the given study guide for exams using the slides and you are set. The main paper was not difficult at all.
5.0 : We need more professors like Professor Parker. She takes a genuine interest in teaching and wants every student in the class to succeed. She is a subject matter expert in Human Resources. If you make an effort, you can certainly succeed in her class and she values it. One of the nicest persons I know as a professor. Pay attention in her class!
5.0 : Dr. Parker is a rare gem at Mason's Business School. She is extremely knowledgable about the content and has a very clear grading criteria. She really cares about her students and wants to build relationships with them. She is one of the best professors I have had a mason and wish there more others like her! Definitely take her!!
5.0 : Dr. Parker is truly passionate about her lectures, which motivates me to show up to lecture and learn some good stuff. id take again and definitely recommend her. No surprises, straight forward and transparent with assignments and expectations
5.0 : I agree with the raters below. Professor Parker is one of the nicest professors I've had and is very approachable (and I'm extremely shy!) The class is easy BUT only if you study ! Tests can be tricky so therefore being prepared is a must. She's really not asking a whole lot from her students.
5.0 : Dr. Parker is an amazing professor that deeply cares about her students. She has a warm, inviting personality and is very approachable.  There are 3 exams, 7 in-class assessments (essentially pop-quizzes, top 5 of the 7 count toward course grade), one paper, and a mock interview via webcam. I really enjoyed her MGMT 321 (Intro. to HR Class).
3.0 : Exams are really challenging. Study guide wasn't much help. Extremely nice but makes exams difficult with slides not helping much.
4.5 : Good class. Have to show up for iclicker quizzes. Would be better as a smaller class.
5.0 : He know his stuff! He is very passionate in the topic he teachers, and he tries to get everyone in class involved especially with class assignments. He loves discussions and keeps everyone interested. HIs tests are quite easy if you pay attention in class and go to the test review because the TA gives hints on what exactly will be on the test.
4.5 : Professor Bergman was great and class was very fun to go to.  Tests were very easy if you read the textbook and class was only mandatory because of iclicker quizzes, but they aren't worth a lot of points so missing a couple doesn't hurt.  There are a lot of easy A assignments that help  out your grade.
2.0 : Professor was arrogant, class was not exciting at all. The lectures were mandatory because of all the homeworks, quizzes, and group projects due. If you're taking this for an easy elective, I do not recommend it.
5.0 : Fun class. Requirements are clear, and Professor Bergman is passionate about music. How anyone gets anything other than an A is beyond me.
5.0 : Best class I have taken at Mason so far!
5.0 : Best class I have taken at Mason so far - Too bad it is such a large class. Still, I know a lot more about music then I did.
2.0 : He made a potentially very interesting class pretty dull. There was a lot of work for the sake of doing work. My main issue was that all of his test questions were all extremely specific ("who DIDN'T made an album in 1917?", "who wrote this song"), instead of focusing on the more interesting big picture. Also just an irritating person in general.
5.0 : Pretty easy class. Bergman is an OK guy - gives a lot of iclicker quizzes.
3.5 : PRETTY EASY! You wont need to do any critical thinking in tests, nor memorize small details! Just study the things that he mentions continually in class and his lecture notes on Blackboard. Not reading the textbook would still get u an A. Attending is recommended to follow up with his notes. 3 quizzes +final + 4 short assig. + 5 short discussion Qs
4.5 : Bergman is a good teacher, but the class is too big. The class discussions were interesting. Group work, not so much.
2.5 : His lecture is pretty boring, but you basically have to go because of his iclicker things. His test are easy and so are his assignments so you should be fine in the class if you study his powerpoints. Also DO NOT BUY THE BOOKS I NEVER USED MINE ONCE. Just look over his powerpoints!!!
5.0 : This class is not as easy as people made it seem to be. especially if you are taking a lot of classes. However Bergman is one of the best professor at George Mason. He is quick to response to his students, he is clear with his expectation and requires respect(attentiveness etc).Your grade reflects the amount of work you put in. I recommend!!!
4.0 : Not a hard class at all, but necessarily an easy A. He gives iclickers at random times each class, so even though he posts all his power points on blackboard, still attend class by all means! Very passionate about his teaching and loves to encourage others to get involved in discussions, and praises you for getting answers correct in class!!
3.5 : I went into this class expecting it to be an easy A however that definitely was not the case for me. The tests are not bad but do require reading/studying, the lectures aren't interesting but his passion for music is seen through his teaching, other minor assignments which are easy. But I DEFIANTLY had to put a lot more effort that expected.
3.0 : Don't take his class if you have no interest in music. A lot of work is required to get an A for this class.
2.0 : Don't buy the textbook, go to class (iclicker quizzes) and meet deadlines and you will get an A.  He's not a nice guy and his lectures are pretty boring.  I guess this class is good to fill that arts requirement but I didn't enjoy him or his class at all.
4.5 : This is a good class if you want to learn about music. This is not an easy A, though. You have to do the work and study for the tests (3 tests + final).  It is just like another class.  Bergman is a nice guy and loves Music.  The class is too big for him and the TA making everything disorganized.  I wasted $100 on the textbook that I barely used
4.5 : The professor is very nice and passionate. However, this is not an easy A class, if you are not interested in Music. 3 exams, 1 final(cumulative), 5 discussion questions, 2 group projects, 4 class assignments. Also, no study guides or test reviews.
3.0 : He does not respect his students at all. He uses iclickers as an attendance policy. If you're late, he pulls a clicker quiz at class start on the dot. So you fail. If he sees people get up to use the restroom. He pulls another quiz. Leave early? another quiz. not every class though. lots of excess info given in lecture. lots of memorization.
5.0 : Class was harder than I thought it would be but I learned a lot. Not an easy A. Definitely worth taking though.
5.0 : Bergman is enthusiastic and a good teacher. Tests are hard assignments are easy.
3.5 : There are a lot to take notes in class. It isn't an easy A but at least the material is somewhat interesting.  Although attendance isn't mandatory, there are many iclicker quizzes every class so you kind of need to be there for them.
3.0 : Prof. Ossorio is a very sweet women. She is very invested in her students and will defiantly call you out if you dont turn in a homework or miss a quiz. Attendance is defiantly mandatory and the box is used every day. The class was tough. It moved very quickly and she isn't the best at slowing down and explaining. You will need to study a lot.
4.0 : She's a super nice woman, and requires only the few assignments outlined in the syllabus. Would definitely take another class if she taught it!
4.5 : Class was very interesting. Exams were challenging but he curves generously. All in all a great class and I would recommend it.
4.0 : I didn't give any effort and got a C+.  Do I regret not caring? Yes, but he was very accommodating to the students.  The guest speakers were amazing.  One hacked into a student's iPhone.
4.5 : He is honestly the best professor I have had at George Mason. I organized my entire schedule around this class to ensure I had him as an instructor. He teaches you concepts that your boss wants you to know. He is so helpful and genuine, and I am learning so much about intelligence writing from him.
5.0 : He is now teaching homeland security. He actually is an expert and gives practical information and not just theory. Very interesting lectures and guest speakers. I am glad I took the class. Tests were a bit hard but he curves appropriately. He's also really nice and younger than most professors.  Highly recommend.
2.0 : Quizzes are horrible since you will have one each class. Tests are worse, but online. Gives no indication as to what his class is about. He forgot to email our group assignments, and only gave us 2 week to compose a 15 minute presentation. Reads off the ppt, and there is no discussion. I would avoid him.
4.0 : Professor Razsi is a tough grader, but that's because he is preparing you to write intelligence style papers. He gives great feedback on papers and will help you if you have any trouble. I feel that when I eventually join the Intelligence Community he has given me the foundation to beat out the competition for the job. Gotta work for it though.
5.0 : I was a little skeptical of taking this class online but I loved it! Everything was very organized and easy to understand. The professor provided the lectures on PowerPoint slides and then we had four days to take a quiz on the material. We also had to write a current event every week pertaining to homeland security issues, which I liked.
3.0 : This should not be a 200-level class. Grade is based on 2 exams which are extremely difficult and the lectures are boring to sit through. He curves the exams which was the only good thing. Overall, I would never recommend this class to anyone. If you are looking to take an interesting homeland security DO NOT take it with him.
5.0 : This was a really cool class. He has guest speakers to make it interesting and we watched a few videos. It was a block class but we usually ended early. The material is not super easy but not hard. He curves and I got a better grade than expected. Very nice professor who engages people. He was very responsive on email.
2.0 : Hardest professor I have had, he moves quickly and explains very little.  There is very little time and assignments to help salvage your grade if you do poorly. He provides very difficult assignments and pressure on the students to teach themselves. If your dream is the CIA and wrecked GPA then this is a good class for you.
4.0 : Grades were initially based off of Midterm &amp; Final, which were difficult, but curved them both very generously, which he didn't have to. Also, 5 Lecture DQ's for homework by end of year. Even throws in extra credit every now and then! Nice, funny prof who brings in guest speakers about every other lecture, if not consecutive.
5.0 : He's a very good professor for an online class. Taking an online course is hard but the lectures were clear and really informative on Homeland security issues. He responded within a day or so usually. The current events help keep it interesting and you interact with other students.  Basically you get what you put in but I enjoy the class.
4.5 : i like him a lot. he tries to make the class more than just another lecture. he knows his stuff, and you need to show up and take notes. tests were tough but no trick questions and he did curve it pretty good. i think he wanted to see who can do really well. he is teaching 312intel analysis next semester and i am going to take that with him.
3.5 : He's a nice guy, but I didn't like him very much as a professor. His lectures are pretty boring, but he brings in interesting guest speakers time to time. The midterm asked questions that no one in their right mind would remember, but he curved it well which was very nice. The group projects were fine. The papers to go along with them were rough.
4.0 : He was a very good professor.  Lectures were long but he tried his best to make them interesting by cracking jokes.  Make sure you show up to class, and pay attention.  Grades were split between a midterm, a group project, and a final.  Group project was easy and he graded leniently on that.  Exams were tough but he curves generously.
4.5 : cool professor and interesting. tests are hard but curved.
5.0 : Challenging homeworks. If you solve them by yourself you probably get a good grade. Tough exams.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Mason. Very knowledgeable and willing to help all students. Homeworks require a fair amount of time but it helps because most questions for the exams are from the homework. Highly recommended.
4.0 : He's a really nice guy. Pretty Knowledgeable too. Attendance wasn't mandatory but he did give 7 pop quizzes throughout the semester. The tests were hard especially for someone who isn't in the IT field. Lots of material and terms. But overall it's a fairly easy class. Just make sure to do all the assigned Black Board posts &amp; projects.
4.5 : I took this class for fun rather than because it was mandatory and I can say I'm happy with my decision. Reo is an excellent, engaging professor that is always ready to clarify, help, and guide you to success. So long as you do the readings that work you will get a great grade, and the assignments definitely help you learn the course material.
5.0 : D Wilson is very passionate about what he does, even though he may seem a bit dry at times. He knows a ton about the world and is always ready to share it with you. If you want to get through to him, use logic and prove yourself, he will always be ready to hear what you have to say.
5.0 : One of the best classes that I've taken at Mason.
5.0 : Professor Farr is one of my favorite professors.  He really enjoys teaching. He always tries his best to help students in any way he can. His lectures are pretty great because he gets the students actively thinking and he uses his experiences as a way to get you to understand the material.
4.0 : Took this guy for two different courses in Fall 2015 at the Prince William campus and got As in both of them. There was no homework, just a mid term and a final that he gives you a verbal study guide for that has all the information you need to get an easy A. There was also a group project but it was also pretty simple. Great lectures too!
5.0 : I took Bamford for CRIM 410, 490, and 306. Best professor I've ever had, he's super knowledgable and made the long lectures fly by. Only had a midterm and a final; he gave a study guide the class before so no reason to fail or stress. 490 had an easy paper, and 306 had a pretty easy group assignment. I would definitely recommend Prof. Bamford.
5.0 : I loved him!  He is fun and inspiring. Easy classes and easy exams.
3.0 : Effy feelings about this Prof. He's an awesome man, very high background but I dislike his grading rubric. There's only 2 exams the entire semester, so if you arent a good test taker I would def not suggest him. He lectures for hours and its not very appealing. Teach yourself, study hard and show up for exams and you should be fine.
4.0 : Bamford is a good professor but tends to ramble on. The class is boring. Your grade consists of two exams and a group project which was annoying since I hate working in groups.
5.0 : Prof. Bamford is one of the best teachers EVER!!! You learn a lot especially with his experience as a former cop. He has 2 grades. (1) Mid term  (1) Final - Mostly multiple choice. No homework just study the power-points and his lectures. He gave me a "B" but I earned it but I would give him an "A"
5.0 : He is the best professor I have had at Mason. He is very caring and will help ensure you know the material for the exams. Only 2 exams. No homework. I would take him for any other class he teaches.
4.5 : I loved Bamford, he was willing to help and answered any and all questions. He has a ton of experience in the field and uses his own experiencescurrent events alongside course material. The group project is a headache, but he grades easily. He doesn't give study guides, but he basically goes over the exam during the previous class. Loved him!!
2.0 : Not a bad professor. Class is easy if you know what you are doing. Tests are super long . You dont even need to show up for class because all he does is read the slides for 3 hours when you can do that at home. He says he wont usually teach for the whole 3 hours but he does. He says you get extra credit for showing up for speakers but you dont
5.0 : He is very helpful. Everything is posted to blackboard. I never really showed up for his class and I still did very well on the tests. You do not have to buy the book, everything is through blackboard. Only show up for the tests, unless you like going to class. Very easy and very friendly. Participation does matter, but I still got a good grade.
5.0 : Good class and Easy A if you pay attention. Lectures are interesting and professor Bramford is a nice guy. 4 online tests make up your entire grade, but the only thing is you're not supposed to use any resources on the exam. Good class for an easy general elective credit.
5.0 : Great guy, tries to make jokes so class isnt boring, but the class is boring. He talks for 4 hours straight non stop. But hes a nice guy and the class is easy but based on just tests. You dont even need to go to class because what he talks about is online. Also he says he gives extra credit, he doesnt.
3.0 : It is difficult to rate Professor Bamford because he is a very nice person, respectful, and knowledgeable. However, his lectures are long and old style it can be difficult not to fall sleep. Since he does not take attendance and the only assignments are 4 exams online from the power point presentations, there is no motivation to attend class.
5.0 : So Professor Dinan is a tough exam giver but he emails out summaries of each lecture that tells you to look at certain websites and mentions specific dates. The information on those websites and those dates are what you are given exams on. Exams count for 20% of your grade as long as you work hard on the papers you can pass the class easily.
4.0 : Professor Dinan is incredibly kind &amp; very smart. You will learn a lot in his class but know that his exams are difficult, there's no homework assignments (so, no chance to boost your grade), &amp; his lectures can get boring. However, if you pay participate in class, he will take notice and he will help you! If you like European politics you'll love it
5.0 : Dr. Dinan's class was quite enjoyable. He covers alot but is understanding should one fall behind. His tests are hard, yet the summary emails he sends have all the answers if your at a loss as to what to study.   I would highly recommend his class, his class was interesting, and he has a sense of humour.
5.0 : very smart, witty and kind... good lecturer and nice person
4.5 : Great Professor. Helpful. However the Class is very boring. Bring your laptop.
5.0 : Hopson is a great professor, especially for this course. I would love to take his class again, and I never feel that way. He tries to challenge you, but it also wasn't super stressful work. Make sure to study the terms- pop quizzes. Definitely take him if you can!
1.0 : Hopson is eh... His class is easy but he makes it difficult. He's not helpful at all and very disorganized. This class has been a headache.
5.0 : Hopson is hands down the best professor I've had at George Mason. Took him for 305 and 326, absolutely loved both classes! His lectures are thought provoking and the in class activities are eye opening. You'll have to write quite a bit but, come on, you're in a communication class. You won't regret taking his courses!
5.0 : He is a great professor who cares about his students and the material he teaches will help you learn about other perspectives and become more aware of the world as it is around you. Respectful professor who encourages students to share their opinions.
5.0 : One of the best and most respectful professors I ever had.  399 class was one of the best classes I ever took. It challenged my perspective, while allowing me to grow as an individual. Recommend this class!
2.0 : class was easy but VERY annoying. also not a huge fan of his.
5.0 : Dr. Hopson arranges the course so it's not limited by a definite schedule. Some of the concepts, like privilege, literally came to life in class and Hopson made sure it didn't erupt into a riot. He is not the kind of teacher to read off a powerpoin, he engages each student and punctuates each important idea in class so you know what's on the exam.
4.0 : Not a lot of work, couple papers and 2 exams you must study and read for. The class has a very interesting subject matter and can be uncomfy at times but Hopson respects all opinions. If you read and study, it's a pretty easy class! I looked forward to going to this class.
5.0 : Hopson is an incredible teacher. He regularly uses class activities to get us involved with the material. He is an inspirational speaker with a ton of experience. He also jokes around and is very approachable. He is a fair professor and a relatively easy grader. You must read the book.
4.0 : He is a great in his lectures and makes you appreciate the class. Most of the class is discussion based so you NEED to participate. There are three pages throughout the semester and they are not that hard.  Show up to class!!
5.0 : Professor Hopson is a really good teacher, I learned quite a lot in his class. For the pop quizzes usually he will tell you whats on them before you take it, so that makes it easier. The only complaint I would have is that he is a little hard to reach outside of class, but overall a very good professor.
4.0 : Hopson is a very good professor that it knowledgeable about his topic and cares about what he is teaching us. His lectures are thought provoking and he adequately facilitated discussions within the class - often to the point where I was disappointed when we had to end them because of time. There was a lot of work but it's manageable.
5.0 : Fantastic Class, I knew a solid amount of the history of topics covered, but the focus gave me greater appreciation for it. Syllabus: very clear, Some reading. individual paper &amp; presentation, group paper &amp; presentation, 5 quizzes, mid term &amp; final. Do the work, don't skip, &amp; look for the 1 Extra credit opp. Solid Professor, Don't BS him, period!!
5.0 : He is a very helpful lab instructor who will help you learn the material and help understand why you are carrying out certain steps of experiments. His teaching in lab actually helped me with lecture. However, you need to study both manual in depth in order to get a high grade.
5.0 : Best Teacher Ever
4.0 : Mr. Ramesh is awesome in one word. Though Mason Chemistry Dept is very poor overall, in his class you can be gurranted to learn/pass till the end of the semester. However, in other teachers class, students barely pass, specially when it comes to organic chem.
4.5 : Pant is an amazing professor! His lectures are never dull and no one ever falls asleep. He makes Organic Chemistry fun and entertaining, as well as easy. His exams are very easy. Do not buy the Klein Orgo book because its useless in Orgo 2. Just read Solomons and do practice problems. 4 Exams. 25 questions each except for final.
4.5 : Pant's Lab is the BEST chemistry lab I've ever been in . The atmosphere is extremely friendly and relaxed because he wants you to actually enjoy chemistry. He basically doesn't read the lab reports and will tell you what your unknown compounds are if you ask him. His final is only 10 questions as opposed to other labs with 40 question tests.
5.0 : Pant is the best chemistry professor you will ever encounter at gmu! He cracks jokes occasionally during class, which I find very therapeutic while trying to learn organic chemistry. He actually TEACHES organic chemistry, you will understand organic chemistry more with him as a teacher compared to others. Attend class &amp; do many practice problems!
5.0 : The best Chemisty lecturer by far at Mason! Pay attention to details and you will be fine. He demonstrates before you begin the experiment. He's Amazing!! I highly recommend him.
4.0 : Go to class, do all practice problems in the back of each chapter and pay attention. Study hard and you will do great. He is tricky, but you can figure out his tricks if you study accordingly
5.0 : Pant is incredible. He's a highly respectable guy and a great teacher. HOWEVER, you can't expect to get an easy A with him. If you go to class and seriously devote yourself to the subject, you will be fine. Just be wary because he's not the type of professor to boost your grade just because he likes you or because you show up to office hours.
5.0 : Pant is a solid teacher, but expect some outside work to be needed. Read and do the associated Orgo as 2ndLang workbook before each lecture to really understand the material. The class is really test heavy, but if you go over in class notes and do the workbook again right before the exam... you'll get a B- at least. 10/10- would recommend
4.0 : Dr. Ramesh Pant is the Zaitsev product. Organic Chemistry is a challenging class and probably not meant to be taken in the summer in a multiple choice exam format, but Dr. Pant makes it engaging. His goal is for you to learn, and he tests to see whether you understand the nuances . Be prepared to have dreams about organic chemistry.
4.0 : Professor Pant is highly respectable, makes clear effort to helpexplain concepts. Don't think taking him will get you an easy A just because he is "better" than the other organic professors. BUT, nevertheless, he is always available through e-mail and person. Very understanding. Actually made parts of Organic Chemistry enjoyable.
5.0 : Best chem prof at GMU
5.0 : If you love yourself and taking organic chem for the first time, DO NOT take it over the summer. Dr Pant does an amazing job getting through all the chapters, but there was not enough time to learn everything fully! We had like 2 days to study for the final. The summer class test averages  are really high due to smart ppl from Harvard and MIT!!!
5.0 : I regret taking it in the summer. Dr. Pant is a wonderful professor, don't get me wrong, but it's impossible to soak up all of orgo in just 5 weeks. He tried his best, but it was too much info along with really high class averages that got me disappointed. I will take him again anytime except summer. 2nd timers are good to take in the 5 weeks.
5.0 : Made the tragic mistake of taking orgo for the 1st time in the summer. Pant is a great lecturer, and always breaks the monotony of the class w/ jokes. However, exam avgs. were fairly high so there was essentially no curve. Read chapters in advance &amp; do as many practice probs. as possible. Tricky (but fair) exams that focus heavily on mechanisms.
5.0 : Pant's orgo classes may have been easier in the past, but don't underestimate this clever man- especially over the summer. He knows that everyone has old exams and accounts for that. It gets tougher every year and he seems to be one step ahead. Orgo comes natural to some, but no teacher at Mason is "easier" than the other at this point.
5.0 : Don't take over the summer unless you're naturally brilliant at school. It simply goes too fast and every hour of the day needs to be used productively. To succeed and really understand, you need to be taking notes in lecture, then reviewing them, doing practice problems, looking over old exams, and asking him for help personally. TIME MANAGE.
5.0 : Orgo 2 during the summer is more content than orgo 1, and it goes faster. It felt like a rollercoaster. Don't underestimate. And don't take both in one summer unless you absolutely positively have to to survive/graduate and feel very determined and focused- it can really burn you out.
5.0 : You have to really study for his lab quizzes, don't underestimate them because lost points add up quickly. As long as you talk about what you learned from the outcome of the experiment in your lab report, you should be okay. He doesn't make you reiterate your whole procedure, you have to demonstrate understanding. Know everything for the final.
5.0 : This man really wants his students to learn and he does a great job at doing so. Take ORGO over the summer with him--both sessions. Do a little studying everyday and knock it out with easy As. Multiple Choice tests in both orgos with no knowledge of mechanisms needed. How much better can it get?
5.0 : he's chill and understandable. come to class and step out with confident about orgo. he will make sure you learn and pass class, but not an easy A class. works for it and you earn the grade. take him, definitely you will enjoy the class
5.0 : Mason is lucky to have a professor like Dr. Pant!!! He's an amazing teacher and helps you understand the material. Gives the exams back the very next day and really wants his students to learn. Very well respected by his students!!! Take him he's the best thing that ever happened to Mason!!!
1.0 : Absolutely would NOT recommend taking Dr. Pant's class. He never replies to emails, he ridicules students, calls people "stupid" for not understanding a concept, and he does not explain the material well. Did not get much out of his class. would avoid at all costs.
5.0 : If you want to actually learn orgo AND have the chance to actually get an A, he is your man. Very straightforward exams and he always lets you know what to expect, but study hard. Now stop reading this review and just take him!!!!!!
5.0 : I loved his class! Even though it was a 200+ lecture hall he allowed you to ask questions every time you were unclear about something and went into detail to explain it and make sure you understand.  He teased the students a little bit and kept it fun.  I didn't actually study as much as I should have in part because the lectures were so helpful
5.0 : Taking orgo over the summer is not bad as long as you study hard and pay attention in class. It was a little stressful having the third exam and final on the same week but very doable because Dr. Pant is such an amazing professor!
5.0 : Best Orgo Professor!!!! His lectures are simply amazing. He explains the different mechanisms and highlights what he finds the most important. His exams (3 &amp; a final) are fair and all multiple choice. Attend lecture, study your material, and you will be good to go!
5.0 : Dr. Pant is a gem. I am not gifted in orgo by any means but he taught the material and explained things in a way that actually made sense. Makes you work for your grade so don't expect to just show up and get an A. He's accessible during office hours and will stick around after class to answer questions. Take his class if you have the chance!
5.0 : Took Dr. Hatton for CHEM 313 &amp; Dr. Pant for CHEM 314 over the summer. Dr. Pant is harder, but I 100% learned more in lecture from him. I tried to read before lecture, paid attention in class, &amp; did the book's HW problems - did just fine. It's more challenging in the summer if you take lab &amp; content is completely new to you but Dr. Pant is awesome!
4.0 : His lectures skip over a lot of material, which is expected for Organic so don't just rely on his lectures. Watch organic chem videos on youtube to understand concepts in addition to going to class and practice problems. Try to read before lecture so you won't feel so lost. Exams are multiple choice which is almost unheard of for orgo, he's great!
5.0 : If you really want to understand organic chemistry and actually have the chance to get an A, he's your guy. Amazing and straightforward lectures, very helpful in office hours, and hilarious. His exams are straightforward compared to the rest of the chem department (all multiple choice). Just give this man a medal already!!!!
2.0 : He's not a good professor. His accents are so thick that you could barely understand him. I learned everything with the textbook to pass this course. I don't know what others think, but it's not easy to get an A or B in this class. Tests are very heavy and the final is almost half of your entire grade.
5.0 : Not an easy class although he is a good professor. Tests are really hard and they are much more complicated than examples done in class. Your exams grade have to be high in order to get an A in this class and that needs a lot of practice. Try to do as many textbook problems as you can every single chapter.
2.0 : I would like to admit that he is a good person who cares about all students. But I wouldn't take him again because his teaching style was odd. During lectures he constantly shifts from power points to writing on the board. It could have been better if he just sticks to one method of teaching.
4.0 : Dr. Pant is difficult. Don't let anyone try and tell you that he's "easy". He might have been years ago, but definitely not now. As an A student, I had to work REALLY hard in his class to consistently beat the curve! I would highly recommend doing practice problems, watch Hickey's videos on iTunes, and pay attention to key details in lecture.
2.0 : He is good professor but his exams are really hard. The questions are related to the topic which he will teach you in lecture, but the style of the questions are lot harder and more complicated. He will not show those type of questions during lecture. If you want an A, then I would think a little bit before taking him. He is very tough for an A.
2.0 : First of all, the topics are complicated, and the top of that he makes his exams even harder and also makes questions from them very tricky. You really have to be well above average for an A, which is extremely hard. Just being at the average is already very tough in his class due to his tricky questions. He is definitely not an A professor.
3.0 : I went into the class expecting the best professor at Mason due to the hype, he is the best to take for orgo because multiple choice exams for orgo are almost unheard of. Unfortunately, I learned the majority of the material using outside resources and like any class, practice outside of class is essential. Exam ?'s are harder than in class problem
2.0 : The subject itself is REALLY hard. You have to put aside a lot of time for it. Pant moves very fast during his lectures and his heavy accent does make it tough to understand sometimes. The exams are tough because half of the class or more fail them overall and the questions are a lot harder than practice problems.
1.0 : Would never take him again. I am glad I am moving to CHEM314.
3.0 : wow is he hyped. not easy. not best professor at mason. think twice before you take him.
3.0 : Organic chemistry is one of those subjects where its difficult to cover every aspect of the course so you should expect a lot of studying/learning outside the classroom. He is good lecturer if you keep up with the material. The class is not supposed to be an easy A. To beat the curve, you must study at least 3-4 days, a week for an A!!
1.0 : His exams are extremely tricky and difficult. But, there are some questions which are easy and you can pass his class with a C; however, for an A or B, you might be a good student but still not get many questions right due to his tricky questions and not because you dont know the information. He is really difficult for A or B. He is GPA destroyer!
2.0 : It was a very difficult class. Materials are very dense. Just reading the textbook, going to lectures, and reviewing notes are not enough to do extraordinarily well in Organic Chemistry. Although I felt I understood stuffs, I felt exams were very difficult. The way to do really well is to not only you understand the materials, but also practice.
5.0 : I never read the textbook. I solely studied the PP slides. Make sure you memorize everything on the slides that he emphasizes in class. This class wasn't overly tough as long as you do a lot of practice problems! Bulk memorization isn't good enough. Do the examples on the slides and rewrite the mechanism/reagents until you nail it w/o looking!
5.0 : You have to put the effort in order to get a B or A. Look, I failed my first exam MISERABLY. I got an 11/25. Then I barely got by on the next two exams. I studied really hard for the final and ended with a B+. Dr. Pant gives LARGE curves! It's Orgo Chem, you can't honestly think that it'll be an "easy" class going into it...
5.0 : He's a really good professor. Read the organic chemistry as a second language book and do all the problems in the back (except challenge problems) and you'll be solid.
5.0 : You get what you put in. He explains material well and in order to do well you have to put in effort and do lots of practice problems. This isn't biology which is pure memorization. It's chemistry, you need to focus on applying information more than memorizing. Buy a white board and practice until it's therapeutic.
3.0 : First test: My score : 19/25 Average:14 Second test: My score: 18/24 Average : 14 Third test : My score: 13/25 Average: 12 Final exam was okay if you studied your past exams Final grade : B+ Analyze.
4.0 : Bottom line is his class requires a lot of your time. If you put the best effort you can into the projects and give it the time it needs, you will do well in this class. If you aren't trying, he will know and it won't be much fun for you. He loves art and he's very nice. Leaves class early a lot.
4.0 : I really enjoyed her class! Anthropology has always been an interest of mine! I learned a great deal in her class and she was also very friendly and helpful! Highly recommend!
4.5 : If you're looking for Gen Ed course to fulfill the social science req. then take Trencher. Each lecture the class was entertained with the stories she would share to help students understand complex concepts. She has many years of experience with working with large lecture classes, so she knows what she's doing. I absolutely loved the experience!
4.5 : If you want a fun professor who actually wants to help you get good grades. She is the one.
4.0 : The class was great but the style of teaching was really different from the standard, memorize and multiple choice tests.  Tests are a bunch of short answers and a few essay questions, she doesn't give credit for textbook answers. She wants answers that reflect the students UNDERSTAND the material.
3.0 : She admits that she's not an easy professor to take notes from. That was true. She was somewhat disorganized through class and I just could not learn by her teaching style. She says she's a story teller teacher , so if you can't learn by that method , choose elsewhere. She's nice and willing to help though. Take home midterm + community project
5.0 : Absolutely loved this class, but it's not for everyone. She lectures without PPTs, just talks, tells stories, and draws cute pictures. She doesn't use Bb either, she lectures and expects you to derive the concepts from that and take your own notes. Tests were take-home short-answers and essays (3 exams). Take good notes, visit TA's and you'll pass
5.0 : She is great and you need to pay attention in class and ask her questions because concepts build on top of another so make sure you aren't trying to cram in everything a day before the exam because the material is dense and you need time to study. Otherwise BEST PROF. AT GMU SO FAR.
5.0 : Trencher is like a kind grandmother and is very understanding and flexible. If you have to take a class just for the heck of it, I highly recommend this one. The subject matter is interesting and although her lectures can be a little hard to follow sometimes, it doesn't take much to do well.
2.0 : I couldn't understand her teaching. I have always taking high level classes with A's and B's but this low level class is confusing because of the way she teaches. No PPT, which is bad, She keeps rambling and asking us to take notes. I don't know what is note what is not. I dropped her course before it is too late.
5.0 : Amazing professor, a little eccentric.
5.0 : Shes amazing. She doesn't test. She lectures in story's. And you just need to show up and learn.
3.5 : Dr. Trencher is just lovely, but she has a teaching style thats a little more difficult to learn from. My advice is to always go to her TA's after class. However, Dr. Trencher is very understanding and really sweet and very supportive. Make sure you read the book!!
5.0 : Professor Trencher is slightly disorganized, and she does not really follow her own syllabus. However, I absolutely loved taking her class; she is extremely intelligent, caring and fun to talk to. Also, she is not a tough grader, so it was an easy A for me.
2.0 : She's a nice lady and is funny at times. She wants you to understand the material rather than just pass the exams (no power-points). You have to be really into Anthropology to like this class. As for grades, Do well on your exams and read the book (extremely boring), because it's 90% of your grade. If you can, maybe look elsewhere.
5.0 : Dr. Trencher is the sweetest teacher ever. She has a very bubbly personality and will sure to put a smile on your face. If you want to get an A, you need to come to each class. There are no PowerPoints so you need to take notes. She will send out some notes before an exam, but it's not enough in my opinion. Very easy and fun subject to learn about!
4.0 : AMAZING teacher! Although I am not a history major, he definitely got me interested in the topic. His lectures are very intriguing. I recommend him 100%  plus all quizzes are curved and take home exams essays are given with extra credit!
5.0 : Honestly just go to class, follow his notes, and read the primary sources when you study. Not a learn and regurgitate class. Be relatively thoughtful in the essays and you'll be fine. Lectures are super interesting. Keep your electronics away and don't write on quizzes (He will give you a 0 and call you out). 4 quizzes and 2 papers all super easy.
4.0 : Professor Oren's lectures were told like a story and it made it fun to learn. There were 5 quizzes and two short papers for the midterm and final exam. Although short, be sure to follow his guidelines for them because he's very specific on what he's looking for. Study guides are given for the quizzes. Take good notes and attend class. Easy peasy.
2.0 : Good professor, engaging. But when it comes to grading papers........ they are very tough and grades very harshly. Honestly don't know why. It's only a 100 level class not 400 level. Gives study guides for quizzes (4 in total). I would not recommend taking him ONLY because of the 2 major essay. Grading is ridiculous! BE AWARE AND TAKE SOMEONE ELSE.
5.0 : great teacher, very professional and passionate about his field. his passion shows through his teaching. would definitely take again if i weren't graduating this semester.
5.0 : Dr. Decaroli's classes are the best I have ever taken. I wish he was my mentor.
4.0 : Assertive but humorous, straight forward but also genuinely cares that students get the material. Lots of reading, but all are discussed during lectures. Study guides are distributed in an orderly fashion, and are relevant to lectures. Take good notes and make some what of an effort to read most of the material and you should wind up with an A.
5.0 : Aw, I love McCord. He's adorable and knows a lot about American history. Assigned 2 short books to read and gave quiz on. 1 field trip to Mt. Vernon. A midterm and final. If you don't miss class he will bump your grade up. But why would you wanna miss? Wish he taugh upperlevel classes, but is a great prof for lower level. Come to class and don't BS
4.0 : Definitely take him, if you have a choice! He is thorough, and makes history come alive (cause let's face it, it is rather DRY). He is fair, and very kind!
4.5 : He is a wonderful teacher who is capable of joking around and teaching seriously! I would definitely take one of his classes again.
4.5 : He gets you ready for what is coming next. You will suffer most of the time in his class, but you will be thankful later. He knows matlab like the back of his hand and you better learn it!
3.5 : She's helpful, a bit clumsy, needs work on her teaching, and English. She's lenient when it's her mistake. She tries to make the course fun in her own way, and sort of brightens the room, more so than Fujiwara. And a lot nicer. Don't be too critical with her; enjoy learning the language and practice everything.
5.0 : She is the best! I really loved her class!
5.0 : She is the best!  Her class is full of fun! Take her in any level!
3.5 : Study, study, study! This is a course where memorization is necessary. Saitou-sensei will help if you have the will to learn from your mistakes. She gives clear advice on what you need to study.  She's a little clumsy in a way, and forgets to remind students of hw, but she's lenient on grading as long as your handwriting is kanpeki.
4.0 : She gives a lot of homework and tests, but as long you study and pay attention to your handwriting, you'll be fine. She is clumsy and has a strong accent, but is very kind, forgiving, and willing to help. Nearly half the class ended up dropping out though, so if you aren't a good language learner, you might want to take an easier language.
4.0 : Saito-sensei may not be the best professor to study Japanese, but she's very helpful if you are willing to ask. Make sure to get to class on time and be respectful, she's Japanese. They hate tackiness. Textbook and Workbook are required. There will be tests almost everyweek, but that is to be expected for a 6-credit course. STUDY THE MATERIAL!
3.0 : She's pretty good. Maybe it's because I'm losing interest in the language, but I didn't find it very engaging. She's a stickler for handwriting, so practice...! As for exams, make sure you follow whatever hw was done. If your answers are different, expect marks off, even if it makes sense. She wants it exactly like the book, it seems.
4.5 : FYI for JAPA110, all sections follow same rubric/schedule so it wont have much effect which prof you choose. Make sure to come to every class, and you should spend time outside of class studying. If you can put in the time and work an A is possible. Saito sensei is great and helpful, just try to practice good handwriting(strict on penmanship).
5.0 : If I could take Professor G-P again, I totally would! Her lectures are outstanding, engaging enough to not to skip any of my 7:30 am classes. All the assignments are real-life oriented and not hard as long as you put effort into it. No book needed, group projects throughout the semester, be ready to participate actively. She is awesome! Take her!
5.0 : Professor GP is awesome!! Best teacher I've had so far. The class itself was really easy and she just made it easier. She cares about what she's teaching and loves her students. If you show up to class and write a few papers you will do just fine!
4.0 : Professor GP is a wonderful person. For her group projects she gives a fair amount of feed back but if you really want detail you have to ask for it.  There is no book, quizzes, or exams. Most if not all of this class focuses on group work so get ready.
5.0 : You must show up to class to get points for participation, but its really an easy class but you learn writing skills. Dr. GP is caring and understanding. She is willing to help you with jobs after you finish her class. Great teacher!
5.0 : GP is by far the best professor I have ever had. Super down to earth and funny. Take the time to get to know her and before you know it, you will be doing research for her and she will open up many more opportunities for you in your college career. Thanks to her, I have gotten several positions. Keep in touch, she's the dean of the NCC.
5.0 : Honestly cares about each student.  Fun and engaging class. Wants you to succeed.  Excepts her students from course-required busy-work that other 110 classes have to do.
5.0 : She might be one of the best professors I've ever had. Her grading of papers is a little tough but not bad. She is such an awesome laid back teacher. I will take her again! She made me love this class!
5.0 : MAKE YOUR SCHEDULE AROUND THIS WOMAN. Seriously if you have the chance to take GP, do it. She is the nicest professor I have ever met and is very understanding. She has high expectations of the class and knows how to teach. She truly cares for her students and their well-being in and out of class.
5.0 : Professor GP does a great job teaching BUS100H. She regularly integrates real-world examples beyond the textbook and lets you voice your own opinions so long as you utilize creative reasoning. She is readily available at all times if you need her; attendance and participation make up, like, half your grade. Show up and participate if you want an A.
5.0 : Amazing professor. In incredibly clear in teaching. The topic as a whole may be a bit challenging but So is incredible helpful and nice. Curves based on class average. There really isn't any reason not to take him, he is one of the best Mason has to offer. And I'm not saying that as in the class is a free A. It is intellectually stimulating.
2.5 : Only three problems on the exam. You miss one, you fail! Easy to get an A or a C!
1.5 : Not really a fun class with so many rules and expectation he has from his students. I really enjoyed the game but I wish there was a better instructor for this course. He is not who I'd like to see him again. I had enough. He is not very respectful to his students either. He needs to be more polite with students and understand their situations.
4.5 : Very knowledgable of the material. The class is fairly easy if you have ever taken any undergrad level econ courses. However, the class is approached from an introductory standpoint so it is still accessible to someone with no background in the subject.
4.0 : This was one of the best classes I've had. It surveys various theories of economic &amp; human development, w/just enough econ to help understand theory--but not so much to be intimidating. Prof. Reinert was great &amp; class discussions were interesting. The class gave me a deeper understanding of  international development policy in theory &amp; practice.
2.0 : This guy lectures with a practiced smug fit for professors who prefer awing students with the vast quantity of their subject knowledge and their half-baked trademarked theories  - rather than engage students and show some quality of teaching. His entire class is a regurgitation of jumbled excerpts read in a sterile effortless manner.  He's a mess.
5.0 : Great professor.
1.5 : Instead of teaching the course by organizing and prioritizing the most essential subject-issues surrounding human development suitable to a single course lecture, this guy simply dumps a clusterf--- of every and all 'relative' topic via his favorite book quotes. Never time for class discussion - as he had to finish reading his lecture script.
4.5 : She knows the material really well
5.0 : AMAZINGGGG TEACHER. TAKEEEE HER!!!!
4.5 : You will have 4 papers, a weekly discussion post, and peer reviews. He grades the papers very hard, but he wants to help you and responds to emails. He detects BS; you need to EARN the A. My writing improved greatly and I enjoyed the class. However, it was time consuming and I had to work really hard. Do not skip class, it will affect your grade.
4.0 : Professor Burnham is such a kind and gentle soul. He loves it when his class participates and gives their own ideas. He'll never make you feel bad for getting points off on papers and gives amazing feedback. If you don't like the grade you got on a paper, go into the office hours for your next one and you'll do great!
5.0 : I'm nervous taking any writing class but by taking his class I feel I am a stronger because of the class. Professor Burnham is very helpful and returns papers very quickly. There were four papers to write with the option to rewrite one of them. A bonus is there isn't a midterm or final exam. I highly recommend him!!
5.0 : He is very organized about what he is teaching. and also very helpful. If you want to learn something and improve your knowledge just take him. I would recommend him to my other friends too.
5.0 : If you're into writing, Professor Burnham is the person to take for this class. He is extremely clear in his guidelines for the papers, and he sends you your paper with comments and writing all over it with feedback, which is amazing for a professor with about 40 students online alone. DB posts are frequent but helpful.
5.0 : Not necessarily a tough class, but it's definitely not one that you can slack off on either. There are roughly 3-4 discussion board posts due every week, but they help you build on each of your 4 papers as you go along. He's a very fair grader, and always provides clear guidelines as to what he expects from each of the essays. Would recommend him!
3.0 : While this course will make you a better writer, the amount of work this professor assigns is overkill. Get ready to do assignments over your spring break if you enroll in his course during that semester.
5.0 : Don't expect to get an easy A in this class. However, you can expect to get a good education. My writing skills greatly improved throughout his class. He is very clear and straight forward with his lessons and teaches you something new everyday. I suggest him if you want to learn in 302 and not just go through the motions.
3.0 : Overall easy course- takes about 1 hr a week with online lectures/ small assignments plus 5 major papers over the course of the semester. Don't buy the book- we never used it. Very nice prof, willing to help but seemed like he would point out the smallest errors so that you were always short of a perfect grade. Lots of peer reviewing/ group work.
3.0 : Super tough grader! Wants you to raise your hand for every answer. Have to have and bring the book to class. I would not take him again.
4.0 : Book required is cheap and a keeper. He is easy going and very knowledgable. Have to participate. Alot of BB assignment each week but easy and manageable. Can be a tough grader on the papers, but allows rewrites. He will take points for sentence fragments and small things, but is always fair. Highly recommend him for CRIM majors.
5.0 : I was originally looking for an easy A but his class made me work till the very end. His class includes 4 papers, readings, and about 3-5 discussion board posts. They're not hard but just a lot of work. He has been a writer for quite some time so I can why his class is so intensive. If you're not confident in writing then I suggest you take him
5.0 : 4 papers and weekly informal discussion board posts. He promotes discussion and group dynamics in the class. As others said, he is a tough grader on the papers. However, he has improved my writing more than anyone else all three years at Mason! He gives good feedback and quickly (less than a week to grade).
4.5 : The class is somewhat tough. Writing essays isn't always easy, but you only have to write four papers, with the option of a rewrite. There are a lot of blackboard assignments. They're not hard.. just time consuming. Show up to class, participate in discussions, submit your papers on time and you should be fine :)
4.5 : Going into this course I was nervous, but I actually enjoyed this class. Don't skip class and keep up with BB posts. He grades the papers very fair and gives feedback quickly. This course really helped to improve my writing and researching skills.,
4.0 : He was a pretty good professor. Allows you to use your computer in class. You work a lot on the final project in class and blog posts/HW can also be done in class. It's a pretty easy class but it is a little different. We talk about things that don't seem like they go with the class but they end up helping out with the final. Easy to participate
3.0 : He's a nice guy, and I really appreciate that he starts off class with a discussion about personal experiences or current events. That being said, the readings are long and tough and not at all talked about in class. We do talk about the final project a lot in class, but I wished we were taught HOW to do the IT skills that are expected of us.
5.0 : Good class! there'll be a lot to read and homework for every class, however i didn't read half of the reading, but attended every lecture &amp; got an A. no books to buy, you'll only spend $25 to buy your own domain. you'll create your own website about a historical site instead of a research paper.  it can be challenging but fun! DO NOT PROCRASTINATE!
3.0 : A little overrated. I found his lectures to be, while well-delivered, a little disjointed and cloying in manner. He is super friendly and accessible though. Assignments consisted of three 3-5pp papers and two final exams. Participation was unduly weighted, I feel. Not sure if I'd take again.
5.0 : Really enjoyed HIST 300 with Prof Kelly. He knows how to properly control the discussion and blend it with lecture. Discussions on readings, weekly blog posts, an annotated biblio, a rough draft of a 12-page paper, and then a final paper were all the requirements--not too challenging if you don't procrastinate. Hope I can take him for 499.
5.0 : Professor Kelly knows a little about everything, and a lot about Eastern Europe. I loved his class discussions. You get the sense he really respects his students and always makes himself available to students. Open minded about new teaching methods. Only downside, tons of reading and writing expected. Still, best prof ever
5.0 : This class was a new public history class on the Appalachian Trail. Kelly has section hiked it several times and is involved in maintaining the trail. He knows his stuff and is invested in the subject. Two papers, website exhibit, group mural project. I hope to take his Digital Past class later on. Good guy and good professor!
4.5 : Professor Kelly was my favorite professor this semester. He was respectful and helpful. I really enjoyed this class. I was able to create a a website that I will use for the rest of my life. I would absolutely recommend this course for anyone. Especially as an alternative to a regular IT class.
4.0 : Passionate about English.  At the beginning of the semester we had 1 question quizzes on the grammar readings , which were fairly simple. Did not have to read to get the right answer. Just know grammar. For papers, you can definitely make a B paper with  minimum effort. &amp; There are a lot of EASY partner activities.
5.0 : He has interesting things to say but none of them matter because you are never tested. The only graded material comes from biweekly 2-3 page essays on different topics. Very easy. 10/10 on each one, written the night before.
5.0 : I wholeheartedly agree with this review of Burl Self: "GGS 301 was the easiest class I've ever taken by far. No quizzes, no tests, just 10 2-page essays that can be done in 30-60 minutes at most. Put some effort in and make clear points in the essays and you'll get an A on all of them. Knowledgeable guy on foreign affairs if you're into it."
4.0 : Attendance is mandatory. Has a lot of great guest speakers. Professor Self really knows what he's talking about. Almost weekly you have to write a one to two page analysis on a topic he gives out in class. Class is really easy. Great elective.
5.0 : While there are now quizzes and exams in this class, you will definitely learn a lot. There are only essays.  Put some effort in and make clear points in the essays and you'll get an A on all of them. He is very knowledgeable on foreign affairs.
4.5 : I've taken Prof Self twice for two different classes. They are modeled exactly the same. No quizzes, no tests. 8 essays. Put effort in the essays and you'll get an A. If you're into the subject OR looking for an easy A you'll enjoy this class. The guest speakers are awesome and are high profile -director of CIA. Good discussions. No book
5.0 : Dr. Self is truly a knowledgeable person. He speaks from experience and can retain a significant detailed amount of information about most countries. His lectures can be long, but trust me you will learn a lot by listening. There are no finals or midterms just 8-10 papers (2pgs),  attendance  for a significant portion of the grade as well.
5.0 : He is truly a amazing professor. I really learned more off the assignments he gave us. Not many professor do it this way but it was truly a great class. He is really respected by many. I would highly recommend that you take this course. Do all the papers you will get A .
5.0 : Best professor ever, just attend the class google or do whatever you want and do the exams take home every week which are super easy ( from google, slides etc..) and you'll get A!! Take HIM
4.0 : The lectures are truly for the fans of learning about international relations and politics, for those of you that are not, these lectures become LONG and TEDIOUS.  Otherwise it's an easy class, do the paper due every other week. The guest lecturers are worth listening to. NO TESTS. Says class attendance is mandatory but he rarely actually took it
5.0 : EASIEST A OF MY LIFE. IF YOU NEED TO TAKE GEOGRAPHY TAKE THIS CLASS!!! ITS UPPER LEVEL! DO IT NOW!!!!!! IF ONLY ALL MY CLASSES WERE THIS EASY. DON'T SNITCH ON HIM EITHER, THIS CLASS IS A BLESSING FOR YOUR GPA. HE IS A REAL GEM!!!
5.0 : great guy
5.0 : It can be boring at times, but he is super cool. He really knows his stuff. There is a lot of papers but no TEST. Super cool dude. Taking another class with him for sure.
5.0 : Simple and direct. There are 6-8 papers, 2 or more pages each. You might have to present your one of papers, (5050 chance of that) No Exams. ParticipationAttendance is 10% of Final Grade. Wonderful professor and very knowledgeable on the material. :)
5.0 : Expect a paper every other week that is at least 2 or more pages. Attendance is 10% of your final grade and it IS taken. You might have to present one of your research papers, though the odds are against that. He is VERY talented on the material.
4.5 : Great prof!
5.0 : Prof. Self is a great man and professor, he is incredibly knowledgeable in every aspect of his subject. He had many great guest lecturers lined up and all lectures are interesting and thorough. There are no tests just papers and attendance, he has you right a 2 page paper almost every class but are pretty easy. No textbook and let's you out early.
5.0 : Prof. Self is ADORABLE and so nice! Lectures are long but eh it was worth it for me to not have to take tests! :) Easy A!
5.0 : Seriously? if you don't take him you just missed out on an EASY A! go to class, do your papers and that's it.
4.5 : GGS 301 was the easiest class I've ever taken by far. No quizzes, no tests, just 10 2-page essays that can be done in 30-60 minutes at most. Put some effort in and make clear points in the essays and you'll get an A on all of them. Knowledgeable guy on foreign affairs if you're into it.  Go to class, sign attendance, turn in essay, and leave.
5.0 : Read the reviews.  No exams!  Learned more from the almost weekly papers that were easy to write, 10/10 (you'll see).  Show up to class, do your light homework and you'll get an A.  He has a great mind and a great line up of guest speakers that will blow you away.  He's hard of hearing so SPEAK UP!  :-)
5.0 : Most knowledgable prof . he is the best
5.0 : best professor in the SEOR department .
3.5 : He is a nice guy, and knows the material very well. My overall complaint is about the class itself. This class is basically busy work for a Systems Engineer. All we do is math and physics problems that are not connected to the major.
5.0 : Great professor  and he would always help everyone.  great person and teacher.  wish we have more people like him. Good material for engineering people and exactly what we need. physics and differential equations together(great for life and teach you how things work). Thanks professor.  loved your class
5.0 : Very good professor and even better person.. one of the ONLY advisors that actually wants to help students succeed and graduate on time. He is a legend in the SEOR department.
5.0 : Best prof in the dept
5.0 : Best or class in the dept. Would not have studied this course anywhere else.  New perspective for or problems in a dynamic setting
5.0 : Great course. Best prof. Take his classes.
5.0 : Best teacher. Very intelligent. Knows the subject very well. Very practical and related the subject to real world.
5.0 : I just signed up thus sem and after 4 weeks I can say that this prof is the best. His style and knowledge is outstanding.  Best prof  in my last sem at Mason. Take all his optimization classes.
5.0 : Lisa is an amazing professor. She takes the time to get to know you personally and then gives you one on one feedback. She is the reason I decided to pick up a minor in English. If you can take her class absolutely TAKE IT. She gets that students are people and life happens occasionally. She's the best.
4.5 : As others have said, very hard class. She's helpful and your writing will improve. Prepare to work and research a lot. Not an easy A (or an A).
5.0 : Professor Lister is one of the few professors at GMU that I have come into contact with that truly cares about her students.  She is extremely helpful and makes class fun! Great class if you are pre-med or pre-nursing!  I really recommend her!
4.5 : Literature of Illness and Disability is a fantastic class where you get to read about mental and physical illnesses.  You have to keep a reading journal, which isn't that bad.  Lectures and discussions are always very interesting.  I recommend this class to all my friends.  Note- buying or renting books you read is required, Fenway has them all
4.0 : If you're looking for an easy A, do not take her class. However, if you are seriously interested in learning how to become a better writer and are willing to put forth the amount effort that she demands, then she is definitely the professor for you.
5.0 : participation and attendance count towards your grade. take notes as they will help with journals, papers and the final. do the readings before class because the class will center around it. very tough grader on writing, but ask for help because she is very caring. the class is little dry in the beginning but is very fun later on with activities
4.0 : Prof. Lister is a bit on the tough side when it comes to writing papers, but it's the fair kind of tough. She's very nice with her students and will gladly help you if you need it, but has high expectations of her class. Just take the class seriously and you should be fine.
5.0 : The good is that she's pretty much the coolest prof ever. She's super nice, chill, excellent with email, approachable, and really tries to help you. The bad is that her class is nearly impossible, coming from someone who really tries. I worked my ass off this term like no other and still do not have an A. It is so frustrating. Avoid at ALL costs..
3.0 : She's a great professor and I learned a lot of things from her, just be prepared for a lot of assignments and busy work. i've never done so much work for an english class.
1.0 : If you've always struggled with English, her class would be very difficult as it's writing and researching intensive. Her method of researching within your field of study is all over the place, making it difficult to remember what you did a month ago. She expects hours of study outside of class leaving you no room for work or your other courses.
5.0 : Professor Lister is a very helpful teacher who is always there if you need her. She explains everything that she expects from you very well and gives you a chance to revise your work. Her classes are very tough and you literally have to work so hard for it to pass. You need to write many papers but at the end you learn a lot.
5.0 : As others have said, she is a hard grader and her class is harder than classes my friends had. I learned a lot and she is super helpful. Do not take for an easy A but do take to learn research and be a better writer. Be prepared to work!
4.0 : Professor Lister's class honesty helped me become a better writer. She's a great professor, really cares about her students, and replies to emails really quickly. That being said, her Eng 101 class has a lot more busy work than other Eng 101 classes so if you don't want to work for an  A you might want to consider taking it with someone else.
5.0 : She was very helpful, but she demanded a lot  overall a very good teacher, but she makes you work for it
4.0 : Dr. Burt is extremely knowledgable about Latin American history. She even learned Spanish when she was 22 just so that she could conduct more extensive research in Peru. Her class requires A LOT of reading- 5 books and several articles throughout the semester. She's a little harsh when she grades papers, but I'm still glad that I took her course.
4.0 : No textbooks - primarily journal articles through GMU's library. Great class.
3.5 : She's so helpful and approachable!!
4.0 : She is very nice and easy to listen to.  I wouldn't recommend taking her class though, its pretty tough. One paper and 2 exams. 3 reading responses (mini papers)  Readings for every class. In class we just discuss the readings.  You MUST participate in class or you will do poorly although this can really help your grade. Very hard to get an A.
4.0 : Very confusing, teaches like you are suppose to know things already when it is a 100 level class
4.0 : only reason i managed this class was how nice she was. such difficult text and the essay prompts are very ambiguous. exams are quite difficult too because you have to remember all the readings from the semester
3.0 : took this class &amp; thought itd be interesting but it wasnt. Participation is 15% of your grade. You have to add to class discussion to receive credit but homework is reading . some readings are insightful andor easy but most are dense and boring. also have to write papers about readings but i didnt feel like i knew anything when i sat down to write
5.0 : All you do in class is talk about the articles that were assigned in class (long and sometimes boring). She assigns 3 analysis papers, a final paper, and A mid-term and Final exam. She is nice and understanding, but her grading can be random as she sometimes takes off a lot points for little mistakes.
4.0 : Dr. Johnson makes the grading clear on how to get an A, there are a few homework assignments and 4 tests, she drops the lowest grade. You can tell she knows what shes talking about she puts all of the power points on blackboard and you use a clicker as participation grade.
4.5 : Johnson is a great professor that you can actually understand. A good amount of the test material is in the lectures so just show up and take notes if you want to pass, but you have to read a bit if you want the A. The HW assignments are really easy and only take 5-10 min to do. Overall I recommend Johnson, because she is a really good professor.
4.0 : Professor Johnson is great! She knows how to teach college kids. She'll often show us videos and ask clicker questions. Don't buy the textbook though! You can pass all the (4) tests and (5) homework without it. Honestly, it's an easy A.  She's also super accessible. I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : Go to class for participation points with iclicker. So helpful. Grades appropriately.  Tests are so easy if you do her notes which she has on ppts. Buy the book or the homework will be really hard for you. Deff take her for easy A and intinteresting class!!!
4.0 : Attendance isn't mandatory, but uses iClickers for participation (so you get a grade for it anyway). I wouldn't get the textbook because tests were mostly based on class lectures. There were 4 tests (but she drops lowest grade) and 5 short homework assignments. It was a pretty easy intro class, but there were some interesting topics covered.
4.0 : Professor Johnson is GREAT. Well structured class, good amount of assignments, but all are assigned for a purpose and she works hard to make sure they are not just busy work. Weekly quizzes, but if you show up to class and pay attention they do not require any extra studying. Also drops 2 lowest quiz and 2 lowest homework grades.
4.0 : I took her for the Gen. Ed requirement and I don't regret it! Her exams come straight off of powerpoints, so take notes in class, and review them frequently so you are easily prepared for exams. HW is straightforward, and she communicates easily. Take her if you can.
3.0 : Really boring because its a pure lecture. Need to show up cause she uses the clicker for attendance. Tests are a little difficult. She is really nice though.
5.0 : Great Professor and Human being. Four multiple choice tests, 50 questions each, drops lowest grade. If you're happy with the grade you have before the final, you don't need to take it! You are graded on participation using the Clicker and lecture slides are blackboard. It's a great class if you're interested in crime. I would defiantly take again
4.0 : I really enjoyed Professor Johnson's class. 4 exams and she drops your lowest grade. No final. A few, easy HW assignments. I never opened the text book once. Uses iclicker to take attendance. But she's very nice, understanding and knowledgable.
5.0 : 4 tests + 5 homework assignments + 10 points for participation through clicker, easy class and easy A. The clicker questions from lectures are always on the test. show up and do the reading and assignments and its an easy A class.
3.0 : Attend every class for participation points using the iClicker, and review your notes daily outside of class. Although she is nice and has a good sense of humor, this class could have been a CRIM201 class by the way she was teaching. The exams will make you or break you,  and anything that isn't a test isn't worth more than 3 pts. Beware!
4.0 : Overall, this class is pretty easy. Prof. Johnson is very clear and succinct in what she needs to say. There were several times that she let us out early because she finished the necessary material. Her lectures make sense and her tests are easy. If you show up to class and actually listen you will easily get an A in this class.
5.0 : She is very clear about what is expected. She keeps the topic interesting using iClicker questions. Honestly if you just show up and memorize the slides the night before, you can easily get an A. I didn't even have to take the final since I had a 96% going into the final... and she drops the lowest exam. Highly Recommend!
4.0 : This is a really easy class. Majority of the grade comes from exam scores. There are 4 exams, the final isn't cumulative, and she drops the lowest score. There were only about 5 homework assignments and they're all easy. Tests are pretty straightforward if you either pay attention in class or do the readings. I did neither of those and still passed
4.5 : Easy class, chill teacher. As long as you go to every class you'll ace it. There is a moderate level of actual physical activity.
5.0 : Very easy class and super chill teacher. As long as you go to every class you'll ace it. The exam takes all of 15 minutes.
4.5 : Great class! I wish there was a level 2 and level 3. You'll fall in love with Fencing, Professor Ryjik actually didn't teach our class, he was out travelling the entire half semester and that is usually the case during spring for him. His substitute was great! He always teaches when Ryjik isn't there. Just go to class, participate, have fun. Easy A
5.0 : Parsons is incredibly knowledgeable in the realm of biology and is incredibly interesting to listen to, while some may see some of his tangents as unnecessary they are always quite relevant. The course is graded by essays which you write so its not as if the information he says is useless, and I genuinely felt like I learned alot.
5.0 : Dr. Parsons inspires students to not only learn the course materials but to think about what they could do to improve marine conservation. He is easygoing and approachable with a real desire to see his students succeed.  He has an exhaustive understanding of the subject matter which he gleefully imparts onto any students who puts in the effort.
5.0 : Though I said the level of difficulty for this class (Environmental Communication) was "The Usual," there is absolutely nothing "usual" about the way Prof. Parsons teaches. His teaching style is dynamic, engaging, fun, I mean, this was the most enjoyable class I've taken in my entire academic career. He definitely challenges you to THINK! Loved it!
5.0 : Dr. Parsons has an amazing wealth of knowledge about the subject of marine mammal biology and conservation. He is engaging with students during lectures and he adds  tons of interesting and valuable information to the subjects of class. Dr. Parsons is very cool and a great professor!!
5.0 : At first I thought, "Who is this so and so?" But after watching Dr. Parsons teach, I have to admit that his brilliance and passion shine through, inspiring the study of very sad and urgent topic. His CV is humbling, but he doesn't alienate or shame people into action; he engages his students with joviality and the highest level of dedication.
4.0 : He is the best tough professor I've had this far! Yes, administrative law is hard, but attempt to read, listen and take notes in class, you will grasp the material. Ask for help he will give it to you. In my class only 4 people showed up every time. SHOW UP! It's half the battle!! Great Professor you just need to try.
5.0 : He is a genius and patient and funny.   Its a hard class with hard tests but the professor makes it worthwhile
3.0 : Awesome professor, but a very hard class. He will help you get through it though. This is definately an information overload type of class. Not an easy A, but certainly doable. I learned so much from this class, it was worth the slight headache.
5.0 : Absolutely the best.  Smart, kind, funny.   THE BEST.  Hard class but worth every minute
4.0 : Professor Froehlich is, without a doubt, one of the nicest, most generous professors at Mason. The subject is hard and, a times, a bit dry, but he really cares about the subject and especially about his students. His enthusiasm for teaching is a breath of fresh air. He is a bit tougher, but for good reason. Read and go to class and you'll be fine.
5.0 : I LOVE HER SHE IS THE BEST PROFESSOR EVER!! She is very easy to understand and so knowledgeable and it doesn't hurt that she is also very good looking!
5.0 : I took Dr. Mann's class last semester. Her lectures are great. She gives a lot of homework because she states practice will make perfect and she's right! She does review sessions prior to exams. She makes learning easy and offers one on one tutoring, which helped me throughout the semester. I would definitely take her next semester for Chem 212.
5.0 : Definitely lecture heavy but incredibly interesting. Participation is key. It is her way of knowing you watched the film/read. Generally easy grader. I didn' think she was ever rude to the students, seemed fair to everyone and listened to any/all comments feedback. 1 movie/week. All of the movies are on reserve at library. Take this course!
4.5 : I took this class as an elective and Prof. Scarlata had some interesting lectures.  Some of the movies I was required to watch were great while others were torture .  However, I came away with a better understanding of filming techniques.  Overall this class is a good elective if you need the credits.
5.0 : I decided to take a course out of my department, and I am so glad that I did. Jessica is one of the most well read, intelligent professors I have had the opportunity to take a class with at Mason.
5.0 : This class had the most interesting movies. I had never heard of half of them, but I'm so glad I got to see them. Class is pretty easy. Just a handful of papers, watch the movies every week, and participate, and you should be fine. Professor Scarlata is really nice and helpful especially if you need to talk to her after class. I would take again.
2.5 : sure she's smart and the class was interesting at times but she wasnt very nice to some select students. shed be very condescending to a few commenters and it was uncomfortable. I don't think she even read/graded the final paper and just chose final grade randomly. We turned in the 4-5 pg paper on Monday and I got my final grade the next day. odd.
3.0 : This class was easy as the only assignments are 3 papers, but participation is HUGE, so if you partake in the discussions here and there you'll be fine. She's funny, pretty chill, and you learn a lot so I highly recommend taking this course with her!
5.0 : I always left class with a new perspective on something. She is really laid-back. I think she is a generous grader, although you're only graded on three papers. She will let you know what you can do better for your next paper though .you will need the textbook, but most of the class focuses on the movies we watch. Take her, you won't regret i!.
5.0 : She's a tough grader, but as long as you think hard and elaborate, you will get a good grade. Gives very good feedback so you know what to do better next time. Super helpful if you need anything as well. Challenges you to think. Some movies are a bit unwatchable but most were great.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I have ever had. I took her summer class 3 nights a week. Not only does she make class very interesting, but you actually enjoy watching the films that she chooses! You can tell she really cares about her students because when class would get really long on a Saturday night, she would bring in some snacks for us.
2.0 : Within the first ten minutes it was clear that she was very opinionated, and didn't plan to listen to anyone who didn't agree with her.  The class was about Indian and Irish film, and she repeatedly shut down students with first hand experience in Indian or Irish culture. She was not respectful of students or anything other than her own opinions.
5.0 : Great professor who clearly knows her material and knows how to relay it to her students in an engaging way. She encourages her students to actively participate and as long as you pay attention to class discussions and lectures, the graded work is easily done. She leaves great feedback on why you did or did not do well on graded assignments.
2.0 : I will say this--she really knows cultural studies, and I learned a lot. However. She seems uncomfortable lecturing, and can be condescending. Grades took FOREVER, comments sometimes seemed arbitrary and I never got my final paper back. After we all prepared presentations, she just decided we wouldn't do them because of her poor time management.
2.5 : The class itself is pretty enjoyable. This is a professor who knows her material. She does not like her opinion challenged, and she does not hide that she is very liberal minded (which was fine with me). The class can drag on, and she never responds to emails, which is frustrating. Overall average. Take if you enjoy arty films.
4.0 : Classes are a mix of discussion and lectures. You get to watch a lot of interesting movies, most of which are foreign indie films. Best to have taken an intro to film class before this one, since you'll be expected to use film analysis in your papers.
5.0 : This class was really great. We watched some interesting movies. The workload was pretty average with only a handful of papers, but you have to watch the movies and pay attention to film details. Participation matters but if you speak up once or twice, you're good to go. The professor was cool and really knew her stuff.
5.0 : Professor Scarlata is awesome! I loved the films we watched. Some of them were totally weird, but I learned a lot from them. She's really nice and approachable and willing to help if you need it. The class was a lot of fun and I would definitely take her again. She's one of the best professors at Mason, hands down.
3.0 : Professor Scarlata is a very intelligent professor, she is very open minded and witty. She is actually interested in what she is teaching. She wasn't an overly tough grader. Participation is a big chunk of the grade so you have to go to class and participate in class discussions. Work load was manageable, only one film a week and readings.
1.0 : She seems to be passionate about what she teaches but does a lot of repeating what is in the required reading material. She asks leading questions, but it is often unclear what she is looking for. There are three papers, a project, and a participation grade. Be careful what you say in the papers if she doesn't agree, it can reflect in your grade.
5.0 : I loved this class. It gave me a whole new perspective on Bollywood and film. The professor is really nice and knowledgeable. I felt like it was a good balance of lecture and discussion. Everyone gets a chance to share their opinions about the films and then we analyze them from there. I love that I got to learn about film and culture all at once.
4.0 : He gives a few quizzes on movies that you have to relate to the chapter of the week. His exams are a bit confusing due to his wording of the questions. He goes off topic during his lectures, a lot. But he's a fun teacher and tries to keep the class entertaining.
5.0 : Super qualified to teach this course. Really understanding and helpful if you have issues with material. Difficult midterm/final paper, but grades easy and you learn a lot. Only hw is readings- review readings to engage in class discussion, I didn't read too much and made it difficult for myself. Definitely recommend him! But not an easy A.
4.0 : Class is essay based. 1 term paper. 1 incredibly difficult midterm. 2 reading reports with presentations. The reading is often difficult but he does pull from it the important stuff. Helpful if you have a background in Central Asia because not a lot of initial material is given.
4.0 : Short papers each week based on readings (200 pages/week).  Co-lead three classes with three presentations (10 min), including submitting discussion questions. Final paper laying out full research design. Students end up teaching most of the class (lazy teaching method considering this isn't a communications class). Not enough class discussion.
3.0 : He is SUPER SUPER smart but his class was one of the worst classes that I have taken. He had +100 students in his class and his whole class was focus on game theory. Its really hard follow.  Please be careful when taking him, his classes are so big that its hard to ask questions.
2.0 : One of the worst classes I've taken. 50points of the 500 class total came from homework that averaged about 7 questions each with parts A-G per chapter. Tests were not hard but tricky. Final counts a lot. Cool guy but should stay in his area of expertise of Central Asia. 4 tests at 75pts, HW 50pts, final 150pts. 500 pts total
3.0 : Professor McGlinchey is very passionate about what he talks about, but you also have to be passionate about it as well if you want to enable yourself to really listen to him. He can get pretty boring and his tests can be pretty difficult, so DEFINITELY read the textbook chapters. Hardest class I took this semester. it was a gen ed class as well.
5.0 : Although he only taught our class for a few weeks, due to unexpected illness with our regular professor, Prof. Mcglinchey was awesome. He clearly has a thorough knowledge of world politics and he makes the subject so interesting and enjoyable. I would sign-up for any class he teaches in a heartbeat.
5.0 : A privilege taking class with McGlinchey. He is one of the best: engaging, allows for lots of questions, and applies all we learn to the real world. Material more theory-based--no country studies. Game theory introduced, which is rare for undergrad, but useful for the future. Great talks during office hours--he really respects you. Take him!
4.0 : I really enjoyed my Folklore class with Dr. Yocom. 15 years after graduating with my Master's degree in English, I can still remember her reading to us about 'La Llorena.' She is a tough grader because she is pushing you to do your best. Yes, classes can be a bit long and a bit dull. Bring coffee and try to get into the conversation and stories.
3.5 : He is very irritating and lectures for a 100 level lab way too much! we already have a lecture professor don't need another one. keeps you till the end when other lab TAs let you out within an hour. unless you have nothing better to do with your life don't take him his quizzes are also so long and tricky.
5.0 : He's amazing! Yes, you do have to stay longer (he keeps you until the end of lab) but it's for YOUR own knowledge. His quizzes are easy as long as you study his notes and pay attention in class. Whoever complains that his quizzes are hard is just a lazy bum. Because of him I was able to receive a good grade in lecture!
4.5 : Mike is amazing to say the least. He's the very best and he knows it. I don't know where I'd be in  A&amp;P if it weren't for him. This is my second semester with him. His lectures fly by. He cares about how you do and always has your best interest in mind. Getting out early is hit or miss, but who wouldn't to stay til the end... he's seriously so hot.
5.0 : He's soooooooooooooooo helpful. Anything you don't understand in lecture, he clears it up in lab. He makes lab not scary (especially the practicals). He will repeat things over and over again until you get it. And he's not hard on the eyes either ;)
5.0 : This class I took was LGBTQ Mental Health Course and Well Being The class is very well structured and everything you needed to know about the class was listed day one in the syllabus. There are a lot of reading for this course but it only stimulates the discussions that take place in class. I would highly suggest taking this class
5.0 : The class is an advanced quantitative class, focusing on regression. The final project is a secondary data analysis. Xiaoquan always takes time to answer questions and make everyone understands everything before moving on to the next concept. He does a great job of explaining things in a way that is easily understandable. Awesome professor.
5.0 : This is the best theory class I have taken ever. Very informative! His comments on the theories are very sharp, and he knows background knowledge and "gossips" about persuasion theories and theorists. Due to his research interest, the readings are more about health comm but the theories are very useful.
5.0 : Amazing lectures about health comm theories. His has thorough understanding of the theories both on the macro and micro level. This is overall a great theory class. Even though health comm is not your focus, this class is highly recommended.
4.0 : After you get used to his accent, his lectures are pretty interesting. His class is fast paced but allows for participation. He gives good examples of studies related to the theories. His exams are not difficult as he gives study guides and if you took good notes, then you are set. He is a good professor!
4.0 : Do all of your assignments &amp; go to class and you will get an A or B. Not a math person at all and I found this class easy if you followed along in lecture. Would have to say Dr. Daniels is best professor at Mason, hands down. Is also very willing to help you if you are confused at all -- wont give quiz until she feels like class is prepared.
5.0 : If you have to take finance, take Daniels! She gives you the formulas and the resources necessary to make the quizzes/tests easier. HW is checked for completion (easy A's!). You learn valuable lessons that will affect the rest of your life. She designs the class to help you pass. Only buy Carl Siegel's textbook. Be sure to go to class!!
5.0 : Best professor ever!  Good teacher and really cares about helping her students succeed.  I could hardly do math when starting the class and ended up passing thanks to her help.  As long as you do the work, she will support you.  She's a really great person all around!  Take her!
5.0 : The best literature, Spain history, and Latin America history  professor ever! I would suggest you guys to read each lecture, DON'T miss any class, participation is key in order to pass and follow his instructions for each assignment. If you're really interested to learn some good Spanish literature, this is the right professor for this field.
5.0 : I took 4 courses with Professor Carreo. He is truly AMAZING! His SPAN 530 course is a must; you will fall in love with don Quixote. Although I am graduating with my Masters, I will probably keep coming back to take more classes with him.
5.0 : Reading the Quixote in Spanish is not easy. Reading it in a condensed timeframe and writing intelligently about it even less so. That said, if you're going to read and study this masterpiece (and you definitely should!), there is no one better to lead you through it than Dr. Carreno. He is without equal. The end.
4.5 : Total hottie, but he is a great professor and although there is A LOT of reading, his classes are fun and he's very charismatic. He also makes up fun courses and I have learned so much from every class I've taken with him. If you have a chance to take SPAN 390 with him, do it. and for any Special Topics they are really fun.
5.0 : Good profesor!! This class was mostly about music and culture but he also talked about futbol (soccer) and is a big fan of Real Madrid. this was a 6 week course so we had a lot of work to do, 2 essay, mid-term &amp; final 2 quizzes on the map of Spain and Americas
5.0 : Prof. Carreo was one of the best professors that I've had. He didn't take the beaten path, but rather, taught more about the influences/mvmts that surrounded a literary work. I wish our classes were longer because just as the discussions got really good, time was up. He used various "tropes" in class, which kept it fun (ex: "sacar ms jugo").
5.0 : Amazing teacher, took 336 which focused on futbol and how it impacted Spanish and latin American culture. One of the best teachers at mason, lectures are always fun and interesting
5.0 : Super cute and an expert on Don Quixote and medieval Spain. I'm going out of my way to take another class with him next semester. No textbook, just Don Quixote.
5.0 : I had him back in the Spring. He is THE BEST Spanish Professor at George Mason University. He makes you learn a lot, but you'll have so much fun with him. He's very open and tolerant of different perspectives/views. I majored in Spanish during my undergrad, and I must say that this professor had the deepest impact in my life.
5.0 : Fun, cool profesor. Speaking Spanish (no English!) counts as participation, which counts as 30% of your grade. As long as you pay attention to his lectures about the literature, you will pass the tests (not many).
5.0 : I really liked Quinn. He talks, walks, acts, and looks like an executive. U Can use him as template on how to become one yourself. He's approachable, always willing to help, and he is teaching some essential business etiquette. No one else does this. You may not realize how important this is right now. He is also an easy grader. Take his class.
3.0 : Very confusing guy, contradicts himself a lot but overall he is a fair grader and he will help you if you ask. This class is a pain in general but he makes it a little less awful. Cool guy, drones on in class but can be funny.
5.0 : Honestly, this was an easy A. Show up to classes, and there's no way you won't receive an A. Whether you're good at the sport or not, he'll give you the credit for it. He's soooo nice and caring. he let me take the badminton rackets home to practice with. His class was super fun and enjoyable. I would def take him again.
5.0 : First off, these salties are so funny. Second, great professor Easy A, like I don't even want to know what they did to receive bad grades but let me tell you, they were probably just skipping too much, the participation grade literally gives you a B+, aka just showing up for the class and working out. Awesome guy, really cares about fitness!
5.0 : Amazing professor. He really cares about each student and is extremely understanding if you have any sort of injury that effects your physical performance. He gives great advice on all kinds of health topics. He is an old fitness junkie and he is just amazing all around. Great professor. Any of his classes would be great.
5.0 : Very motivating, knowledgeable. Wants you to put forth your 100%. YOU CANNOT BE LATE TO HIS CLASS. Else you will lose a percent for every minute you're late. You must participate every day. The entire class is a breeze, however. Just show up, easy A.
3.5 : not a bad or hard class. she should realize though that people do online classes because they have less time. going on to museums isn't exactly easy
3.0 : The class is very easy.  Waste of time and money. should look into another class.  Professor does not seem to put any effort into anything about the class.
4.0 : Took the online TOUR200 over the summer. Easy A. 5 discussion boards, 1 site analysis, 2 exams, and 1 project. DBs are easy. Site Analysis is a 3-4 pages paper with questions to guide you. Midterm was half MC half short answers. Final was 4 short answers 4 long answers. Project is relatively easy, do a ppt, record audio, and make a flyer. Easy.
5.0 : If you need a summer callss take her! She is so nice. Very clear on what she wants
5.0 : He's truly engaged with the class; it's more conversation and discussion than straight up lecture. He really listens to and explores all perspectives. Fantastic teacher, and also extremely engaged and attractive (so paying attention is a piece of cake).
5.0 : Fascinating class with wonderful, energetic professor. Lectures are very interesting, as is the text book. This historian does everything he can to help students with writing assignments. One test at the end with lots of review.
4.0 : I really enjoyed his lectures. He's very energetic and makes an effort to make the material interesting. He only makes you do 2 papers and there's a final but it is important to come to class. He covers a lot of material every day especially for this course. But I would recommend him for anyone
5.0 : Excellent classes with assignments that were engaging
5.0 : An all-around great professor. He manages to inform, but also give room for students to have informed debates about historical subjects. He can be strict, but only when necessary to keep the class going, and even then he is every fair about it. Although he is very political in his views, he is perfectly willing to debate them with willing students.
4.0 : Christopher Hamner is an inspiring lecturer. Very straight-forward grading criteria: Pick any two out of seven essays + one final. Assigns quite a bit of reading, but it's par for the course in a history class. If you need a history elective, I'd highly recommend him.
5.0 : Professor Hamner is an incredible professor. He is very passionate about what he teaches and it's shown in his lectures. The class itself is not too difficult and pretty straightforward. I highly recommend taking one of his courses.
5.0 : Hamner is quite simply a professor you should take. He is a phenomenal lecturer, perhaps the best I've had at Mason. Extremely engaging, loves answering questions and discussing the material with students. His class is structured very well and he values student feedback. Low-stress class that you will learn a lot in. A must-take!
4.5 : Probably one of the best Professors at GMU, seriously.  He is so knowledgeable on EVPP and teaches it so well. He always gets the whole class involved and doesnt just lecture! He is super helpful and if you need extra help-he will help you. One of my favorite classes at GMU, take him- hes so awesome, I learned SO much from him!
5.0 : He is my ideal Professor! Very smart, explains very well, very helpful, pleasure to go to class. Take him, you won't regret!!!
5.0 : Dr. Balint is an excellent professor! He teaches in a way that is very lucid and highly intellectually stimulating. I rarely used the assigned textbooks, but I did take copious notes every class period. As long you take good notes, the assignments and exams are fairly easy and you should get an A in his class. I highly recommend taking him!
5.0 : The best professor I have had at GMU and... ever. Super-smart, engaging, funny and nice. Very approachable and helpful. I highly recommend taking his classes.  Not only does he make his subject interesting (even statistics), he makes you want to know more about everything.  Knows all his students by name after the first class.  Truly exceptional!
5.0 : Probably the best professor I have taken at GMU. He definitely is a great lecturer, drills the info into your head. Never took a class with ECON concepts and now I feel confident in my understanding with environmental policy.  Hands down would pay tuition just for him. He wants everyone to learn and understand, don't hesitate to ask Q's.
5.0 : Great guy great class.  Easy grader
5.0 : Professor Jones is a gem. I absolutely appreciated his class because he really made sure that we all understood as a class.
5.0 : One of the best teachers at mason hands down. Helpful, honest and very sincere. Read the book and you'll pass the class easily.
1.0 : He obviously knows the material, but cannot present it in a student-friendly manner  -- mostly because his lectures are boring. He references his own work a lot, and includes a book he wrote as required reading. The readings he assigns seem gratuitous, and he provides little foundation for the course material.
5.0 : Simply great
3.0 : requires alot of textbooks that you can find on youtube in audio version for free . Required his own book as part of the course material. lectures the whole time based on the reading. Has good intentions but i could passed the class without coming even once, even through i was there everyday.
5.0 : She is awesome. If you are  hardworking , you can get a good grade even if you are not good at dance.
4.0 : She is so great both as a dancer and a professor. She is just there to help like your friend, and her class was rather a break for me among the lectures. Two papers, three dance performances in art building, one midterm dance, one final project, that's all. Easy yet interesting.
3.5 : Midterm and final are take home papers, you're required to attend 4 dance performances (2 you're required to write a paper on, the other 2 just notes), no exams, no HW. You have to dance and attend lecture in order to get participation points. She's great, she is very energetic.
2.5 : Vague grading criteria (Doesn't even post grades so you don't even know where you are in the class until on patriot web), Thought it would be easy and didn't end up with an A somehow, I went to every class and did all of the assignment as well, Look somewhere else for an easier class
5.0 : If you're serious about learning modern dance, take this class. I'm a dancer, and this is the best intro modern class I have ever taken. I learned SO MUCH! Easy A if you show effort, but you'll get bored if technique and theory don't interest you.  Challenging movements, but we all learned them! Only (-) was 3 papers, when 1 was enough. Loved her!
2.0 : Lots of assignments and ridiculous papers, but she's just following the dance school requirements. I wouldnt suggest this class for your art gen ed, but it definitely wasn't awful.
5.0 : Dr. Crate is an excellent professor and very passionate about her field (Anthropology)! The material and her lecture style makes the class very interesting. Be prepared to work your tail off, though. There is a ton of reading, a very long term paper, and a student led presentation. My semester was very hectic but also very rewarding. She's a gem!
3.0 : Prof. Crate's is not easy. She's incredibly knowledgeable but she assigns a term paper, a student led presentation, and a take home exam. In total its about 20,000 words required. Be prepared to work hard.
3.5 : Dr. Baily's feedback on papers is usually helpful.  Personally, however, she can be difficult to read.  Her moods are unstable and it is difficult to know if she is going to be kind to you or pretend she doesn't know you.  One thing is constant though - as per Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics (Book IV) she leans on the side of proud.
4.0 : Dr. Baily's expectations for assignments are clear and her feedback is super helpful. Some professors comment on style issues that aren't important but Baily will be direct and tell you what to change to help the broader audience. In other words, she's a stickler for APA. Sometimes she can be a little moody, but aren't we all?
4.5 : Very organized class, interesting topics and discussions. Prompt responses, participation matters and short group class works. Get ready to read, and watch a lot of movies and documentaries. I really enjoyed this class. One final paper, mid and a long final exam. Professor Malouf is great, understanding and helpful. I say take him all day everyday.
5.0 : Prof Malouf is a great teacher. He really knows the material and knows how to communicate it to his students. You sometimes read a lot or a little dense stuff, but he helps your understand it and prepares you for the papers he assigns. He also gives great feedback and is willing to meet to discuss anything.
3.0 : We had a paper almost every Friday and often, if I came to him with any questions, I would leave with more questions than answers.
4.0 : It takes a miracle to make Joyce's "Ulysses" appealing. Professor Malouf succeeded by the widest of margins. Plus, narrating the text in an Irish brogue on occasion is always a welcome treat. 1010 would take again.
5.0 : I loved Virginia Woolf before I took his class, but I now I love her even more. He is so engaging and one of the most helpful professors I have ever had. Just do the readings, the assignments , and make lots of appointments to talk with him about your writing and you will be fine. Also, Dr. Malouf wants you to participate a lot which is great!
5.0 : I love Malouf! He's so funny and awkward, but he really loves what he's teaching. He makes the lecture so enjoyable and encourages discussion. Of course, since this is an English course, he assigned tons of writing assignments and essays. If you work hard, he'll reward you for your efforts.
5.0 : As the previous person mentioned, It is no small task to teach James Joyce and make his work come to life. The whole class I believe was totally invested in Ulysses which made the class so interesting.
5.0 : He is a very good professor and can't tell you enough how clear he is in his expectations. The class is hard, expect to write a LOT but he grades fairly and if you put in a good amount of work on each paper expect an A.
5.0 : I am not found of reading, specially when it comes to literature. However, when it came to Dr. Malouf's "Oil culture class I couldn't believe the number of books I read and documentaries I saw. Very interesting class, guided by the right professor. You will get a lot out of his class, he helps you understand the material using different approaches.
4.0 : A lot of reading but interesting plays/essays. Wish he was more clear of expectations in terms of essay standards.
5.0 : For someone who is an accounting major, Professor Malouf certainly made English more appealing to me. I tend to read more and like english better ever since i took his class. Great teacher!
4.5 : Dr. Malouf made me love literary theory when I was dreading the class. His pedagogical approach to theory is to try it out on texts and you don't necessarily have to be completed right because it is about the process and the engagement with the theory. I HIGHLY recommend anything he teaches.
4.0 : His is a great professor. Easy going and very knowledgeable of the real world.
4.5 : He is an awesome professor. Very easy going and super knowledgeable of the real world.
4.0 : Professor Wolfe was great. The key to passing this class is picking a good group at the beginning of the semester for the 30 page feasibility study since it is a semester long project. If you do happen to get a bad group then just be prepared to do extra work. Also attend all classes and participate in class, participation is 30% of your grade.
4.5 : I found him inspirational, super knowledgeable and over qualified in his field.  The class is not hard but you learn a lot about entrepreneurship.  The group project can be a pain but most of the grade is fro the midterm and final.
3.0 : Professor Wolfe's instructions are so confusing at times. Didn't provide feedback until the last day of lecture.
5.0 : He brings a lot of real world experiences to lectures and he is an expert in his field. Lectures are interesting and fun so I actually look forward to class every week. He does curve the exams and gives study guides. Semester-long group project can be tough so pick the right team. Definitely will take again if I have the chance.
3.5 : He is a nice professor. Expect 2 Individual Papers, One Group Paper, and One Group Presentation. Seems a lot at first but it really is not that bad. Uses mainly a case method approach. All cases written by himself. Be prepared to participate. I did learn some stuff from his class.
3.0 : Here's something I wish I knew before taking this class:   There is a 30 page paper..   Beware.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class because of the professor. He is very nice and accommodating. He made the class as interesting as possible and didn't assign useless assignments like many professors do.
5.0 : Real world experience.
4.5 : This was one of the few classes where I felt like I actually learned stuff and will be able to retain it. The tests are open book/open note. You have to understand the concepts/cases gone over in class, but he makes sure everyone understands them. I didn't even study for the midterm since I knew each concept so well. One of my fave classes!
4.0 : Really enjoyed his class.  He talks fast, but there is a lot of material to cover.  Short papers on reading every week, midterm and final are papers.  LOTS OF READING!  Knows a lot about Rome and European history.  Says attendance not required but you really should go to class.  If you need help, then ask, very kind and wants you to learn.
4.0 : Interesting class and subject, Prof. Collins definitely is good at lecturing. The subject can sometimes dip into being boring, but overall the class was good. Grading was entirely based on papers related to the readings, ten short papers and three (out of five options) long papers. Would take again.
5.0 : Loved this class. the professor always had jokes to make about history!
4.0 : He is a really funny guy, very laid back. It is good and bad, but attendance is not mandatory. There aren't any quizzes or any surprises/tricks. He is always there if you need help and is very approachable. I did a lot of last minute papers and I came out with an A-. Best part he made the class interesting even though I am not into "art." TAKE HIM!
5.0 : He gives solid, interesting, and insightful lectures. Attendance is not mandatory in the slightest, and the only grades you are given are based off of a few SIMPLE writings. You could not show up and get an A, but you would be missing out on great lectures.
5.0 : Prof. Collins make history so interesting. He makes discussion in class a huge priority because he wants to go over passages in the text that can potentially be used to write your three essays. You get five essays to choose from, and you write three over the course of the semester. There is an extra credit if you are interested. Great guy!
5.0 : just finished my third course with Professor Collins.  He is extremely smart and knowledgeable but still takes time to encourage student feedback and listens to everyone.  he knows his stuff.  Lectures are really interesting and he adds humor.  Definitely recommend.
4.5 : Prof. Collins is great. The class wasn't as interesting as I thought, but for a summer course it was pretty simple. He's helpful, approachable, and you can tell he's passionate about the topics. If you show up and try, you'll do fine.
4.0 : Great proffesor! He is nice and sweet, however, his lecture can get a little dry and boring.
4.0 : Source Assignments are strictly on the readings (from my experience), so highlight as you read. He's an easy grader and lectures are interesting and helped to clarify some of the events in the readings, as the books are a little difficult to understand (they go really quickly through the material)
4.5 : I absolutely adore Prof. Collins!! He makes history fun and interesting, and I'm not even close to a history major. Took Medieval History of England and was thoroughly interested. He gives some extra credit, but it's mostly just the 3 papers which are like 2-3 pages long. Keep up with the reading and you'll get an A.. Attendance isn't mandatory.
5.0 : This was my 2nd time taking one of Collin's classes. He lectures the whole time but keeps it lively with his wit and humor. 10 source assignments, 1 long source assignment, midterm and final. I really enjoyed his classes and look forward to take more of them later on.
5.0 : Professor Collins is great. He is intelligent and entertaining. He makes what is sometimes considered dry history material very engaging with his lectures and he is very funny. He stresses primary source reading and encourages interaction from his students. Definitely recommend taking him.
5.0 : Amazing proff!! He truly inspired me to be a better person (forgiveness and recon class) &amp; honestly, best professor on campus. Classes are mandatory, but it's mostly group discussion. I didn't buy one of the books, so ask a classmate to photocopy the chap. there are group assignments every week and an easy final. You won't regret taking AL :)
4.5 : Prof. Al is GREAT! He is passionate about what he does, and it shoes. He makes sure to include everyone, and makes the class interesting. DEFINATELY take him!
4.5 : He is a very interesting person. His classes were always fun, and the class topics are amazing. There are about 6 to 7 assignments, but they're very doable as long as you follow the instructions. He is very passionate and caring. He's a really cool guy who you'd still contact and talk to even after you finish his class.
5.0 : He's an amazing professor who cares for you and what he teaches. His lectures are very interesting and engaging. Not a hard grader. He knows his materials and is prepared for class. Would take him again!
4.5 : He is an amazing person and very passionate about what he teaches. It was a joy to learn from him even though the topic of human trafficking is not something I wanted to learn about. It is a great class and I would recommend it to anyone!
5.0 : Loved his class!!!! One of the best teachers I have had at George Mason. He made a weekend class engaging and interesting. As a student, I felt that his teaching style encouraged participation among all students without judgement.
5.0 : He was the first professor I took at Mason for my first year of college, he is soooo cheesy but all his lectures always retained back to relevant events going on currently. He is very helpful, extremely respectful and over all welcoming. Gives good feedback on essays, also be prepared to get called on along with tons of group work. No tests!
3.0 : Great professor who is passionate about what he teaches. He does expect the best from you so he is a tough grader. Once you get your first essay back you will see what he expects and you should be okay from there. Group projects are a must and class attendance is crucial. His classes are not boring and go by very fast.
4.0 : Prof. Al is the most passionate professor that I have ever met. I took 2 of his courses this past semester (Human Trafficking and Forgiveness and Reconciliation). I LOVED his classes. You learn so many valuable things and walk away with so much more knowledge. I enjoyed going to class and reading our text. Take his class if you have the chance!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and experienced in his field. Willing to share his inspiring stories and welcomes others to share theirs. About 3 papers that are pretty open-ended, with regards to identity, so can write what you want for the most part. One digital story and a final presentation that's easier than it seems. Definitely a wonderful professor!
5.0 : Exams are tough and programs arent worth enough.  But, take this class with Bruno.
1.0 : This professor should have never been a coordinator. She overloads you with work, HW, Quizes, and Test is not indicative of work done in class. Lectures and book are written as if you already know material. Tons of errors in her textbook and notes. No chance to pick up your grade and does not understand how to teach. Is a horrible grader (harsh)
5.0 : The section I took was a new "guinea-pig" section - one 2:45 hour lecture rather than the usual two 45 minute lectures. She effectively made use of the 3-hour lectures by demonstrating concepts, answering questions in regards to the weekly-released reading materials and examples, and constantly encouraging participation. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Amazing class!  Bruno is the BEST!
5.0 : She is the best teacher!
5.0 : Bruno is great.  U don't have to go to class, I mean she doesn't take attendance.  But, going to class and working hundreds of problems is the only way to pass.
5.0 : Bruno is awesome.  The text is not only required - you'll need it to pass.  Don't settle for another prof - Bruno is it.
4.0 : I failed her class once, but that was actually my fault for not following her lesson plan. She clearly cares about her students and provides detailed information about what will be covered on the test and quizzes. Probably, one of the best professors I have had at GMU.
4.0 : This is her first time teaching IT 102. There are a total of 14 homework assignments, one midterm, one final exam, and four quizzes. She uploaded the lectures online quickly and grades the exams quickly. She's a hard grader, but also lenient with the partial credit. She's a good professor, but the textbook is useless because there are no solutions.
5.0 : Dr. Bruno is the one the best teachers I've  ever had.  She utilizes the flipped classroom approach in what I would imagine is the most ideal and effective way it should be run.  Come to class and pay attention and look through the power points she posts and you will do well.
3.0 : She makes a lot of mistakes. Her text book also has loads of mistakes. She gives partial credit on the quizzes and exams but still a harsh grader. There's no extra credit or curve. Sometimes you do have to teach yourself some of the topic, also please do take the time to do the practice problems from the book.
2.0 : I took the online portion of IT 102 with her and the amount of errors I found in the textbook, homework, study guides, and quizzes was astounding. While studying for the final I found multiple errors in the study guide, and it made me not trust anything that was written down. It was unacceptable and made me second guess myself and my answers.
5.0 : AMAZING! By far the best Professor I have had so far. Highly recommend him.
4.0 : Great lectures. The guys is very passionate about the subject matter. He still has in class exams at the graduate level which is kind of silly. He was a pretty easy grader, just follow the rubric and you'll get an A.
5.0 : I took his PUAD 540 class during the summer and it was a lot of fun to attend.  Yes, that's right!  His class was entertaining and it's an easy 'A'.  It's the only class where I don't feel like I have to drag myself to it.  I wish all professors taught like Raffety.
2.0 : Boring lecturer. 6 assignments and then the "final" 7th assignment is uses the first 6. Need the textbook. Went to class everyday, got 100% on the first 6 assignments, did the extra credit, checked with him to make sure I am doing the final assignment correctly, and I ended up with a C! Have no idea what I did wrong, thought I was gonna get an A.
3.0 : Dr. Banks was great and he had suggested that as long as we turn in all of our assignments and came to class we would get an A. We had several assignments that he checked off as completed but then at the end of the course I ended up with a C out of no where. I honestly thought I would walk away with an A since he had just checked off the assigments
4.0 : Lectures are SUPER boring, so bring your laptop. Broke down the big final research paper into 6 smaller papers (final research paper is all 6 combined). The directions for each assignment are wordy, but they're easier than they look. He lets you resubmit the assignments if you didn't get the grade you wanted.
5.0 : Great teacher. Very clear. Focuses on students actualy understanding material than just grades. Wish I could have taken more classes with him. Inspires me to want to be a teacher.
5.0 : He tells grandpa jokes, but it is endearing. He breaks down the final assignment into six smaller assignments, and will let you revise these assignments as many times as you need to get an A.
5.0 : He is "The Best Professor" under whom I have taken courses so far.. if u ever get a chance definitely take his class
3.5 : I think I wasn't suited to his style. I always came in very willing to learn the material and always left completely drained of energy. In the end, the class was just such a struggle but I left it, battered, bruised, but somehow feeling very knowledgable about computer systems. I might take him again, but it was such a struggle to stay awake.
4.0 : I don't think I've ever seen someone comment so thoroughly on returned test papers.  The expectations for the class are straightforward, and programming projects are challenging and interesting.
4.0 : Professor Aydin is a pretty harsh grader, but he is a decent lecturer. CS 471 in general is a pretty tough class, the projects are totally independent and can be near impossible at times. Think of this class as two 400 level courses and schedule accordingly.
5.0 : Aydin prepares you so well in CS367 that when you get to CS465 almost everything is a review rather than new information. On the flip side it makes his 367 class pretty hard. But it is definitely worth it.
1.0 : I took prof. Hakan Aydin CS471 class last Spring and wouldnt recommend him for the following reasons.  1. He discourages teamwork. In fact, he went out of his way not to collaborate as some students put all the load on others.  This could be true, but he is more concerned about who does what than what the student learns in a teamwork. In a real wo
4.5 : Great professor!! If you need this class take it with him!! Truly enjoyed his class. Show up to class and follow his directions on papers and you will do great.
3.5 : Nice professor that is really helpful. What he wants is a tad bit confusing at first but if you ask him, he will break it down for you. All assignments are papers.
3.0 : Nice guy, tough but fair grader. Definitely not an easy A. Make sure you get a good group and start the major group paper early. If you try to put in an effort you can pass with at least a B.
5.0 : DO NOT TAKE ANY OTHER 498 CLASS THAN WITH JOSHI. 498 was my favorite class in all of mason hands down. Real world application that actually makes you feel like what you are learning is worthwhile and needed.
5.0 : One of the few professors that I will remember years from now. He truly cares about making you think and not just memorize like most professors. Invaluable professor, probably my favorite. Wish I could have him once a semester, no more than that because he is demanding. Be open, communicate, don't be late, participate, study, and learn from him!
5.0 : Joshi is hands down one of the best professors at GMU. He easily made this class my favorite courses taken in college. Very knowledgeable of strategy. Tough/fair grader but he will walk you through how to apply yourself analytically to real world business strategy. Read the book, read business articles, apply your knowledge, and you will do well.
5.0 : Professor Joshi is the professor you want to have. He's strict, hilarious, and a great role model. He might seem scary at first but trust me he has good intentions for his students. He's a fan of active learning. He pushes you out of your comfort zone to really apply the concepts and think as a general manager. I can confidently say I learned a lot
4.5 : I don't know that I've ever had a professor that was more dedicated to his or her student's success than Prof. Moore.  I really felt like she bent over backwards to make sure people would pass this class.  If people didn't do well, it was on them, because she helped with research, writing, everything.  Senior seminar-necessary evil-glad I had her
5.0 : Dr. Moore is a phenomenal professor. She is laid-back,  intelligent, and incredibly caring. She goes out of her way for students and provides guidance throughout the entire research and writing process. But please be aware; she is a tough grader and she gives an unnecessary amount of homework.
5.0 : Professor Moore is an amazing teacher!  She is passionate about history and truly wants her students do to well. She knows what she's doing and imparts that knowledge to her class so that we end up actually writing our senior thesis--and graduating!!! She makes sure you don't freak out over the process &amp; even makes it fun! I highly recommend her.
4.5 : Took her for senior seminar. She helped me through my research and was understanding when I hit roadblocks. She was even pretty relaxed about oral presentations. Sweet woman, always willing to help, and fair grader. Only critique is some of the homework she had us do was unnecessary at our level of research experience. Cool professor and she fine.
4.5 : Professor Moore is not an easy professor, but she is extremely helpful and you will leave as a better historian and writer. She is clear on what you need to do to pass, and what will cause you to fail. Above all though, she puts her students first and will do anything to help as long as you ask. I would suggest taking her class, especially for 300.
3.5 : Professor Moore is amazing! Seems a little flighty at times but, overall is very sweet and willing to help you!  You can tell she really cares about her students.  Took her for senior seminar and was very helpful every step of the way!
4.0 : Prof. Willis is simply amazing! He does his all to engage w students. He makes it clear that no answer is ever stupid, he encourages you in every way! Make sure to listen wisely during class bc he gives you every answer to tests/quizzes. In his "short answer" questions, literally break it down so that a 3rd grader could understand! He loves it!
4.0 : Expect to read a lot of articles. He has 6 quizzes (drops 2) and 3 exams (cumulative). Please dont skip class near the end of semester. I skipped and two quizzes suffered. (missed one and failed one) Whatever he says counts and will be in exam or quiz. There are written response on both quiz and exam. He is great though he makes it easy.
5.0 : Amazing professor! He's specific in the way he grades but its worth it because he teaches you EVERYTHING. Easy A if you follow his instructions.
5.0 : If you think you're going to  skate by because this is an intro class, forget it! The material is challenging but Willis makes it easy to understand. 6 quizzes, 3 tests. He loves short answer questions and you will learn to love them too! If you want to actually learn something, take this class!
5.0 : Professor Willis is by far one of the best professors at GMU. Clear guidelines for everything in the course. Prepares you very well for exams. 6 quizzes, 2 midterms, and 1 final. I really enjoyed his lectures. Definitely take him if you really want to learn. He loves short answers, you will learn to love them too by the end of the semester.
5.0 : Professor Willis is one of the most charismatic professors I have had at Mason. You will definitely have to earn your grade but he makes the material simple to understand. You will have to study to pass the quizzes and exams but I think it is all worth it. He takes feedback very seriously, therefore, he is always making amends to improve his class.
5.0 : Well CS530 is theoretical math, but this professor makes it interesting. When you go to his class you feel you learn something. He gives bonus points to give answer in his lectures, sometimes ends up giving more marks to few persons who are already scoring good. The home works are tricky, TA was pathetic. He keeps things simple, highly Recommended!
5.0 : Participation matters. Lectures are intellectually stimulating. Makes complex things easy and understandable. Work extra to get bonus. Lucky to have such a great professor, Highly Recommended.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Attend all the classes.
5.0 : Dmitri is amazing! Trust me, I've taken two of his courses, he's the best teacher I met. He introduces the difficult things in the easy way to make you better understand. He gives many bonus points for the in-class question answering, which makes students always focus on the important parts of lecture. Just choose Dmitri, he is the best.
2.0 : lectures are not related to each other and also tests are not good
5.0 : EXAMS NOT EASY. BUT NO BOOKS NEEDED.
5.0 : he is the best!!!!!!! if you're taking this class, you should take it with him.
3.0 : his tests are so tricky, it's almost unfair. but from what i heard, he's actually the better professor teaching accounting. he talks really fast so you have to pay attention. IF HE SAYS A TEST QUESTION EXAMPLE, WRITE IT DOWN. i know i have to repeat, but i'll still take him again
3.5 : He does go through the material pretty quickly, I suggest recording his lectures. But he does repeat everything many times. So make sure you pay attention and go to class. The tests can get tricky when you don't read carefully. READ CAREFULLY!
1.0 : TERRIBLE professor! DO NOT take him. The problems on Connect are nothing like the problems on the exams. The class average is a D and he does nothing to help us besides criticize us for doing poorly. He says one thing in class, but during the exam none of the choices were what he says. I regret taking him and should've taken Hylton instead.
1.0 : Simply the worst. Average for the first exam was a 70%, 60% for the second exam, and 58% for the 3rd. He's just horrible. Save yourself and DO NOT TAKE HIM. I skipped my other classes to study for his exams and ended up with an F.
2.5 : I'll get straight to it. he was not a very good professor. He rushed through material, which at the time was awesome because it's a night class. In the end it had pretty toxic effect.  tired of adjuncts with full time jobs. ez connect practice quizzes to raise your confidence, then his tests destroys it. he knows his stuff but shouldn't b teaching.
5.0 : Professor Harley is VERY good at explaining accounting concepts. The lectures help immensely, so don't miss class. You'll need to buy the textbook if you want to do really well on the online Connect HW/quizzes. It's not an easy class, but if you put in the time and the work, you should get a B, at the VERY LEAST a C. Also, he lets you out early. :)
2.5 : Accounting is a dificult class regardless. He is pretty good about responding to emails. Reviews exams but you can't keep them, I took pictures. Exams are multiple choices but are very difficult and tricky. Class average is about 68% curves grades by a few points in the end.  Recommend recording long lectures.  Don't buy text, just buy access code.
2.0 : He is one of the good Accounting professors. Accounting is a tough class that mean you need to study a lot. If you didn't study you wont pass!
3.0 : He's an okay professor. Took him in the SUMMER and barely passed with a C. His exams are compounded and tricky.   For example, some of his exam questions will have choice "A and B Above," "B and C only," and things like that. Do the homework because it helps!  Take notes &amp; write down everything he puts on the board because they WILL be tested!
4.0 : Best accounting teacher, took the class with Hylton and she was terrible so I took it with Harley and really understood him.
5.0 : Best accounting professor at GMU! Funny, clear, and helpful. Email any question and he will answer within 24h. He tells you  exactly what is on the exam. Record his lectures if possible and write everything from the whiteboard. Get the textbook if you want to do well and practice multiple choice exercises at the end of each chapter. He curves!
5.0 : Took professor Harley during the summer. Very thorough with his lessons and will go over the problem as many times as you request until you understand it. ACC203 is very hard but I managed an A in this class compared to failing with Hylton. Exam questions are tricky but show up to class and do all the homework.
4.0 : Really easy going, although the class itself is beyond boring and mundane, he makes it easy to learn. Go to class, he gives you the test answers and most of the questions that will be on the tests. Take his later class, 7:20-10pm.
1.0 : Accounting isn't easy in my opinion professor harley's lectures are very fast if you miss his class you will struggle exams are tricky but he is definitely better than Hylton.
2.0 : On the first day of class he announced (in very poor taste): "I make my tests as difficult as possible" as well as "The truth is I don't like accounting either, guys." This completely killed my motivation to learn accounting.  We need professors who are motivators and passionate about the subjects they teach.
4.0 : My first time taking accounting, I'm glad I took Harley than Hylton. My advice is to READ and PRACTICE the chapters and WRITE EVERYTHING he has on the board. His lectures is like a HOLY BIBLE to be successful in accounting because he tells you EXACTLY what's on the exam. Accounting is hard, but have the courage to put effort in the class! Good Luck
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class with Professor Harley. He is an AMAZING, hilarious lecturer and goes over each chapter 2 sometimes 4 times! Listen to him in class and write everything down. He tells you EVERYTHING that will be on the exams. Practice the journal entries and study and you will do well in this class. He is one of my favorite professors!
4.0 : You must show up and write everything he does on the board. The class is hard, you have to put in the effort if you want the grade. Tests can be confusing with questions that are meant to trick you. The class is well structured, you know what to expect from each chapter. Ten-point grading scale, three exams and one final, and HW. Hard class overall
3.0 : class is scheduled from 720 - 10 but you always get out at 930 the latest. Makes me question if he isn't teaching all the material or not. Overall he's a good lecturer but the exams are hard  tricky! I recommend him though, very nice guy. No complaints really
5.0 : Teaches you things you can actually use in real life by using examples from his past experiences. Don't wait until last minute to do work on final, start after 1st class (use book and PowerPoints). Go to class, he goes over exactly how to answer homework and test problems. The cases are hard so start early and he will answer all of your questions.
5.0 : He is very engaging, responsive &amp; helpful. His lectures include really useful information for career and he does counseling so he gives us useful career advice. You wouldn't imagine! A is very possible, don't forget to submit your work on time!
1.0 : All he talks about is himself, he doesn't teach anything. When you e-mail him you get a one word answer that is not helpful at all. I can't believe this guy has any good ratings on here, everyone I know who's seen his assignments think they're ridiculous. Do not take.
4.5 : I work and take classes in the evening and for the first time (80 + credits) I can use what I learn in class at work. He is not worried about going over the book, interested in teaching us something we can actually use. Great Professor!
5.0 : This guy is the best! His classes are based on REAL life, not like some professors I've had in the past. He literally goes over how to do the hw, although it is lengthy. Take home Midterm and Final, but doesn't mean its easy. He loves when you participate, so don't be jerk. Very respectable man! Wish he taught more OM courses.
4.0 : He's a very chill guy and is very clear with his expectations. He has changed a lot from previous semesters. As this semester there was a lot of cheating so he changed the way he does things. No more take home exams they are in class still open notes which is a nice but he has changed a lot. Still a very wise and helpful professor.
3.0 : Surprisingly tough grader. I thought I did well on the homework and exams yet he's so nitpicky and takes points off which matter significantly. Need to show up to every class in order to get an A or B. You do not want to miss those in class points
5.0 : Class isnt difficult and text book isnt necessary.  He posts all the slides. 2 pages writing for final for. Most pts are from group project. Hell give you the answers(kind of hard) but you have to figure out how.  Singer and Pendola are BEST OM prof. They receive a bad rap from &lt; 300 course. Upper 300 require ton of critical thinking. Awesome!
5.0 : Pendola is a great, no nonsense kind of professor. He makes lectures enjoyable and is gives clear guidance on what is expected for assignments (even shows examples). If you miss class, you will fall behind on Excel assignments and will likely fail if you don't turn them in. If he taught more classes I needed for my degree, I would take him again.
5.0 : Best professor I have had. Hopefully I can take another class of his. He is very clear and has interesting lectures. Not one boring class.
5.0 : i luv dis man. great lecturer and made content so easy to learn &amp; understand to actually use excel outside of school. he not only taught the class but gave me great life lessons.. things u dont learn like what to do for a job interview, how to have multiple sources of income. I LOVE HIM. PROF, I KNOW U READ THESE.. PLS TEACH MORE 3
4.0 : Professor Pendola has rules that need to be followed. If he expects you to do the work yourself, do it, don't copy, don't plagiarize. Everything thats relevant to the home-works and tests, he teaches them in class. It was fairly easy. Sometimes his lectures aren't exactly OM related but are very useful in other areas. I enjoyed his class.
5.0 : He's the ONLY BEST prof @Mason. His lectures are amazing! Loved the way he teaches. He's funny. His classes are very engaging. He listens to students and answers questions. You have to follow up his lectures in order to do well in HW and exams, but it's not hard! He'll be there for you! No surprises. Very Clear! ... I mean, TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : Best Professor! Take him.
4.0 : The only reason I attended his class was because he gave us real world examples. Class was overall easy and to the point. Just hope for a good group. No book needed.
2.0 : THE LECTURES ARE SOOOOOOOO FUN! funny guy. hw is hard!!!! but the final is okay. only 3-4 assignments but take a long time to do it. no book needed!
2.0 : If you want to learn nothing about operations management and earn an A take him. He spends the 1st hour talking about some random life lesson, then a 30 minute break, then attempts to lecture the class content for the last 30 mins and says "ok lets call it a night an hour early." stress free class which is nice but nothing was learned in the class
5.0 : Great professor, who actually tries to teach you stuff that i used in real life. Lectures are very interesting and he is very easily approachable. As a student you just need to attend his lectures, do homework and be active in class. He's the professor you should consider taking for this course. Can't imagine someone to be better.
5.0 : You need to go to class to know how to do Excel assignments, because they are on ur homework and exams. Easy A exams, idk how people do poorly tho.. You would also better get a good group, because there is a big consulting project, but it was very fun and you can learn a lot from it. He also teaches soft skills you need to have in your career )
5.0 : Great professor he will bust your chops sometimes, but thats what made his class fun. I would say if you are proficient at using Excel, come to class, and are precise you should have no trouble. There were only 5 problems on the exam and first HW which account for 40 percent of grade, so small margin for messing up.  Case studies were difficult.
5.0 : I can't say how many good things about professor John. He is the best professor ever. He will give you the best grade if you do hw, and attend every class. Professor John has a warm heart and he is super sweet. He will help you a lot to earn an A in his class. Take him !
5.0 : Professor Pendola is definitely one of the greatest at Mason. His lectures are truly interesting, stimulating, and informative. He gives a lot of real life examples to help you learn. Also, he's a easy grader so super easy A+ (he doesn't give A+ though). I didn't put much time into this course and I got 100 out of 100 for the final grade. Take him!
5.0 : Professor Pendola does not focus on trying to teach OM but leave you with valuable lessons &amp; topics that will be useful in the future or while trying to get your career together! He is amazing &amp; truly cares for the success of his students. Pretty easy A but show up to class because he looks at attendance if you are on the border with your grade.
5.0 : My most amazing teacher by far. Explains concept very well. Loved every lecture. Homework was okay. Very helpful. Always ready to help if you need help. Take him and you won't regret it. Your work reflects your grade
3.0 : He has a great personality and keeps the class interesting, especially how he relates the material to funny examples. iClickers are not mandatory BUT they do boost your grade up! The class is a bit challenging but it manageable, it is just A LOT of information!
4.0 : I took him Fall 2013....one word....riot. Had the morning class and this guy had me rollin!! As for tests, he makes them seem like they will be awful but they are really not that bad but you do need to study. It is a lot of content. I never even read the book because ppts come straight from the book so I saw no point. Great class!!
4.0 : Dr. Hermoso is wonderful!  He did get sick and lose his voice while I was in this class, but he still made sure that everyone understood what was going on.  He had his LA teach, but he supervised the entire time to make sure there wasn't any missing material.  He really cares about all of his students, and he wants you to succeed.
4.5 : His lectures are interesting and entertaining. His tests are hard, but he offers extra credit. His tests are off of the slides. I did not use the book at all. If you need help, he will work with you. He is approachable and will help you.
5.0 : He is a very funny professor and is able to keep the class interesting. I feared this class because everyone said that the exams were hard. However that is not the case. Just go to class and you will do fine and his exams are not hard at all.
3.5 : He's hilarious.  Tests aren't even hard, if you pay attention in class.  Make sure to study the questions on Masteringbio, those hw questions are on the tests.  You don't need your textbook, it was a waste of money.  Overall, he was helpful and he makes the class interesting.
1.0 : Professor Hermoso did not even understand what he was teaching from his 100+ PowerPoints. He is disorganized and managed to lose more than one of my exams. Wildly unprofessional and goes off on tangents in an effort to be funny, which means you lose valuable lecture time. Syllabus asked for a $250 book that we never used.
1.5 : Professor Hermoso was extremely disorganized and confusing. He did not understand what he was trying to teach half of the time and sometimes would ask the students to explain what terms or ideas were because he didn't know. He just reads off of the slides that he is given and he is difficult to learn from.
5.0 : Professor Hermoso is a great instructor and a geniuniely hilarious guy. Show up, take notes based on his powerpoints, do the online homeworks (which aren't that heavy), study, and you'll get an A. The class supposedly requires a textbook, but I survived just fine on the powerpoint presentations and notes.
5.0 : Really easy class. I dreaded taking bio but it was a breeze with him. Easy online homework, don't need the textbook, and thorough powerpoints that he gets his test questions from, plus tons of bonus questions. Just show up and pay attention and you will be fine.
5.0 : He is a great teacher, made it enjoyable. Show up listen to his lectures and you will pass. His exams are over lecture material. Gives bonus points on exams. Great class and I plan on taking Bio II with him if I can
3.0 : Professor Hermoso is a bit scatterbrained, but he makes his tests generously (with easy bonus questions) and for nonmajors it is easy to get an A. I would recommend him for bio 103.
2.5 : weekly course content opened on different days throughout the course which was frustrating.  A large section of course evaluations (quizzes, tests, etc) were never opened which makes grade calculation challenging. Overall, a good course, but a flaky professor.
5.0 : A good teacher, and easy to reach. Can re-take weekly quizzes over and over, making it a fairly easy A.  Didn't really interact with him much because the course was mostly watching videos and reading the book, but very good overall.
5.0 : Great guy and super easy class. You can retake all weekly quizzes as many times as you want, and each one counts for 100 points. It got to the point where I could have gotten a zero on the final and would still have an A+.
5.0 : Camphouse is a fantastic teacher and conductor. Makes wind symphony fun but definitely on track, organized, and productive. Obviously don't skip -- but as a good musician you already know that.
5.0 : Professor Camphouse is truly an amazing conductor. He's been doing this for a long time and clearly knows how to listen and give us advice without sounding mean. I never missed a rehearsal because I loved coming to this class so much. If you can make Wind Symphony, do it.
5.0 : Large material amount, but very helpful. She encourages you to be prepared for the whole semester. Real life examples.
5.0 : Great teacher.  Don't skip class of you will fail.
5.0 : Her no screen policy can be annoying but she's a very engaging professor. She will definitely email back quick and is very helpful with confusion.
4.0 : Prof Olson is very kind and helpful. I could not possibly care less about the topic (Dante's Divine Comedy) but you can tell she is extremely passionate about all things Italian. I felt this class was a bit much, two papers, weekly discussion boards, mandatory presentation, and an in-class final. Wouldn't take again
5.0 : Has great enthusiasm for the material and conveys it in a way where they enthusiasm catches on. You will love the Divine Comedy by the time you're done. Assignments aren't too bad, a discussion post each week and three papers. If you need to fulfill a literature requirement, this is the professor to take.
5.0 : I am an Italian student here at Mason, and I enjoyed professor Olson so much. Take her, you won't regret it. She speaks a perfect Italian and replies to emails very quickly.
5.0 : A wonderful, smart, dynamic young professor who really cares for her students. Involves all students in discussions. Well prepared. Excellent choice of Italian Neorealism and post- films. Readings good. If you don't come to campus daily there's a cost to download them on your home computer, such as from Amazon Prime. MUST TAKE A CLASs WITH HER !!!!
5.0 : Even though I knew nothing about the subject matter when I started the class, she made it fascinating and genuinely made me care about it. I looked forward to her class each week; as long as you keep up with the weekly assignments and the assigned reading (fairly easy) and contribute to the class discussions you'll do fine.
3.5 : I thought that this class was pretty easy, though it does involve a lot of group work. Prof Wingfield's lectures clarified and pieced the outside readings together well. The class had a lot of assignments, but he is not too tough of a grader. If you put the work in you will get a good grade!
5.0 : Processor Wingfield is probably my favorite professor. His stories are so funny and relevant to what the topic we are learning about. He makes learning fun and interesting. He brings experts from the sustainability field into the classroom to help us learn more. I recommend him.
5.0 : He is a tough grader but gives back great feedback. He also tells some funny stories and loves putting his feet up on desks. He is a nice professor and mentions some interesting facts.
5.0 : An amazing Professor!!! Genuinely cares about students!!!
4.5 : She is a very friendly professor. The class consists of writing papers every week. She is not a hard grader and frequently extends due dates. No quizzes, tests, or text books.
5.0 : She's very lenient and gives plenty of points, but you will have a lot of homework. Make sure you do well on the literature review because they count 35% of your grade.
5.0 : most of the below comments are correct. She is really friendly, grades easy on assignments, and frequently extends due dates if students need them.  No text book, no test, no final exam. There are some in class quizzes but they are graded by participation not correctness. DON'T freak out when u see the #ofassignments, they are built on each other.
3.5 : She is nice but not very organized. The assignments often feels like she just randomly made it up as she thought of it.  No textbook, no exams, only homework and a paper.  Grades easy.  Lots of assignments.  Take it online if you can.
5.0 : She is a great professor I have ever seen at GMU. There is no homework and she is easy grader. take her class you will love it.
5.0 : Professor Hoy is one of the most amazing professors you could ever have at GMU. She is extremely helpful and very clear about the material. The class consists of writing individual papers in addition to group work. She is very fair in grading the papers. I really enjoyed her class and learned a lot from her. Show up to class and do all the work!
3.5 : While you should have some experience in writing before attempting this course in general, It is not difficult as long has you genuianly attempt to produce each stage of the large writing assignments on their due dates. There will be many assignements but, they will be graded at each stage in their developement. I recommend her class.
4.5 : A LOT of writing but pretty much a guaranteed A if you do all the work.  The TA def did not really read the essays after the first week or so and just gave random grades, so make sure you write really good essays in the beginning so she thinks you're smart. I didn't read the textbook once and got mostly 8 or 9/10 on every reading quiz.
5.0 : She's super nice and always willing to answer your questions, she truly wants her students to learn and tries hard to make the class entertaining.  Study the study guide well and you'll do great, go to class for the in class assignments and extra credit pop quizzes.  Learned a lot from her class!
1.0 : Clearly just wants you to be a robot like her. She is the only prof teaching 335/410, but if someone with actual knowledge taught then her reviews would plummet. her methods are tailored to people of her personality type. I firmly believe she is the worst neur prof an it sucks that shes the only option for required classes. I feel sad for her life
4.5 : Wow! The reviewer before me--I feel sad for your life! Dr. Brielmaier is an exceptional neuroscience professor--really gets the class to be engaged, very clear and knowledgeable, and reasonable about her expectations. Also, if you make a decent case, she *will* give you points back on an exam if you have an issue with a question. Great professor.
5.0 : I love this lady!!! I thought I would fail her online class and she was so helpful!! I went from failing my test and quizzes to getting A's and B's simply because she cared enough to help me.. She is AMAZING. i would recommend her to anyone, the class isnt easy but very doable. :-)
5.0 : If you want a teacher who cares and wants you to learn, take her. She is amazing! She is always willing to help and very patient. There is no confusion with her, but she is very strict. If you do your part, then you won't have any problem with her. I just love her! If it is hard for you to read the book, her lectures slides are all you need.
5.0 : I've been lucky to have her before for a few classes before this one, and she's always been the best. Extremely clear, nice, accessible, the material can be dense, but she makes it so doable. Her expectations are so clear. Go to class, study the slides, ace the exams, simple as that. Definitely my favorite professor at Mason.
4.5 : I've had her for PSYCH 376 and NEUR 335 and she's been amazing in class as well, although the literally constant writing and reading makes this class more difficult. Ask for help if you're not getting the readings or writing assignments. Don't fail behind, and whatever you do, do NOT procrastinate in this class! She's really helpful.
5.0 : LOVE THIS CLASS AND PROFESSOR! Everything about this class was great. Organized, well planned out class. Watch the lectures, do the quizzes and assignments, actually STUDY, and you'll get an A no doubt. I wish she was teaching another class next semester. I would love to take her again. One of the best classes I've taken at GMU hands down.
4.0 : If I had to sum up this professor in a few words, it would be tough but fair. You definitely have to work for the grade that you get, but she's very helpful and will definitely take the time to explain the more difficult parts of the course to you in her office hours (like the muscle pathways). She's a great prof, I definitely recommend.
4.0 : Her lectures are really great and in-depth. I think this topic (Brain and Behavior) is super interesting in general, and she really makes it more so! I'm not very good at paying attention in lectures, but she is engaging enough that you want to pay attention. The exams aren't easy, but they're fair tests. Take her, she's awesome.
4.5 : You get participation points so you have to come to class and actually participate. But the discussion board helps out for the shy peeps out there. Reading quizzes are easy if you read the text- only get the writing guide one(free one at the library). Papers are graded by TA. Toughish grader but follow rubric and you'll be fine. Try and you'll pass
3.0 : She is fine.  Classes are  readings from power points - memorize them, and get A in the exams. In general, her style is very acceptable. For 411, she sets and stares. The TA do all the work, but she poses as the instructor. Not super intelligent, but she pushes herself for PSYC and NEUR other than 411.
4.5 : She is really nice. Clearly knows her stuff. Text book is not necessary. However, this class is not easy. But what do you expect? It's neuroscience. She does her best to explain difficult information. Her tests are really hard but she is honest with what she expects from you. If you come to class and really study, you'll pass.
3.5 : Took her PSYC 372 (8 week online) which was ok. Do not buy the book and the MyPsych, you won't use them. The quizzes are from her power points, so are the exams. Overall, the class is doable, but I did not enjoy it very much.
5.0 : I'll start off by saying that I've taken 3 classes with Dr. B and like others have said, she is tough, but she is fair. She genuinely wants us to succeed and leave with only the essential information. The exams are valid and they come from her lectures. Do not fall behind and study her PPT like there's no tomorrow. I assure you, you will get an A!
5.0 : Dr. Brielmaier is an awesome professor! She is very clear in what she expects for everything and makes explains all the content very well. She also makes sure that the lecture content is learned by students by giving assignments each class to better understand the material.
5.0 : she is the best do the study guides listen and do not skip classes cause she has in class assignments and pop quizzes are extra crdt, i took psych 376 and neuro 335 with her and got A in both shes not easy but she makes u learn. no text book needed just read the slides and do the study guide for exams
5.0 : Dr. Brielmaier has an excellent method for teaching online classes. All the info is there from the start of the semester if you want to get ahead. There is one assignment and one quiz (open note) for each chapter. You have to use blackboard respondus/video monitoring to take the exams, but if you watch/listen to her lectures you will do great!
5.0 : The tests are basically the study guides. Memorize her power points and you are set. Don't skip all the classes since participation counts. Don't buy the book! Easy A
5.0 : Overall, really great professor. Easy going, good discussions. Lots of reading but the articles are interesting. Weekly short assignments based on reading and only two tests. Most days he lets you out early.
4.0 : Professor Dueck is an amazing lecturer. He is definitely knowledgeable and passionate about what he's talking about. He gives really great feedback and is wiling to answer any question the student has. Attendance is not mandatory and homework is assigned every week (but fairly easy as long as you do the readings). There is mid term and final.
5.0 : Professor Dueck is awesome! He let's you out of class early most days but the thing is, he uses his time very wisely and does not waste your time in any way. His instructions are very clear and the lectures are intellectually stimulating. He is one of my favorite professors of all time! He doesn't try to trick you or anything.
5.0 : Great lectures, very interesting. Let's you out of class early most days, but you get a lot done in the time you're there. Sometimes small group discussions, always has large group discussions at end. Easy weekly homework. Midterm and final. Nice professor, knowledgeable and helpful. Interesting lectures
5.0 : Professor Dueck is the best professor I've ever had. He has a wealth of knowledge, and is very passionate about the material he teaches. He respects his students opinions and loves when people participate. Took two classes with him and would recommend him to anyone.
2.0 : Experienced and smart but also intimidating, strongly opinionated, degrading and sometimes disrespectful. He doesn't care to know his students, even if you put in all your effort. Almost whole grade is made up of 2 tests. Yes, you get to leave early but I didn't feel like I learned what I needed to. Disappointed w/ the arrogant style of teaching.
5.0 : Prof Dueck is the best professor ever. Take him no matter what. you won't regret it, and it is money well spent. He is humble but knows more than most people.
5.0 : Professor Dueck he's amazing and he is easy on the eyes as well. I wouldn't say its an easy class but the professor knows what he is talking about and he will tell you all about it.
5.0 : Professor Dueck is incredible. He cares about students opinions, and is passionate about the course material. He will not let you in class if you're more that 5-10 minutes late, which is very respectable, so show up on time. He usually lets class out early and delivers amazing lectures every class. Already signed up for another one of his classes.
5.0 : Amazing, favorite professor at Mason. Really knowledgeable but open to alternative inputs. Lectures are super interesting and he gets excited about questions. In-class material is on exams, so its important to go to class but you get out early. Taken twice - he sometimes gives exam prompts (short essay) in class before exams.
4.0 : Professor Adelman is fair and clear in what he expects. There are three exams and one group projects. Sometimes he can take off points for small errors but other than that he is fair. He tells you the problems that will be on the exam so as long as you put in the work it is an easy class.
5.0 : Professor Adelman was great at teaching this course. He gives you the questions ahead of time for the exams which is nice. The group project was kind of a struggle, but that's kind of on me because my group started late. If you want extra credit you can present your group project early which is a nice option. He is a good choice for 469.
5.0 : Great prof. Assigns reading/material to study, then reviews it in class to make sure students understand it. He is clear about what you're expected to learn, clear in the way he teaches it, and clear about how he will test you (i.e., what will be on the exams). This particular class is structured for lots of discussion so come to class prepared.
4.0 : Professor Adelman is great at teaching this course. He provide questions ahead of time for the exams, but the group project is kind of tough.
4.0 : He is probably one of the nicest professors at GMU. He really cares about every single student and learns everyones names. He can be EXTREMELY PICKY so be sure to study for the midterms and to answer the questions the way he wants them to be answered.
5.0 : gives clear instructions. Seriously wants you to learn. VERY FAIR. I love this professor would take all my classes with him if I could. you seriously learn a lot from him he cares that you understands the material and gives you credit for trying. BEST SE PROFESSOR AT MASON.
4.0 : Professor was a solid choice for Dance 125, but the class was a little more work than I thought it'd be. Lots of dancing, sweat, working out which is good. Sometimes it may require you to practice the dances outside of class. Must participate and go to every class, and attend outside dance performances but no reason you shouldn't do well.
5.0 : she was so awesome. always in a good mood for class and the midterm was open book. we were allowed to miss a day of class without penalty. i recommend this teacher! easy A
5.0 : She's awesome and knows her stuff.. wish I could take this class every semester
2.0 : Kind guy but quite possible the worst prof I've had teaching wise.  Class was disorganized and HW was not at all representative of what was exampled/taught in class.  Study guides were misleading and prior knowledge was for some reason expected (in a 100 level) class. Treats the class like a high school class.  Avoid and steer clear.
5.0 : Great Professor! Made Sports History and easy class and the material was straight forward. I was worry about the short answer test but they were actually really Easy!! Just have to show up to class and take notes. 3 Test, short answer, 1 paper really easy, and 1 group presentation. Theres no way anyone gets lower then an A.
5.0 : Dr. Wiggins knows what he is doing! Go to class, listen, maybe take notes. Tests are not easy, but doable if you study. Loved going to his classes every week. He makes things understandable and relevant. I wish I could take him for more classes.
1.0 : Unless you want a professor who loves seeing a student fail and not get his degree, I recommend finding a more trustworthy professor.
5.0 : Professor Cui is brilliant, extremely knowledgeable in graphic design and a very skilled teacher. Taking this course not only helped with the subject matter but greatly helped with my overall skills as a graphic design student. Throughout the course, I found myself not only learning--but experiencing inspiration and powerful creativity.
5.0 : You NEED to read the textbook. There was a huge difference in my level of understanding once I started to read it. The class becomes much easier. Her accent can be difficult to understand at first but after 2 or 3 classes it's not a problem anymore. Really great teacher, very understanding and just a great personality to be around. She's adorable.
5.0 : It's not a hard class per se, but if you want an A you're going to have to do the work. Dr. Berkow really cares about her students, and the class is very small so she makes a point to get to know her students. The quizzes can be difficult if you don't study, but she does post all her powerpoints before each lecture!
5.0 : Great professor! Lots of cool experiences to share and she explains her power points thoroughly. The exams are definitely hard- you have to really know the material rather than memorize facts. Granted, this class wasn't too crazy- I just paid attention, did all the assignments/extra credit, and studied 2-3 days before each exam and I got an A-.
4.5 : Ms. Berkow is a wonderful teacher and cares for her students. She is willing to help you after class and makes sure you understand the material. She has interesting stories from her experience in the field. Very knowledgeable. I enjoyed her class, but found it difficult. I had to work hard for my grade. She has 3 quizzes, but are like tests-hard!
4.0 : Class was tough, but interesting. Three "quizzes" that are more like tests. A book review, magazine review, and a large group final project. Study for the tests and start the final project early and you'll have no trouble getting a B.
5.0 : Excellent professor.  She assesses the needs of her specific students, encourages participation among all students, and creates a safe and friendly environment for discussion.
5.0 : HE IS TOP!!!!!
4.0 : Professor Keith was great! We had weekly writing assignments (and weekly reading assignments, some longer than others) but her feedback was great and I had a awesome time in her class. I feel like I came out of it a more diverse writer. I thought her grading was easy but some classmates opinions differed on that. Fun class and highly recommend.
4.5 : Our grade was separated into 3 parts: participation, completion of weekly assignments, &amp; our final portfolio. We wrote 1 poem  &amp; 1 discussion post (based off of our readings) per week for our weekly assignments. Prof Keith is phenomenal &amp; just wants to see you put in effort. She is passionate &amp; kind, &amp; will make you a better writer. Loved her class
3.5 : Keith is one of the best poetry professors I've ever come across. Take her and learn. She is a great professor and wants to really develop you.
4.0 : Sally Keith is an excellent professor. She encourages you not only to be a better writer but also to find work you like and work that inspires you. Feedback is helpful, and she'll give you as much help as you ask her for. Loved her class and definitely planning on taking her again in the future. Her assignments are creative and help you grow.
5.0 : She's great! Smart, lucid and understanding, Professor Pankova is an incredible professor but you've got to show REAL INTEREST and put in the time!
5.0 : Amazing TA. Very nice and treats the classroom like a professional environment, which was good practice for the real world. I liked his style of teaching - simple and to the point. Responds to emails promptly and provides excellent and thorough replies. I lucked out when I got him as my lab TA somehow... Thanks Ryan for a great semester!
5.0 : He runs a really great Kenya program and knows everyone on the ground.  It was an overall terrific course.  Took it in 2014 but t still seems to be running as there was a 2017 program as well.
5.0 : Loved the Kenya course.  You can tell he cares about the students and what they do with the rest of their lives.  Kenya was totally awesome.  He was not the prof in this class, but part of the leadership.
5.0 : I love her! She's fun she is kind of hard but if you do your homework, participate in class, and show up every day you'll do fine. THis class is very interactive there are lots of small group and class discussions. She's a great teacher really passionate about what she teaches shes the best spanish teacher i've had
5.0 : She is a great teacher. She clear all your concerns at the beginning of every single class. She makes you think, talk, read, write, to be awake 100% of the time; she has a great sense of humor. She listens! Thank you Professor Sozzi
5.0 : She is such an awesome professor! She genuinely cares about her students and makes sure we understand the material. Do your homework and pay attention in class and you will get a good grade. We almost always went over what was going to be on the tests and quizzes. She is one of the best.
5.0 : Professor Brkic was great - she encouraged class discussion and always provided thoughtful critiques of students' work, and is in general a very kind and intelligent person. She assigns challenging reading, so be prepared to work for your grade, but it's what I expected for a graduate class.
5.0 : She is amazing and I love her so much. Wish she taught more undergrad.
5.0 : Courtney is great. She's kind, caring, and really there to help you. She's all about class discussion and letting students talk. She's understanding and willing to help when she can. I took her for a literature class and the grade was 50% Participation and 50% Final Project, but she was very lenient  on participating and the project was our choice.
4.5 : He was a great teacher that teaches a pretty simple class but feel free to be creative.
4.0 : Dr. Broyles makes class discussion very fun, and his sarcastic comments make people look like idiots, but in a likable way.. He gives interesting homework assignments and if you ask for help he will give it to you, but you have to go up to him
3.0 : Professor Jakulski has a very hands-on view of teaching in Fairfax County Public Schools. She is a countywide administrator with years of experience at the Burke School. She had a co-teacher who likewise provided real-world case studies of students and how teachers can prepare for their needs. I only wish she had a better understanding of ABA.
4.0 : Professor Jakulski was probably one of my favorite professors since I've started at Mason. Though I know now that I probably would not want to teach Special Ed, she explained about all different forms of disabilities and so much more. Though there is an expected activity to do outside class, the in-class activities are fun!
5.0 : Dr. Hinton is a wonderful professor. Occasionally she brings in cookies, crackers, and tea for students. Hinton is a very tough grader because she genuinely cares about your academic growth; she allows you to re-write to improve your grades. Would not take her more than 1 time, but she will be a professor I will go back to visit for years to come.
4.0 : I have taken Prof. Hinton twice now (Honors 122 and 240) and I can say hands down she is among the most interesting and intelligent people I have ever met. She assigns a good amount of readings every week, and expects you to write a short response and be able to discuss in class. She provides plenty of feedback on your writing, and allows rewrites.
3.0 : I don't know...my opinion is mixed. Her lectures are annoying - she speaks way too fast. She makes us study over 20 arbitrary images for each quiz but you only write about four. The short papers and final research paper are obnoxiously hard. However, she's much clearer if you see her in her office. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this class. :\
5.0 : Amazing! Learned more about Chinese culture and history from this film class than I probably would in a regular history class. Shows you incredibly rare films that don't seem to have any DVD or even VHS releases anywhere, so it's a great opportunity to see rare films. Very fair grader, lets you re-do papers for higher score. Fun and engaging class.
5.0 : Prof More is an excellent teacher! I looked forward to his classes, and am going to take another class with him next semester. He is very nice, helpful, and friendly. Most importantly, he grades fairly! You have to work in his class but he grades you appropriately if you do. He's a great lecturer. Only complaint: too many group assignments.
5.0 : It was such an easy summer class. Definitely take it. He is very respectful and caring for his students. I will take whatever class he is teaching. Easy A. :)
5.0 : Dr. A is great. He gives you clear expectations in his syllabus. The tests are pretty simple, either study the powerpoints or read the textbook. There are a couple simple assignments, one big final project, and 4 tests. Minimal effort guarantees you at least a B. I never studied and ended the class with a 100%.
4.0 : She seems nice until you try to get to know her personally then it is different story. I had to spend so much time on the projects every-week but to no avail I ever got a perfect score on the projects due to her shady grading criteria. I got a B+ cuz i had to teach myself everything. She taught the basic and never went over hard material.
5.0 : Great professor, quick responses in replying emails. Reasonable grade feedback (based on effort put in too!). Workload altogether with lab is quite a lot, but should be fun at the same time. lab txtbook is a must, and quizzes/exams are based on lecture notes.
4.0 : Assignments were easy. The lectures were good. Not at all hard.
5.0 : ONLINE. Easy course. I don't know much about the professor because I took this class online and never got a chance to meet her but I can tell you this: she responds to emails within 5 minuets (sometimes 1 min). But sometimes it takes a few hours (rarely). Overall, nice teacher, easy class. RECOMMENDATION: Take this course in the summer ONLINE.
4.0 : Mostly labproject based. Two tests taken from home, 10% of your grade each, closed booknotes (enforced with respondus lockdown browser, no webcammic needed). Lots of homework and projects. Lab book is used heavily but did fine without getting the lecture book. Got an A but I feel like I had to work for it. Responds quickly to bb forum and email.
4.0 : Dr. Wang is a robot. She will respond to an email at 5pm or 2am. Which is nice bc i get a response quick. She grades quickly, gives good feedback. Easy class, do the work you get an A. 6 part project makes most of the grade, weekly labs (need lab book), weekly quizzes, weekly lectures with fill in blank, and 2 tests (minimal effect on final grade.
5.0 : She is very straightforward and organized. This no grey area in terms of grading or homework specs. Highly recommended! I think you should take this class online if given the opportunity. It was a very stress-free and enjoyable class. I would love to take another class with her.
5.0 : Cream of the crop at Mason.  I wish they'd mandate all online professors follow a protocol regarding communicationorganization and that she creates it.  I didn't get an A+ because of easiness, but because she's well organized and actually provides feedback in enough time for a student to succeed (DO NOT take that for granted, it's very rare here!)
5.0 : I took this class as a DTP concentration. Great class to extend knowledge on HTML and CSS. Enjoyed learning JavaScript, DOM and AJAX as well. She's very knowledgeable on these subjects, and I really enjoyed her class.   Quiz every week and a semester long project (4 submissions). No exams. Very manageable.  Highly recommend.
4.0 : Easy A. Do the assignments correctly, and you will get a 100 on them. Projects are easy. Follow guidelines and you will get 100s on the projects (5 part project). Tests don't make sense. They are really hard but there's only a midterm and final, each 10%, so if you do bad, it won't hurt your grade that much. TAKE THIS CLASS ONLINE, too easy.
5.0 : Best professor ever !! take with him you will get an  A .
5.0 : Interesting class, I don't know why the other person said what they did, you will learn a lot! Rothwell is the NICEST professor ever and frequently lets you out of class very early. You will enjoy this class! Easy yet fun.
2.0 : Pretty boring, but insanely easy. Project was easy. Class was easy. Homework was easy.
5.0 : Rothwell is  very funny, clear and kind too. If you do well on his quizzes and submit assignments on time, you should get an easy A. Plus  you always get out of class 30 mins early, and there is no final in this class, but there is a  final project, it is very easy.
3.0 : Pretty interesting class - you learn a lot of useful Physics and Engineering concepts. Also Arduino was very cool! Show up to class early in the semester when all the important things are covered, but the last couple weeks are pretty useless. Only two assignments all semester and easy studying. Prof Rothwell is nice and easygoing, you'll enjoy him.
5.0 : Teaches concepts well by providing plenty of visual examples. He outlines specifically when due dates are, and will remind you frequently of it. You must come to class and take notes. Much of the work is done at home on your computer.
5.0 : LOVE THIS CLASS! Seriously entertaining and you will want to come to every class. Not sure how he doesn't have 5 stars! 1 paper, 3 exams, and assignment due every week (but they are easy and entertaining) great man! you need to take this class before completing your degree!
1.5 : Awful class, terrible professor. Always boring and has guest speakers teach more than he does. The speakers are well qualified but still not interesting. It's basically journalism 101, not a good crim class. Super unclear notes, no ppts and bad hand writing. 1 really pointless paper. 2 ridiculously hard quizzes worth a lot of the grade. Really rude
4.5 : Stay away from this professor.  Two quizzes that are short essay based on the quest speakers and reading.  One paper. and final, same format as quizzes.  STAY AWAY unless you are able to memorize every quest speaker reading and what each speaker says because that is what the quizzes and final will be.
5.0 : Amazing class. Great guest speakers you won't see anywhere else, a judge, prosecutors, police chief, reporters, crime victim. Complainers from last semester  spent whole class staring at Facebook on their laptops. Easy grader, funny guy. Absolutely take it if you need a 490 in CRIM.
5.0 : Super nice guy. Very willing to answer questions. Really liked him. Quizzes are exactly the notes he gives you. They're a little difficult, but if you study for 30 minutes or so they are very doable.
2.5 : Not a bad class, but the guy maintains a smug sense of entitlement.  He has an agenda and pushes it heavily, and didn't provide any feedback on grading. No one knew what their grade was going to be until it showed up on the transcript.  Avoid if you can, another professor teaches the same required course.
3.0 : Todd is a very sweet guy. He is very passionate about the subject matter. He's very scatterbrained and doesn't challenge you very much. If you want any sort of structure he's not your guy.
5.0 : Jose was great! He's a bit quiet but hilarious if you pay attention. He does pop quizzes, so be sure to show up! The material can be a little tricky, but he does his best to make sure that everyone understands it before moving on, and he'll explain something again if asked.
5.0 : Jose is easily the best stats professor I have taken- ever. As much as I was a good math student in undergrad (4.0 average), stats never "clicked" for me until I learned it from Jose. Class is a hard as the material is- but Jose is the best way to get that deeper understanding so that you'll always retain your "stats sense." 1000% would take again.
3.0 : Generally a good professor, however, I would have liked clear definitions, an outline of some type, etc. You have to take your notes from class, then create your own outline to make sense of it all. Plus the pop quiz grades are inflated so you won't get a clear idea of how well you are doing until after the Midterm.
5.0 : Jose is a great teacher. He does a good job of breaking down the concepts but the class is tough.
5.0 : Dr. Cortina is easily the best math teacher I have ever had- not just at Mason, but EVER. His class isn't easy, but he curves everything. You have to go to class because he gives pop quizzes. But he is so patient and takes at least two classes to explain every concept and make sure it is understood by everyone. He is funny and he actually cares.
5.0 : Dr. Cortina is an awesome professor. He is funny &amp;  genuinely wants his students to do well. He even gives a free t-shirt with a funny pun on it to the highest scorer on the midterm and final! He is very thorough in his explanation of concepts and provides plenty of examples. If you attend class and lab and do the work, passing is achievable!
2.5 : Prof. Cortina is a nice guy, but his class was super hard. The subject matter was confusing, there was no textbook, and the only thing you have to work with are his slides which don't explain a lot. You have to show up to class to know what's going on. Gives pop quizzes, the midterm, and final. If you get a good TA, though, it helps tremendously!
4.0 : Jose is an extremely good teacher, but also an extremely difficult teacher.  Although he teaches well and works to teach you A LOT of information, he does expect you to extrapolate from what he taught you when the test comes -- prepare for the nightmare questions and you got it.  Study hard, ask questions, be prepared for anything.
4.5 : My all-time favorite class. Professor Pankey tells you exactly what you need to know and do to get an A in his class. Don't take advantage of his kindness, and turn in writing pieces on-time. He cares about his class a lot, so show him equal respect. Would take him again in a heartbeat.
1.5 : Possibly the most ridiculous shenanigans I have ever seen in an academic setting. I put in 40 hours a week on this class and ignored all my other classes and responsibilities and still Lee basically made me think I was going to fail.
5.0 : This professor is arguably the best one at GMU's School of Business. Everything about this class taught me to be a more logical, more informed decision maker. I am one of the few students who already has an established professional career and everything I learned in this class gave me direct insight into my job. I'd love to audit this class.
5.0 : Ivy league teacher, but you study, work &amp; learn at Ivy League level. He gives you everything you expect from the business school that that they failed to deliver.  Slackers and those looking to curate a perfect GPA find another class; this one's for those who actually want to learn. Wish I had this class 15 years ago.
4.5 : I took this section understanding it would be a challenge and I got what I bargained for. He challenges you to connect concepts and insists on clear and precise thinking. This can be frustrating at times but also immensely rewarding when you succeed. If you have a passion for strategy and learning in general take this section but get ready to work.
5.0 : In the real world you don't get asked multiple choice questions. Dr Lee challenges you to think critically and not just take things at face value. In my opinion other classes should be taught like this. Dr Lee is fair and you can't B.S your way through his class.
4.0 : I learned a lot, but my grade suffered.
1.0 : Professor Lee is brilliant. However, intellect and the ability to teach and inspire young minds does not always correlate. We spent hours discussing a case study on aluminum cans using data from 1989. He made it clear that no one from our class would win the university case competition because he teaches material outside the curriculum. DO NOT TAKE
5.0 : Capability of teaching: Strength. Professor Lee's class focuses on unstructured analytical problem-solving skills, and it is challenging but very rewarding. It is challenging as most of us are not exposed to these skills and concepts but once you overcome that hurdle you will find it extremely beneficial. Fun fact, he was Michael Porter's student.
5.0 : This class is absolutely ridiculous, but it's the only class at Mason where I've ever actually learned something. 60% is a C, but that is nearly impossible if you are not willing to put in the effort for the class.  Beware of getting negative points on the exam and be sure to get a good group.
5.0 : Easily the hardest working professor in the school of business. Projects/exams are difficult and if you are a slacker you WILL fail. I got an A- only because I went to office hours every week and took every recommendation he gave. I honestly wish there were more profs like him, he pushes you to learn and is there to help you every step of the way.
4.0 : Toughest class you'll ever take because there's nothing like it in the school of business but incredibly rewarding if you get to pass it. Lee pushes you to learn and will help you. you just have to follow his instructions. good luck.
2.0 : You should expect to spend 40 hours a week doing group projects and barely manage to pass. This is the reason his section is the only one not full. You will learn to think like he does or fail.
2.0 : Professor Lee will give negative points for a poor response to an essay question and expects you to learn the material at a graduate level. I highly recommend not taking his class unless you want to spend all your time working on his class and attend office hours twice a week.
4.0 : Prof Lee is an extremely difficult teacher. He grades by looking for very specific answers, and he wants you to really understand how to reach those answers. In office hours, he will help lead you to the thinking required to find the answer, but will not give answers specifically. Definitely a teach a man to fish vs feed him kind of teacher.
3.5 : She was very easy to get in contact with if there was question. The only problem I had was the questions on the quizzes were very specific to the reading and are also timed. If you read thoroughly you should have an easy time.
5.0 : Very good instructor. Gives many examples that are applicable in today's world. Very amazing lectures. Very encouraging, and encourages class participation. Funny too.
4.0 : I took the class online. The weekly assignments were easy.  Just discussion questions. There was one major project that was a lot of work but I liked the class.
4.0 : Even though the midterm and the final exam are open notes open book make sure you study! The midterm was 50 questions and he only gave us 50 mins to take it, so you don't really have time to look through the book for answers. The group project was fun, but it's a lot of work so make sure you get a good group and start early.
5.0 : Professor Dutta is great! She breaks down each major project and even gives class time to work on projects. She gives great feedback and you know exactly what she expects from you. I would take her again in a heartbeat!
5.0 : She's a great professor, definitely one of the best I've had thus far. She's available to help her students whenever they need. You can tell she's a professor who wants her students to do well. Overall, wonderful professor would take her again without a doubt!
4.5 : make sure to attend every class. no textbook usage, but articles pertaining to the different topics (that are then related to the projects she has) are used. she'll do a few timed writings based on the articles as well. EASY CLASS as long as you do your work
3.0 : She was okay as a professor. Her lectures were kind of repetitive and there was a lot busy work, but overall not bad. Her class consisted of a few papers (1 - 5 pages), no midterm or final, and a few group assignments. She's pretty lenient about deadlines too. BUT, she takes forever to grade and return work.
3.0 : She is a very nice person, very kind and understanding about grades. The class overall was not very enjoyable but it didnt have any lectures or exams. You just have to work hard in the projects and you can get a good grade.
4.0 : Be prepared to do a lot of busy work. Every class you have to submit a paper by the end of class and you have to be IN CLASS to get the credit for it. So if you skip class but still complete the assignment before the period ends, you won't get credit. Otherwise very easy going and easy class in general. Go to class, do the work, and you'll be fine
4.0 : Make sure to go to class! Do all the assignments on time! You can easily get an A in this class if you put in 100% effort.
5.0 : Dutta is amazing. You will do a lot of writing in this class. I've always been a pretty good writer, so this class was a breeze. She's still good even if writing isn't your strong suit. Just make sure you do all the assignments &amp; put effort into the projects-you'll get an A. She grades fairly, sometimes I got a higher grade than expected. Take her!
5.0 : Really nice professor. Jokes a lot, they may not be that funny but light heartedness is good. Really fair in grading. Assigns homework but doesn't always check it. Really forgiving and fair during tests/quizzes. Great Guy. Helps a lot. Get him and run.
5.0 : He was a fantastic professor, he really wants his students to succeed. The textbook and going to class are important but he is entertaining and funny. If your learning Arabic for the first time or taking a more advance course he really know the material and does a fabulous good or explaining it. TEN OUT OF TEN WOULD RECOMMEND.
5.0 : Really nice guy! Pretty good at explaining concepts. He gives a lot of opportunities to improve your grade. Exam one was easy, exam two was hard. Make sure you do all the hw assignments. Professor was very helpful and I would definitely take him again.
4.0 : The professor is very good, teaches well and explains the concept very well. The class is designed by the department, so he has no control over the exams. HW are graded by TA's and the project is graded by the professor. Exams are on lock down browser, there are two midterms each 100 questions and a final over a 100 questions. Exams are difficult.
5.0 : He is a great professor! He makes this class easy to learn and he offers his help whenever you need it!
2.0 : Online class but we have group presentation on the day we take the final exam. Some of us work full time and full time school. You expect us to physically meet and go over the presentation? There are discussion board homework, weekly homework assignments where I spent at least an hour for each one of them and online quiz every week.
5.0 : This is class contains great material but it's lot of work. Professor Lam Phung is nice and he's there to help you.
5.0 : Great professor and is very chill. You need the textbook the second half of the semester for the homework. The exams are tough, study the practice tests, homework, and slides. Homework can be time-consuming but not hard if you attend class. He gives out a lot of extra credit, it raised my grade by seven point so make sure you do all of them.
5.0 : Tom is the kind of guy you remain FaceBook friends with after you graduate.
5.0 : He is awesome! Professor Pabich truly cares about his students and English. He is an easy grader but wants to know students are putting in the work so come to class. 2 essays (1,200 words and 1,800 words) a bunch of easy homework assignments which are pointless, and respond journals (short essays like 10 ) Highly recommend.
4.5 : This professor is amazing, I loved his 101 class and he was always there for feedback and open minded discussions. Hands down my favorite class, even though I had to skip due to medical issues, he was understanding and always had options to improve my grade.
5.0 : Great professor, only wants to help his students pass. We wrote a total of 3 papers, all really easy. Class is fun and he expects participation. He loves to help out and answer any questions you may have. Very helpful when it comes to feedback on papers, and lets you go to the writing center to get credit back. Write the essays &amp; you'll do great.
2.0 : Great, amazing, easy ENG 101 professor. By far the toughest ENG 302 professor. The amount of homework assignments he gives is ridiculous. When papers are due, he still stacks journal entries (mini essays) and HW assignments on top of that. "I'm right, you're wrong/stupid" type of guy. His personality on the other hand is pretty chill and funny.
4.0 : He's a laid- back professor. There are a lot of small writing assignments and several 300 word journals, but they're not too hard. If you put at least some thought and effort into the assignments you'll get 100s. Also, there were only 2 essays, one 1200 words and the other 1800.  No midterm or final.  Class was just open discussion about assigments
1.0 : By far one of the worst professors I have ever taken at mason. Does not know how to teach/does not teach. Class is just discussions. He makes you do 3-4 assignments which he doesn't grade until months later. After which you can't even contest your grades. Terrible feed back, class and professor. Total waste of time. AVOID HIM!
3.0 : By far, the most assignment filled class I ever took. At least 2-3 assignments were due EVERY single class. The worst is that he gave these assignments and short essays even during the week each major essay would be due. He WILL call on any student to answer questions EACH class and can give harsh "constructive feedback" on your work during class.
5.0 : He was great. So sweet and patient and understanding and I am very grateful for that . Two essays about our field of interest. Those were fun assignments. Awesome guy.
4.5 : He's pretty easygoing, he doesn't mind talking about off topic stuff.  The class was always over super fast. We just go over homework, which is usually daily but pretty quick and easy stuff. A lot of times I did the homework in class. We have 3 papers, and he's really helpful with the process. Def take him!
5.0 : Funny during lectures. class is mandatory for workshops. eager to help students pass.
4.5 : Really nice professor.  Gives pretty good feedback on assignments, very encouraging as well.  Cracks a joke every once in a while, which is always nice, it gets the gloom of english class out.
4.5 : Homework every class. Graded for completion so don't spend too much time on them. Expect to participate in class. Papers are long but he's usually nice when grading them. No final. Very chill teacher who doesn't care too much whether you come on time or 15 minutes late.
5.0 : Professor Pabich is a great professor. He knows his material and I learned a lot from him by taking his class. He outlines the semester on the first day of class. He assigns homework, but it's easy. He assigns three major assignments which are all essays. The first is a personal essay, second is a values argument, and the final is a research paper.
5.0 : Came into the class thinking that it'd be an easy gen ed..I was wrong! Kukuwa pushes you to do your best. Don't give her slack. She is very respectful &amp; it's impossible not to love her! The class is not hard if you listen to her &amp; although the midterm killed me, the extra credit concerts saved my grade! My favorite professor at GMU! Earned an A+!
5.0 : Most inspiring, motivational, and enthusiastic professor EVER. Her energy is amazing, and she really changed my perspective on eating healthy and staying fit. You have to work hard but her class is FUN! Sad to say she has left Mason :(:(:(
5.0 : I am not a dance person! After taking the class with professor Kukuwa, I became more confident, relaxed, and I DANCE now!!! LOVE her!!! She is amazing!!! Please take her!!! SUPER EASY A!!!
5.0 : Very responsible professor. student-oriented. His lectures are of high quality, but be prepared to work hard. He is fast but he definitely repeats main theories again and again, by the end of class, you will have a clearer picture about the field if you follow him closely.
3.0 : Good professor if you're taking this as a gen ed or just looking for an easy elective. If you're actually looking to improve your drawing skills, not so much.
5.0 : Ms. mcnair is amazing. She genuinely cares about whether or not her students know and understand the material. She is more than willing to help you during office hours or even by appointment and she gives a lot of study guides and different study tactics to help us learn the material. Definitely looking forward to taking her next class.
5.0 : It is an elective seminar on Religion and Public Policy. A lot of reading, regular participation expected, and a major research paper at the end (and two exams). Very clearly presented material, fascinating class. Professor very enthusiastic about the topic and even brought in authors of assigned books as guest speakers a couple of classes.
5.0 : I am so glad I took this course with him.  He loves teaching and it shows!  He always found a way to incorporate a funny story to help the class understand the statistical concepts that he was trying to teach.  Incredibly responsive to email.  Very unbiased in class despite having more conservative personal political leanings.  He rocks!
4.5 : Muhlhausen was very helpful and takes the time to explain concepts and how to use STATA. I hated statistics in undergrad (3 years ago), but Muhl made it relatable and understandable. Great teacher, just make sure you pay close attention in the second half of the course. Ask questions, start the final paper in advance, and don't buy STATA 13.
5.0 : Prof. Zahadat was THE best! He talks about real life situations as well as MIS material! He is helpful, eager to make his students succeed! It was because of him I decided to switch my major to ISOM. He was super helpful and even gave me suggestions to become more knowledgeable in IT. He is seriously the best prof i had so far at GMU! Take him!
1.5 : Avoid if possible. His class is (somewhat) easy. You have to work to get the grade and I dont have a problem with that. But he makes you do the most time consuming, pointless, and repetitive Access and Excel tests. Questions are nearly impossible to get the answer as well.
5.0 : Great, knowledgeable man with a beautiful heart!
4.0 : I loved this class. Go to lectures and at least skim the readings if you want an A. He records his lectures and posts them on blackboard so don't worry if you have to take a sick day, but he gives iClicker quizzes which don't hurt if you don't go but they can help your grade a lot at the end of the semester. Funny guy. Enjoyable class. Must study.
5.0 : I loved this class! Dr. Madden makes microbiology really interesting and has an entertaining style of teaching. This class is not an easy A, so if you're not interested in studying his slides, reading the textbook, and attending class, you probably won't do well. Great sense of humor, stories, and very nice looking guy. I would take him again.
5.0 : Dr Madden is very helpful and intelligent. btw, I think he is hot too :)
5.0 : I had 213 with Dr. Madden as well. I would take pretty much anything he taught. He is one of the very best professors I have ever had.  His expectations are clear, his tests are fair, and his lectures are entertaining. He is easily accessible via email and during office hours.
5.0 : I took 213 with Dr. Madden as well. I would take pretty much anything he taught. He is one of the very best professors I have ever had.  His expectations are clear, his tests are fair, and his lectures are entertaining. He is easily accessible via email and during office hours.
5.0 : He is the best: funny, exciting, interesting, and an all around great guy.
4.5 : A very quirky guy that makes a lecture about biology engaging enough for a person not to fall asleep. Very clear with his expectations and an overall cool guy. Lecture class with no additional hw. The class itself was a bit difficult (due to the test which are very specific) but with hard work to understand the material, it's manageable.
5.0 : Best professor I've had during my 4 years here. Took the class with him back in 2011 and loved every minute of it. He is the professor who inspired me to become a biology major. His exams aren't overly difficult and he is a great guy overall. Taking Bio 305 with him this semester  as an elective. Can't wait.
5.0 : Madden is one of the best human beings, let alone professor, I've come across at my time at Mason. I took BIOL213 with him and am taking Microbio with him now because he suits my learning style so much. He's hilarious, cute if you like the older kinda dorky type, and he really, REALLY knows his subject. Tests can be hard, so practice a lot!
4.5 : Madden is the most perfect Biology professor at Mason. He's adorable, humorous, intelligent, and professional. His tests can be a little difficult if you're not attending class regularly and staying on top of your work. His lectures are clear, read the book for extra help.
5.0 : He is the best. You have to study to get the grade you want. his exams are not easy at all but his lecture is very clear. he is always available if you need him to explain stuff. about grading he does curve but sill 2 points won't do much. Study hard for this class.
5.0 : He's definitely my favorite teacher this semester!  He's very approachable and will explain things to you.  He tells goofy jokes during lecture to break up the monotony.  He does expect you to learn the material but give you a practice test that lets you know exactly what you need to focus on.  You can get an A if you just put in some work.
5.0 : Madden is the best! He sets you up to do well, if you don't it's your own fault.  He's interesting, funny and helpful.  Do yourself a favor and take him for cell and micro, he's the best!
5.0 : Charles Madden is great. I personally think his exams are easy, and just require the time and effort to succeed. He drops an exam and adds up all the extra credit to an exam only if it helps you. Also gives out study guides. Yet another phenomenal teacher in GMU's biology department, I would take him again if I could.
4.0 : Madden is those teachers who will make you actually learn the material. His class is basically memorization, but I would not recommend just memorizing facts and forgetting everything after the exam. Actually learn the material and how things work because you might need it for future classes. He is really nice and drops an exam in case you mess up.
4.0 : He is a good professor who teaches well, but his exams are extremely tricky!! His answer choices confuse you up!!!!
4.5 : He is a good professor! Take this class with him! Textbook is not required, his powerpoints are good enough to study from , but reading the textbook doesn't hurt. Also, he gives optional iclicler quizzes in class, that help your grade in the end. Tests are a bit tricky, but they are doable if you study! So you gotta study!!! Go to review sessions.
5.0 : Dr. Madden is a really good professor and explains things very well. His lectures are also very engaging and actually help you in understanding the material. His exams are not easy but they aren't that hard either just look over the power point notes and the practice exam he gives out and you will be fine. I recommend taking him
3.0 : Madden gave out easy exams, but expect to do some reading. Textbooks and his slides were most helpful, but he tends to ramble in lecture.
5.0 : Lectures are easy to follow, but not mandatory. You can learn what you need to from the book.  He really knows his stuff and knows how to answer any question you throw at him. His practice exams are very helpful for the actual exams. He gives optional quizzes that can really help your grade if you need the extra points.
3.5 : He's so funny and adorable for a biology professor. You won't need textbook. I studied from the slides, and the TEST BANK for the same textbook (Get this from google or a classmate). Exams can be confusing, but the test bank REALLY HELPS! Would recommend going to the TA review sessions.
5.0 : Dr. Madden is great. He teaches with a sense of humor and has some topical anecdotes. It is helpful to take his BIOL 301 Infectious Diseases course since some material overlaps with Micro.
4.5 : He is one of the few who really cares about his students. He has a great skill in giving lecture and related to stories dealing with microbiology, I really enjoy his class to max . He makes you not to miss any of his funny jokes and stories . I will highly recommend him for microbiology classes A+ for Dr. Madden
4.5 : LOVE Dr. Madden. You will not regret taking any of his classes. He is fantastic. His tests come from his power points and he always clarifies if you don't understand. Also he tells great jokes.
5.0 : He provides his students with everything. Everything you need to know for the exam is in his pp and he also has video recordings AND practice exams. He's honestly a godsend because he makes it so that you can pass. His exams are very straightforward so if you study ahead of time, you'll get an A. His personality and humor are great too! Take him!
4.0 : Good professor, tricky exams. Provides old exams, but don't rely on them too much. A lot of memorization. iClickers every Wednesday. Curves overall grades at the end. Can drop one exam from the 5. Interesting class and posted audio of the lectures so you can catch up if you fall behind. Overall recommend but you have to work for the A.
5.0 : Dr. Madden is BY FAR the easiest Bio professor you will take at Mason. 4 tests + cumulative final but lowest test grade gets dropped so final isn't mandatory. I-clicker quiz every wednesday (for a MWF class) and is a free 100 points (the reason I got an A instead of a B) TAKE HIS CLASS FOR AN EASY(ish) A!!!!!!!
5.0 : HE'S GREAT! I LOVE HIM AND HE ROUNDS GOD BLESS YOUR SOUL DR MADDEN! YOU GOTTA WORK FOR YOUR GRADE THOUGH BUT ITS DOABLE.
4.5 : Honestly, Dr. Madden is a really amazing professor. His bio213 is extremely hard and challenging at first, but if you go to class and pay attention, you will be just fine. Trust me, take his class. It is well worth your while. He is a very intelligent and educated man, but he still manages to make his class entertaining and captivating.
5.0 : HOW TO GET AN A: Great professor. Record and listen to his lectures. STUDY!!!! Take the quizzes. He's so interesting and funny to listen to. The one thing that tripped me up was that his final does not use old questions so you actually do have to relearn old material. But he is an amazing professor. take him for all bio classes if possible.
5.0 : Charles "Mad Dog" Madden was a very fun professor to have, and also provides very informative lectures both in terms of course material and career advice.
5.0 : Amazing professor, made me love microbiology so much. Its a 300 level class so its kind of difficult as expected. Take him!
5.0 : Love love love his lecture. I can listen to him over &amp; over even though bio wasn't my favorite till this class. So lucky to be able to be in his class.
1.0 : His tests are challenging. You have to basically memorize his powerpoint slides. Gives practice exams and the test questions are similar, but confusing and can have a totally different meaning. There are 4 exams and a final. iClickers help, but don't rely too much on them. Promises a big curve, but his curve is not that big.
5.0 : Awesome lectures, funny stories, genuinely nice guy who will help you if you ask.   If you know the correct answers for the practice tests AND the reasons the wrong answers are wrong, you're golden for the real exams.  Yes, it's a lot of info to memorize, but that's how generally classes work, no? Know 90% of the material, and you'll get an A.
5.0 : I'm a non-traditional student and when I started this semester I literally hadn't taken a biology class since the 1990s - I felt so far behind in the beginning!   I averaged of about 5 hrs/week studying and aced every test. The lab and optional in-class quizzes are easy and will boost your grade if you need it. If I can get an A you can too!
5.0 : Dr Madden recorded his lectures and posted them up to blackboard which was extremely helpful when studying for exams. He gives you the option of taking the iclicker quizzes and homework. Very chill guy! Highly recommend him.
5.0 : He is the best BIOLOGY professor at mason, hands down. He is so kind and always is working to help his students understand the material. He is fun and always makes the class interesting. He also is sensible. If he knows you work hard and are in class most of the time, he usually gives you the grade you deserve. TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : I truly enjoy taking his class. I'm terrible at any subject that deals with science, but I was still able to pass this class. Also, you don't really need to the textbook to pass the class. The exam questions are based off his PowerPoints. Also, he has practice tests that really helps me with the actual exam. Take his class, you won't regret it.
5.0 : i took this as a 5 week summer course of course expected it to be very hard but not MCAT level hard! he is great teacher how ever he has extremely hard tests MCAT level he knows it and prepares you for it. i hope i'll pass.
5.0 : Volume of material to learn for a 5 week summer course was pretty rough. Tests are challenging and account for almost all of your grade - you can drop 1 exam score, but make sure you do well on Exams 1-3, because Exam 4 is the hardest.  Lectures available online so you don't have to come to class (but you'll want to because Dr. Madden is awesome!)
5.0 : Took this course in the summer, highly recommend DrMadden.   Not only is he hilarious but also he prepares students very well for the MCAT.   For the exams if you study the power points  &amp; do the practice exams then you'll be guaranteed an A (textbook is optional- attend lecture instead).   Also you get to drop 1 exam.
5.0 : Definitely recommend this prof. Coming to class is optional since he posts lecture videos online, total of 5 exams(4 lecture + 1 final) in which you get to drop your lowest. The quizzes are optional but if you do them then your grade will increase by a letter. Prepares you for the MCAT very well, also study the powerpoints instead of the textbook .
5.0 : He's great! Take him!!!
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors you'll have at Mason. He provides you with everything you need from to clear &amp; concise ppts, video lectures, and MC practice exams w answer keys (which are a godsend, so take advantage of them). To study, I would go through the practice exams and annotate all the choices for each of the questions. Passed w an A.
5.0 : Favorite Prof. ever! Dr. Madden keeps it fun, you can tell he's really passionate about biology.  I found his side stories very helpful because a lot of the names of microorganisms can mix up easily, he made all the bacteria a lot more personable and easier to remember.  He's easy to talk to and really makes you feel like you can come to him
5.0 : One of the best professors that I have ever had. His lectures are engaging, and he is very approachable. He is very funny, which helps keep your attention. The best way to study for the class is to keep going over the powerpoints. He says if it's not on the slides, it not on the test. Tip: Don't heavily rely on practice exams to study.
3.5 : he is very clear and funny. he makes jokes about bio terms to make it stick in our minds. he curves too. highly recommend. I honestly studied during exams only and got an A. study textbook ALONG with powerpoints. he gives extra credit quizes
5.0 : He's a good lecturer, funny, entertaining, with interesting stories to tell. There's not better choice for a BIO professor at Mason. But tests are very specific and can be hard, expect to do very heavy studying to get an A. Although he didn't curve for our class, so that made it harder. Apparently he curves sometimes. Overall very good.
5.0 : Professor Madden is a great professor and an easy A. Show up for class and write down notes he writes on whiteboard. Showing up is not mandatory as he posts his lecture recordings online but it is very helpful. There are only 3 exams including the final. Very easy and open book. There is also a presentation on a disease but also super easy.
4.0 : He's a great professor although his exams can get confusing. Its all multiple choice and very similar to study guides he gives you but many of the answers confuse you so know functions and what they do by heart. Does grade on curve. 12 pop quizzes done on iclicker but those are pretty straightforward. Pretty easy class if you put in the work.
4.5 : Professor Madden is just great! He's super smart and very dorky, but that's what makes his lectures enjoyable. His tests are not the easiest things in the world, but as long as you do the practice test, read the textbook, go over the powerpoints, come to class, and take the iClicker quizzes, you're golden. Would most definitely take him again!
5.0 : Dr. Madden is awesome! Lectures are so interesting and he explains complex biological processes and concepts in a clear and concise way. He's got a great sense of humor and really knows so much about biology. 4 exams, provides study guides, attendance not taken, in-class iClicker quizzes for extra credit! Put forth the effort and you'll do great!
3.5 : Professor Madden makes some of the worst jokes ever, however, he also gets a laugh because he's trying to make this class interesting (MWF 9:30 am) so he gets a bonus points in my book.  He makes sure that people understand what he's talking about and encourages questions.  He gives practice tests that are pretty close to the real thing.
5.0 : Madden is the best professor I've taken at Mason. He is nice, funny, and relaxed. His lectures are interesting and he knows his stuff.  4 tests, lowest score dropped. He gives optional quizzes that can replace a test score to help your grade. Gives accurate study guides and practice tests. Recommend 100%.
5.0 : Easy A!
3.5 : His exams are tricky, usually avg. grade on each exam is a 75 max. We are given practice exams but he changes about every question making it confusing. He is interesting in class but it's not an easy course. Everyone complains about test  difficulty. All the comments below seem super sugar coated. Other professor's exams are not as difficult
3.5 : HW and quizzes that help your grade, drops lowest exam, multiple choice. It is possible to do very well in this course, you just gotta put in the time.  The worst part is his questions get tricky: "which statements are true? I, II, III, I &amp; II, all three?" or switching around a single word. He curves a little. But he is kind and has an open office.
3.5 : Madden is a great lecturer BUT his exams are hell. The class average would always be in the C range. It's really hard to get an A+ in his exams - no matter how hard you study,
3.5 : Dr. Madden is a very engaging teacher. He posts his lectures online after class is held, one if you miss, two if you need to review. I always learned more when I attended so I recommend going. He also gives optional quizzes which can improve your grade a lot, so its better to go to class. Tests are tough, but so is the material, very in depth.
4.5 : Absolutely wonderful professor, great class to take.  He always keeps the students engaged, and it isn't boring.
5.0 : It is a 400 level course so it requires a good amount of effort &amp; studying. His exams varied from extremely easy to extremely difficult questions &amp; consist of multiple choice questions and about 5 short answers. His lectures are extremely informative. He really prepares you for the exam &amp; he also conducts review sessions. HIGHLY recommend, take him
3.5 : I am personally not a fan of biology, so this class was rough for me. Dr. Madden is a great professor- he knows his stuff, and is willing to help if needed. If you go to class, take notes on what he says, and read the book you should be golden! He gives practice tests and study guides that are also helpful. And take the optional quizzes; THEY HELP!
5.0 : He's friendly, engaging, thoughtful, and invested. He genuinely wants you to learn, and will facilitate that with posting audio lectures online (great for studying), very good powerpoints, memory tips, providing context, etc. Available by email or office hours, he genuinely cares. Fair grading system. Made the material and his lectures enjoyable!
5.0 : Maria is phenomenal. I enjoyed differential equations because of her. Her exams are easy and she is extremely helpful. I highly recommend.
5.0 : WOW! Maria is REALLY great at teaching Diffy Q, she is also extremely fair with grading and exams. Her notes show you step by step how to approach each problem. My advice is to print out her lecture notes after class and study a little bit at a time; DO NOT use the textbook, it's worthless! So many great things to say about Maria =) TAKE HER!
5.0 : Professor Emelianenko is the best math professor I have had for the past two years. Diff eq isn't an easy subject, but if you have your integration down cold, you should be fine for the semester. She doesn't curve, but she offer a lot of extra credit, so take advantage. She posts her notes, and she provides a lot of study material so use it as well
5.0 : THE BEST MATH TEACHER AT MASON! She had three exams during the semester, and she drops the lowest grade. Her tests are kinda hard, but all math classes need practice. She explains things in the simplest way possible and she will always help you need help, during office hours or in class. Would recommend her to anyone taking this class :)
5.0 : There are sooo many good things I can say about her, shes smart, kind, helpful, and always willing to adapt for the need  of her students. The grading scale was 10% participation, 20% quizzes(drops lowest 2),45%  best 2/3 midterms, and 25% final.  she has an abundance of practice materials and gives extra credit if you point out errors, TAKE HER!
5.0 : Doc Nix is obviously an amazing prof. and Green Machine is obviously an amazing class and group. My problem is with the grading, because I've gotten B's two semesters now even though I've definitely hit the attendance requirements both semesters. So make sure you stay on top of your grade and bring it up if it's wrong.
4.0 : I thought the class was very interesting and I thought he taught it well. I walked away with an A on every paper, but I know a lot of students didn't. At the same time I think that these students took his class as a joke or figured he'd be easy, .write the right way and fully explain your concepts and you should be fine. He is funny and helpful
3.0 : Likes to lecture a lot, not very creative with class organization/ activity. The class material was really repetitive, and a lot of what was said was elementary in content.  He gave 2 written exams (midterm and final) and the final was due right around the date of final - so ridiculous.  Only good thing was he was lenient on due dates.
3.0 : I think he is nice &amp; means well. I think he has a lot of work to do as a teacher. He did not use Blackboard. Only used it to post readings. He rambled his lectures &amp; scribbled on the board. Never told us what CH. we were on, no study guide, no solid topics to study off of. Its like he was teaching off the top of his head &amp; his tests were confusing!
3.0 : Expect tons of reading. Read 60 pages a class at one point. Gives pop quizzes so reading is mandatory. Class gets repetitive at times. Only types of exams he gives are essays which he grades very harshly. Put a lot of work in the class but received mediocre grade.
5.0 : Prof Lecker did his best and presented the material in a clear way. My fellow students were unprepared and acted like the simplest things were difficult. They wanted the tests handed to them and assumed they should get "A"s just for showing up. The tests were hard, but if you study you could do well.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper was the best professor I've had so far at GMU. He is smart, but he knows how to convey the information to students learning chemistry. I feel like the other professors I've had expect you to already know the information and don't know how to teach students the material. He is good at showing you step by step how to solve every problem.
3.0 : Professor Cooper is such an entertaining lecturer! For such a tedious topic, he made class bearable. Homework saves your grade in this class so DO THEM! The exams are pretty similar to the study guides, so make sure you understand all the concepts in depth that are on the study guides!! Other than that, just keep up with your work. DO NOT SLACK!
4.0 : If you are taking gen chem 1, definitely take it with Cooper and no one else. He is an awesome lecturer, who explains concepts clearly. His homework's are kinda hard, but they help with exams and understanding. Exam problems are based on lecture examples and homework problems, so understand those. He curves too at the end,, but don't rely on it.
3.5 : He explains the concepts well so go to class! The hw is very difficult and I highly recommend investing in chegg as it has the answers explained which is well worth the monthly fee. The exams are thankfully easier than the hw but you still need to know your stuff to pass them so read the text! The prof can be hard to reach outside class.
4.0 : He's a really good professor and explains the material well. If he didn't use Connect for the online homeworks, then you wouldn't really need the textbook but unfortunately he does. So you still have to buy the access code for the textbook. Attending his lectures really saves you time bc he explains everything in a way students understand.
5.0 : A stand-up guy and a very chill bro.  Wants students to succeed. If you ever have to take pchem, make sure you get Dr. Cooper.
3.0 : He tried to make the lectures interesting and went through problems during class. Seemed very willing to help his students. Try on the homework, it helps your grade. Would take him again.
4.0 : So breaking down the syllabus: Quizzes (Tophat 5%), Homework (10%), 3 Midterms (30%), Lab (25%), Final (20%). You should worry about the midterms and the lab. The others are easy since the final is based on the ACT and the national average is like 35 so you are good if you are around it. He gives a big curve in the end! I def recommend him!
2.5 : Go to tutoring Center!read textbook! I ended up learning better with the help of the tutors and text. Power points weren't helpful. Funny guy, wouldn't take him again.
5.0 : Concerned about teaching the concepts behind chemistry, not simply formulas &amp; how exactly to get you to recognize a problem then "plug &amp; chug" your way out to an answer.   Therefore you'll remember how to do it for quite some time after &amp; get more out of it.
5.0 : If you do your work, you will be fine. Don't wait until the last minute to do homework. Great class in general. I am thinking about changing to chemistry major (from biology) because I liked his class so much!
5.0 : The best professor in the chemistry department. He teaches materials very well and he also curves. This isn't mean to be an easy class, so you need to do all your work to get an A in this class. Do all homework, review his power point slides, and make sure you buy ACS book which is super helpful to get ready for the final. I highly recommended.
5.0 : LOVED Dr. Cooper. Fantastic lecturer and really willing to help out his students whether it's concerning HW submissions or understanding the concepts better. I hate chemistry, but he made it interesting.  Lovely person, great professor. Wish he taught 212. Study hard and you'll get an A. The course is curved, but don't rely on it.  Gives iclickers
4.5 : I was impressed at his ability to keep my attention in such a large class. He is competent &amp; enlightening, but you definitely have to study the material on your own time. The most important content to know is definitely any formulasconcepts you cover in LAB. Make SURE you know whats going on in lab, exams are based off of those.
5.0 : He is the best. He posts all slides on blackboard and he explains well. Highly recommended.
3.0 : He's the best and sweetest person in CHEM department in GMU. When you take CHEM212 you'll appreciate him! I got a B, and could've gotten A with harder work. Gives random iClicker quizzes (not hard if U sit next to a friend). 3 exams (study slides &amp; old tests). Online assignments (figure out the ways to finish fast and get 100%). Get ACS for final.
3.5 : Nice guy, good lecturer, but goes off in tangents. He begins slow, but when its close to exam time, he rushes, and clumps the online homework assignments really quick, and those take forever to do. I don't think I will take him again because of how rushed he made assignments feel.
5.0 : I took Dr. Cooper last semester for Gen Chem I. He is literally the best. I am taking Gen Chem II and the professors sucks! They all should be kicked out because of how they teach. He is literally the best you can take for any CHEM course he teach. Enjoy Gen Chem I with Dr. Cooper, because you gonna CRY in Gen Chem II with any professor you take.
3.5 : Chem 211 is generally a difficult course here at George Mason. Paul Cooper makes the subject matter as easy as possible. He offers help to each student, and makes homework worth 20% of your grade. The in class quizzes are worth 5% and the lab is worth 25%. The way the course is structured makes it so that you can still pass even if you fail exams.
4.0 : Dr. Cooper is easy to understand and happy to explain anything. Too bad he only teaches Gen Chem 1, and not pt 2. He curves the class, but it's not easy. Only thing is that the exams are never similar to the homework or in-text practice problems even though he helped write the book. He gives study exams, but they're all pre-made ?s found online.
5.0 : Cooper was fantastic. I've only experienced a few of the chemistry professors, but Cooper is definitely my favorite. His lectures are easy to follow. He goes through the sample problems in the book step-by-step and makes them easy to understand. Practice exams are helpful. He's a funny guy too, and the Australian accent just makes him even cooler.
5.0 : Chemistry at GMU is generally terrible, which is what makes a teacher like Cooper a rare and valuable thing. He is very good at explaining the material, and posts study guides to help pass the tests. The class is hard, but he curves 10% and gives out homework to make passing possible. If you don't take him you are making a mistake.
3.5 : He's a cool guy and makes the class as painless as possible. Things feel kinda rushed, but that's just cus theres so much material. I don't think any of the other Chem. profs are any better. HW takes forever but its easy pts and youll thank him for that later cus exams are hard! You'll see stuff on there you never saw before in class sometimes.
5.0 : You won't find any better professor for this course. His lectures are exceptionally clear and helpful so strongly pay attention on what he is saying. This professor will say he will make the class as painful as possible. But it doesn't mean it's going to be easy. It means he will be as helpful as possible and it still requires very hardworking.
5.0 : You won't find any better professor. His lectures are exceptionally clear so pay strong attention and make sure you don't skip the class. He will say he will make the class as painless as possible, but it means he will be as helpful as possible for learning. The class won't be easy so you need to put a lot of effort in order to pass.
3.5 : This class requires u to put in A LOT of effort.  With that being said, Paul Cooper is definitely the prof you want to take. I had a 9AM &amp; he managed to keep my attention. BUY THE ACS book with WORKED OUT SOL'Ns. Exams are VERY similar to it. Do the HW. Its a grade booster. Test averages were 60% but he curves at the end.
4.5 : Three online tests that you have to take in the testing center. The ACS is ALOT like his tests, so if you do well on his tests, you should do well on the ACS. You should go to class because he's really good at explaining everything and he WILL help you if you need help! Averages on tests are 50-60% but he curves :) Honestly the best chem teacher
5.0 : Coop is the man! Great explanations and always willing to break things down during or after class.  He does quizzes every class and HW every week. (You get 1/2 credit just for attempting problems - full credit if you get them right.) It's a pain, but they help pad your grade.  So sad he doesn't teach Gen Chem II or Orgo... Def take him if you can.
4.0 : Do learn smarts before you do the hw (they take forever but are easy and helpful). Study in depth of what is on his power points and do practice problems that correlates to that. Make sure you put lots of effort into chem lab too. Cuz lord knows its bad.
3.5 : If you go to lecture you won't have a problem. He works through examples exactly like the homeworks, which are then recycled for the tests. The homework is online and super helpful. It basically highlights the import parts of the text for you and then gives you concept problems. There's also math based problems which you get 3 attempts at.
5.0 : He is the exception in the Chem Dept.  What a nice guy!  Fun. Pleasant. Caring. He explains very difficult material very well.  The course material is difficult but he is not trying to make it harder on anyone. Engages the students. A real pleasure.  Too bad the other professors in the department aren't more like him.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is an excellent lecturer and is more than willing to elaborate more on something that students aren't understanding. He's really clear cut and practices problems that are similar to exam questions. His class wasn't ever boring and I feel like I left his class understanding chemistry really well (and I took it over the summer)!
4.5 : I loved his way of teaching. The way he explained the concepts was very intuitive and his strategy of using the online quizzes helped with the material for the test. I can't imagine a summer College Chemistry class going better than that.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper makes learning really difficult material manageable.  Had him for two courses.  I highly recommend him.
4.0 : Cooper is such a nice guy, and he is always very respectful towards students. He encourages you to ask questions if you do not understand something. Cooper always responds to emails quickly, and he explains to material very well.
5.0 : The material is difficult.  Dr. Cooper is a relaxed professor that clearly likes teaching.   He does a great job and is always pleasant and approachable.   Take him.
4.0 : Professor Cooper is amazing. He is so passionate about chemistry which makes it so much easier to pay attention in class. He gave us a few extra credit homework assignments that really helped my grade in the class. Whenever I had a concern he would reassure me and tell me that everything was going to be okay. I always recommend him to my friends.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is the best professor at helping you comprehend any content that I have ever had. He has a way of explaining complex concepts so that anyone can understand them. He is willing to help you in any way he can. Take classes from him any chance you get!
4.5 : Although I did not receive a high grade in his class, I highly recommend him. Very helpful if you go to his office hours. His exams are not easy, but he averaged them out at the end of the semester so that helped boost my grade a lott.
3.0 : Professor Cooper is good, but his exams are really tough. His practice exam wasn't that much tough which should give you a pretty good idea of the level of difficulty for the exam; however, his exam was very different from his practice exam. It was very tough will not help you in getting an A.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is the best professor. He teaches very well and he's very approachable. He also curves generously.
4.0 : Dr. Cooper is definitely the best Chem211 lecture teacher in the whole department. He is a great lecturer; he really knows the information and does not just read off the slides. He is great at answering the student's questions with clear, detailed answers.I definitely feel more confident about taking Chem212.
3.5 : Tests are tough just because it's chemistry.  Professor Cooper, though, he respects his students and he is very straight-forward in lecture.  He tries to  make it as easy and painless as possible.  He assigns 2 types of homework which basically make it possible to pass his class (as they come out to be worth 20%), also TopHat quizzes so show up!!
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is great at breaking down difficult material. He focuses on understanding concepts rather than memorizing formulas, which actually helped me memorize the formulas. He puts effort into making seemingly dull material more engaging. I'm looking forward to P-Chem II with him next semester.
3.0 : Dr. Cooper is an overall good professor. He stays after lecture to answer quick questions and is willing to answer any during. He gives a three-day period to take exams in and although they're challenging, they are passable. His slides are comprehensible and he does a good job working out math problems and explaining them in depth.
5.0 : P-chem is at its core a really fundamentally challenging class, and Dr. Copper does an amazing job turning it into a topic that is much easier to grasp. Dr. Copper is more concerned with understanding what is happening at a chemical level and less upon the calculus and equations. Gives two part exams first part in class and second is take home.
4.0 : Professor Cooper is an amazing professor. He teaches very well and he is the best professor in the chem department, all others are not good. Please take him. I wish he thought gen chem 2. His tests are hard, but doable if you study and do practice problems. The homework problems and in class problems should prepare you for the test. He curves too!
2.5 : Dr. Cooper is a nice guy, but you have to definitely ask for helpguidance if you need it. KEEP UP WITH THE MATERIAL. DO NOT FALL BEHIND. I had to withdraw from the class, but don't slack off from day 1, or you'll be playing catch up forever. Use the Learning Assistants to your advantage, they're better than the chemistry tutoring center.
3.5 : Dr. Cooper is a cool guy but I wouldn't recommend him as a teacher. Reads straight off of power points posted on Blackboard. Goes over few problems a class. Gives out example questions to study for test, but test questions are much more difficult. Test averages are around 60%.
3.5 : The class itself is not bad; he makes the lectures easy to understand and the homework is straightforward. What makes the class difficult are the midterm exams -the class averages are low and you're likely to be below average. The exams are multiple choice 20 questions, but the points for it matter. Take a study session for the class (BIG REGRET).
3.0 : You have to teach yourself the material.  His exams are hard.  He is better than the other professors.  His textbook is online.  (Don't take any, but especially this class, at 7:30am).
5.0 : I took him last semester and it was totally worth it. His lectures are extremely clear and he truly cares about students. Exams are difficult, but they were doable as I studied lecture slides and the textbook. All Chem212 professors were horrible as I looked into Patriot web. I wish Cooper teach General Chemistry 2 as well.
4.0 : Cooper is an awesome professor. Take him,all other chem professors suck. He does give homework, but they are a grade booster. Tests can be tricky, but they are not that hard if you do practice problems and study. He curves, but don't rely on it too much. He gives in class quizzes and they are worth 5 percent. His lectures are very clear ,so go!
2.0 : Getting an A in this class is literally impossible. The class averages for exams are around "F'', and the ACS final is terrible. In a class of around 170 students, there are very few people who are getting an A.
5.0 : Very respectful&amp;caring professor.  Encourages students to participate in class&amp;always responds to emails on time.  Exams can be difficult,but if you do the study guide&amp;read the lecture notes then you should be fine. Also for the final the ACS prep book is very helpful. Very knowledgeable prof, wish he was teaching chem 212
5.0 : Chem Department at GMU is like a coal mine where you will find a professor like cooper as a diamond - Take him!
4.0 : Chemistry is hard, but Dr. cooper will help you raise your grade as much as possible. If you do his HW, then many questions show up on his exams with just different numbers and elements. It will really boost your grade. Also, he does very big curves, so you don't have to get a single "A" on any of his exams to get an "A'' at the end of the semester
4.0 : You have to put in effort in this class. The homework is long but is a grade booster . Try to get many  right as possible. Exams are similar to practice exams and homework problems, so do those to do well on exams. Try to do maximize your performance as much as possible, so that the curve will boost your grade even more! His lectures are very clear
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is by far the best chem professor. He made P chem very easy to understand and i wish he could teach every other chem subject. As long as you show up to class and review the powerpoints you will get an A/B I recommend him 100x over.
5.0 : Dr. Cooper is hand down the best Chem professor at GMU. Utilizes Tophat textbook interface with intext questions. Greatly help in the understanding of the concepts. Go to class, print out ppt slides and take good notes when Cooper goes over sample problems and do practice exam and you should be able to get good grade. Would take him in a heartbeat
5.0 : Great guy. Very hard material, but he covers it well. He is also very easy to approach. I have taken three courses with him.
4.5 : GREAT guy, super nice, engaging, and smart. Went to his office hours and after helping me out we talked about water on the moon for a good 15 minutes. Tests are very hard (he curves though). Do ALL the homework and connect stuff it saves lives! Read the textbook go to lecture, and you should survive gen chem 1!
5.0 : Best Chem professor I have ever met. He understood the fact that most of his students did not understand chemistry and he made sure to take the time to explain each concept in detail. This is why we were a week behind on notes from other chem classes but he covered all material still. Visit him, study hard, and don't lose hope :) You'll pass
5.0 : Best chemistry professor! Just be sure to do your homework. I could have gotten an A+ if I did because I got 90's on all the exams. He does curve the final grade as well, just be sure to be above the class average (usually around high 60's low 70's). He teaches the material in terms that are easy to understand. Be sure to show up to lectures!
3.5 : Test averages are low. For exams 1-3 and final, I think they are 70, 55, 60, 50. The curve will save you're life though. You'll probably do okay in the class, even if you don't do well on the tests. I'm not sure how the rest of the class compares, but I questioned whether I would pass sometimes and got a B. Very chill teacher. Says "stuff" a lot.
4.5 : Chemistry is a hard class, but Professor Cooper really does simplify it to the best of his ability. Lectures were  really helpful.  Make sure you do all the online homework, come to class for TopHat and do great in lab. Test were difficult but if you study the concepts and do ALL the math problems you will be fine especially with the curve.
4.0 : Dr. Cooper is an amazing professor, best in the Chem. department arguably! Class content is super difficult and you really need to work hard! The final is an ACS and cost me my grade so start practicing ACS problems early on. Other than the final everything is doable. Make sure you come to class even if its not mandatory and do your homework!
5.0 : Best professor in the Civil Engineering School.
5.0 : Great Professor, you can tell he really enjoys what he teaches and is passionate about it. Homework can be long and difficult, but gives a lot of partial credit. You should really try to go to all of the lectures to better understand the material if you take him.
5.0 : Prof Urgessa is 1 of 2 professors I have ever had where I have no qualms giving  5 stars. The best parts about his class: He knows how to teach the material, his grading criteria is crystal clear, his tests are tailored to cover EXACTLY what you have gone over in lecture (don't worry, he doesn't try to trick you).
3.0 : Prof. Kurtz is a very passionate fellow. He makes the class entertaining, but it often feels like he is very anal about a lot of things. There are quite a few written assignments for the class and he grades based on structure more than he does substance. If you give somewhat of a damn in this class, you will get an easy A.
2.0 : The class is extremely easy. You'll definitely need the textbook for the midterm and final. However, I dont like the professor's teaching. I feel that sometimes he doesnt process the words that come out of his mouth. He'll make fun of you and boss you around. If you come in late and try to find a seat, He'll scream at you for not finding a seat.
2.0 : Incredibly petty, and seems to think that college students should be led by the hands through the entire course. It's as if he thought we were all still in high school; at least in the section I took most of us were upper classmen many of us graduated at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Not a theater major, took to fulfill "Arts" requirement and glad I did! Kurtz is great! Funny, helpful, enthusiastic!  He makes his expectations known from the start: a few short papers, three tests, participation score! Don't skip class because it hurts your grade after so many absences, but he makes lecture interesting and class fun!
3.5 : This class has a decent of amount of assignments but if you do them, you should get an A. Tests are also pretty easy. His grading is annoying. If you don't have the right format, he takes off points which can be annoying. Also, during the  test days, he has the stupidest procedures that the students need to follow and gets pissed if you don't!
1.0 : PLEASE READ! Now I must tell you my experience with this teacher is the REASON why I created this account. He is hands down the worst professor I have ever taken. The class work isnt hard but the way he grades it is very frustrating. To describe he's a male with an attitude of a 15 year old girl on her period. I used to like theatre but not anymore
1.5 : The class is not hard. HOWEVER, his grading system is very weird. He does not care about the content of the assignments, as long as you follow the formatting guidelines you are good. So even if you have an amazing essay, but your title is placed wrong or not italicized or bold you get points off. In addition, he is extremely rude!
3.0 : It is all about following instructions. For real, FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS, attend every class, be punctual, pay attention, and you will be fine. Ask questions, if you don't understand or email him whenever. Overall he is a good and traditional professor. Worth the take.
3.0 : When you get an assignment, make sure you read the req's to a T, Doesn't read what you write, but looks for aesthetic issues to take points off for like the font being wrong, the spacing being wrong,n arbitrary things like that which i think is a bit ridiculous. Don't miss class. After 5 absences you get 10 points off ur total grade. Tests are easy
5.0 : Had the best sense of humor! Embarrassed the kids who came in late in a funny way! He dismisses class early if you pay attention and answer all his questions. He loves Winnie the Pooh and is such a sweet sassy man! Easy (mandatory) classes: take notes in class! (he openly gives test answers), study the textbook terms, FOLLOW ALL DIRECTIONS! Easy A!
3.5 : Easy A. Just do the assignments exactly as it is in the example and you will get full points. do all of the assignments and you wont have to take the final and still end up with an A+.
5.0 : Amazing professor always makes the class fun and interesting. If you do all of the assignments and follow the instructions you will get an easy A+. Three tests ad they are very easy. He goes over  the test before the exam day. You can send the assignment before the due date and he will literally tell you what you need to do to get full points.
4.5 : Looking for an easy A+? This is the class for you! Just pay attention and follow the directions completely.
5.0 : took this class as a gen ed and absolutely LOVED it. he takes attendance  but you'll want to go to class. he's super entertaining and energetic and is so helpful. not only is it fun but an easy A if you follow directions!
5.0 : Professor Koizumi is one of the most understanding professors I've ever had. As long as you show that you're working hard, she's super forgiving about errors/emergencies affecting deadlines, etc. She provides helpful feedback and her annotated files are way more useful than the text.
5.0 : Awesome guy. Go to class. He tells you everything you need to know.
4.5 : This class is pretty hard, but Dr. Cressman does his best to explain the material.  He's open to any questions you may have and his tests evaluate how well you understand the process instead of getting the right answer 100% of the time.  That doesn't mean it's an easy A though
5.0 : Cressman is a really understanding guy. You have to give him credit,  because physics is no joke. Out of all the other professors here, he's probably the most willing to help you out. Lectures are clear, and mastering physics is terrible but it still boosts your grade in the end. As with any physics professor, you'll have to work for a decent grade
3.5 : He motivates you to do homework. Some homework problems turn out to show up on your test.
5.0 : I took the hybrid online lectures/in person recitations with him. He was always helpful during recitation and went over concepts and helped people individually. Really useful review sessions, though his tests can still be a bit difficult. The curve helps out. Super nice, super helpful, easily one of the best professors I've had here.
2.5 : Would never take again.
4.5 : This class is tough and it isn't the professors fault. It also didn't help that lectures were 50 minutes long, however, he is a good professor and is helpful and explains examples thoroughly. The book was immensely helpful. Only grades were tests, recitation, and Mastering Physics.
5.0 : Really chill. Grade is based on mastering hw, recitation, and tests. Tests progressively get harder but he curves nicely. As long as you study a decent amount, you will get an A.
4.5 : He is helpful. If you keep doing homework on masteringphysics and understand it, all of the tests will be a piece of cake. However, there is a lot of homework that you have to take it seriously every week. That is part of your score that you should not lose it. The exams are easier than online homework. He grades it on a curve.
1.0 : too many online HW, you have to self-teach so GET the book, recitation is waste of time, attendance is not mandatory but iclick, teach concepts and test on exercises - which aren't even close to HW
5.0 : Great professor! His class is challenging but if you practice the problems he gives you and look over previous exams you should be fine.
3.5 : Dr. K  is awesome... the things you learn in her class will follow you throughout your life. DEFINITELY worth taking. Easy A. Don't get the textbook (that was my mistake).
5.0 : She is an amazing professor who engages everyone in the class; I have never felt more interested in a class due to the professor's teaching skills. Her tests were online, so pretty easy, and she is accessible through email and even cell phone! 100% recommended!
1.5 : Nice person, hard grader and does not teach or explain anything just shows a couple of videos and expects that you will remember them for the final exam. She grades the papers very harshly and takes off a lot of points for grammar and punctuation.  Did not enjoy the class at all
4.0 : She helps you A LOT with doing well in the assignments. Gives great feedback but makes you work for the A. The semester project is broken down into parts &amp; then you turn in the whole thing at the end. Don't take the assignments easy; not the type of class to slack off a whole lot, do it and you'll regret it. Expects participation and attendance.
4.5 : I LOVE DIANA. It's a 3 hour long class but TRUST ME, it goes by really fast. She's probably the most down to earth professor I've ever had. She is not only funny but very knowledgable. You will learn a lot in this class. No one really skips because she covers so many materials in one class, but seriously, why skip?! Her class was a lot of fun.
5.0 : Fantastic Professor! Very easy class and super interesting! Even though this was a 7:20-10:00 class, I didn't dread it at all. There weren't any tests (just midterm and final) and a couple assignments that were all easy A's.  She's really nice and a really easy teacher! Take her! She's amazing.
5.0 : Dr. K is amazing, She does not teach like any other professor. Instead of boring slides, she shows you many websites for examples. No test, just the final. Weekly 2 page journals are due before class. No text book or readings. She makes Men's Health very interesting. I can't wait to take her for human sexuality.
5.0 : Professor Karcmarczyk is by far the best professor I've ever had. She has a clear passion for teaching and is very educated on health. Her class was very easy, she doesn't require that you speak up in class, and her class was a safe space for any questions/comments that students had. I plan to take many more classes with her!
5.0 : Professor K is one of the best professors at Mason! Her lectures are engaging and she has a great sense of humor. Her projects and papers are all related to the information learned in class. She is understanding if you come late to class and is accessible outside of class. She is well knowledgeable about the material and makes class enjoyable!
5.0 : I LOVE Dr. K. She is an entertaining teacher, class goes by quickly, she shows video clips, uses power points, and has the class break up into groups. She loves what she does, and she wants to help her students grow. The finals are open-book and online at home. Go to class, listen to the lectures, do the assignments, and you will get an A.
4.5 : So funny, makes the class interesting and fun, but attendance is mandatory and there is already not a lot of points in that class, so if you do decide to skip class, you need to get A's on the midterm and final, which are the only tests she gives and both are online. She always gives extra credit, if you need an elective, take this class and her!
4.0 : Attendance is graded, but Dr. K is engaging and understanding. You can tell she's passionate about health education. Exams are open book and online. There's a textbook but she also posts textbook slides so don't buy if you don't want to. Discussion in small groups is nice. Very clear about everything.
5.0 : Easy class in general. You can't skip as she takes daily attendance and at 2 points a piece. Tests were super easy, but super time consuming. They're both blackboard tests and some of the questions might take some time to find the answer.  Overall, great teacher, she was very respectful and made the class a comfortable place to learn about sex.
5.0 : Dr. K is one of the best professors I've ever had. Every class is different and you can tell she puts a lot of effort into her lesson plans. It's never just her lecturing at us. She gives great feedback and is accessible in office hours and email. Definitely take her, I can't wait to take her again!
5.0 : This class was really easy. She posted powerpoints on blackboard so attendance was not necessary. Her exams were straight from the powerpoints and MasteringBiology hw.
1.0 : Gives differing direction for paper on syllabus, rubric, and in person; then is rude'loses' emails when clarity is sought-The trip was poorly organized leaving meal times hours late and overcooked-'Class' centered around vacation brochures, not academic research-Note the disparity in ratings, very high or  low, state precisely how she runs class.
1.0 : This class was disorganized and poorly conducted. As I marine and freshwater biology major I have seen Patterson a decent amount and she ALWAYS has a bad attitude. She generally has hardly any idea what she is talking about and is not very helpful.
4.5 : This class was very easy. Exams were from powerpoints. No need to attend class, just study the powerpoints and show up for exams.
4.0 : Go to class! Exams come from lectures and reading the book won't cut it. Entertaining lectures - lots of video clips and examples more so than just text. This professor won't be teaching next year.
5.0 : Professor Patterson is an awesome professor who has studied in the field and is quick to share her experiences with you and make learning seem more personable and real-world like. I would definitely take her again for any class offered, because the course work wasn't too bad and the feedback she gave made it easy to understand and fix.
5.0 : Professor Patterson was one of the best professor's I had, hands down. You can tell that she is SO passionate about marine biology and is truly an inspiration! I have learned so much from her class and if I could, I would take the class over and over again!!!
5.0 : Great study abroad marine science course in paradise (Belize)! Prof P's passion for the marine sciences is quite apparent and translates into a wonderful educational experience. She is a fair but tough grader, and provides constructive criticism for all assignments and praise when appropriate. Take this course for a unique educational experience.
5.0 : The professor was always available for assistance and created an amazing experience for her students. If you did the work then you got the grade you deserved. Would definitely take again
5.0 : What can I say. She is AMAZING! I have learned so much from this class! Professor Patterson really knows her stuff. Her grading criteria is pretty clear as is her syllabus. Show up to class and you'll do just fine!
5.0 : Ms. Patterson is an excellent professor and prepares her students for REAL world application through thorough lectures and an expectation for quality work. Shes always available for post lecture questions and office hours. Her recommendations landed me into two successful internships as well as my career in env sci. Belize was beyond amazing w her
5.0 : Prof. Patterson is a past professor of mine but she is also now a great mentor and a supportive friend. . Her lectures are interesting and her speaking style is very engaging. The thing that makes her stand out is her dedication to her students. She has helped me with reference and still has my back when I need help, over a year later. She rules!
4.5 : She's an excellent professor who really's knows her field of study. She knew her way around the country and the reefs and was able to assist  the students, myself included, in learning how to identify the organisms living on the reef. This was a fantastic course and it was facilitated by a fantastic teacher.
4.0 : This course was well outside my major, and I enjoyed it so much, I changed what I chose to study. It was an incredible trip, and Katheryn showed us the best the country has to offer. The final paper was tough, but the knowledge gained was worth the effort. Only issue was that I had to change some sections of the paper due to confusion over criteria
5.0 : I've had the pleasure of having this professor for two courses and she is one of the best professors I have had at GMU, hands down. Her passion for marine life is undeniable and she has so much to offer in her lectures. She was extremely helpful during office hours as well!! She is so full of LIFE which is lacking in so many professors these days!
5.0 : She is an incredible professor, very passionate and knowledgeable! She's not an easy grader, but if you care and put the effort in you can get an A in any of her classes.  She doesn't purposefully make it hard, but just wants you to get the most out of the class.  She wants everyone to do well! Get to know her, she has great stories and advice!
5.0 : Prof. Patterson is an amazing teacher! I have had her two times in my undergraduate career and both times I felt that she went above and beyond to meet my needs as a student. She was a great professor to have for my study abroad program in Belize (Bio 440), and always made sure to make her lectures and learning experiences both fun and educational.
5.0 : I learned a lot about different marine life in this class and Prof. Patterson was always there to answer any student's questions. Even though it was a large lecture she as able to connect with her students and make the lectures interesting and attention worthy. I only wish the class wasn't split between two professors and she could teach it all!
5.0 : She only tests you on what is covered in class. She  announces the "pop quizzes" in the previous class, so you can be prepared.  If you need any help on anything, she  is very willing. She can sometimes be too honest, but she really does care about her students.
5.0 : Professor Katheryn Patterson was hands down one of the best educators I've ever learned from. Lectures were very informative. Class objectives were crystal clear. She is fair. She is smart. She is fun. Lots of group activities.   I learned so much in such a short period of time. She really gets the best out of every student!
5.0 : Loved this class! Katheryn is passionate and so knowledgable about her field of study, always has excellent and in depth answers, lots of field and first-hand experience. Great lectures covering basics and specifics. Do attend lectures and read slides - tests are straightforward. Read the syllabus before asking questions about the course.
4.0 : She is a good professor, kind of average though. Her lectures are a little boring, she cracks a joke every once in a while. She's very clear with her lectures and is willing to help. It's just a dull and dry class.
5.0 : Patterson has really good lectures and she sometimes gives hints about what will be on the test in class. If you skip lectures, definitely read the book and look at the powerpoints and you'll be fine. Just by doing the MasteringBiology homework will be really helpful too! She makes the class fun and the material isn't too hard. definitely take her!
3.5 : Eh, she is okay. Her lectures are fine, just kinda boring sometimes. Tests are sorta tough but if you put the work in and study, you'll do fine. She always tells you what to expect so it was pretty fair. I would recommend studying her lecture slides, most test questions came from them.
4.0 : She has been one of my favorite professors so far! She's pretty funny, although her lectures are a bit boring. Her power points are also VERY well made, I barely needed my text book. She's VERY helpful during her teaching hours, clarified so much for me.
3.0 : She has great lectures and she keeps it interesting by using good examples and using her super sarcasticquirky personality (you either like it or you don't). However, for a non-major class her material was REALLY intense. Exams cover 5-6 chapters in FULL detail - they're not easy. you'll learn a lot but it's time consuming...
4.0 : Interesting, fun lectures. She posts all PowerPoints online. All homework is online and due at the end of the semester. 2 midterm exams in class. Final exam was take-home and online. Never needed help from her, but she seemed extremely accommodating. Very straight-forward personality. She's hilarious and awesome. She knows her biology.
3.5 : Professor Patterson is not hard, her class is not hard and her lectures are not boring..... BUT they are not easy either. You really have to pay attention and stay on track with the Mastering Biology HW's (usually all do at the end of the semester); but if you want to pass her test, keep up with the chapters in MB. She wont be teaching next year.
5.0 : I AM GOING TO MISS THIS PROFESSOR! Most inspirational speaker ever, If I was not pre med, she made me want to PHD in biology. Lectures are fun and relatable, she always had ways to make the info stick in our heads. Also very caring for her students, she understood about our busy lives and made accommodations. Want to pass the exams, just do hmwk!
4.0 : She was so funny and understanding of non-majors.  Wish she wasn't leaving so I could take her for bio 104!
5.0 : Dr. Ainsworth is a wonderful, passionate and devoted professor! She is very educated and gives awesome teaching ideas to use with your students with special needs. She really believes in her students and you can see it through the way she delivers lectures and in videos she shares of her former students. :) You will learn a lot from her!
5.0 : Topic: Cuban missile crisis. Knows a lot about it, won a Pulitzer prize for a book he wrote on it and served in the Navy during the crisis. Class is challenging because its 499 and he knows a lot about it so you won't be able to BS any details. Nice teacher, keeps you on track and gives good advice.
5.0 : She is extremely helpful and has a lot of good commentary that helps with ideas for the projects. I had never used any adobe software before this class and I finished knowing more than most even though it was an intro class.
5.0 : If you want to learn about design this is the class to take. Try not to miss class. She teaches every day. Everything is explained clearly and she puts postings on black board after every class, what is due, what she taught, etc... do the work and you get a good grade and learn so much...
3.5 : Really enjoyed taking this class, gave good feedback but her instructions for assignments were sometimes unclear. She puts all homework assignments on blackboard ,if you forget what you need to do it's really helpful. She is there to help you, she gives lots of positive feedback but criticism as well so you can get better. Do work and you'll pass!
5.0 : Negar was awesome. She did get just a little irritated at times, but it wasn't ever personal. She gives really good career advice if you want to be in the Graphic Design field. She also said we could contact her in the future for advice on interviews and portfolios, which is really nice.
4.5 : Eyman is very awkward but he's a good professor. Not an easy A but isn't hard. Do your work and you'll pass.
4.0 : Prof Eyman designs this class so that you can easily get an A if you put in the work. 2 papers, 1 group project, and weekly readings. There is a good amount of reading but it doesn't take much time. Go to class and participate and do your work and you'll do well
4.0 : You either do the work or you don't. If you complete the work, show up to class, and participate in discussion, you'll get an A. If you do only 1 of 3 things, probably a B. If you do none of those things, probably a C or D. He's an incredible person; he knows his rhetoric. He could be less egotistical, but he truly wants you to succeed. No exams!
4.5 : Good class. Good Professor. Expect to read. You can get through this class with less effort but this is a good class to put effort into. Eyman chooses good, but sometimes difficult readings. Pick a good group early.
5.0 : Definitely one of my favorite professors. He is very easy-going and knows what he is talking about. There were not many formal assignments in the class. There are a lot of readings, but you learn something from all of them. 10/10 would recommend this professor!
5.0 : Easy A!
4.5 : I took Finance with Dr. Daniels, expecting it to be a horrible math class. She was very helpful, clear, upbeat, and made an early morning class fun. Definitely go to class, read the books and be prepared to do homework.
2.5 : Tests are way too hard and she knows it, she almost seems happy to announce the class average was a D+
5.0 : She is so nice and is willing to explain anything that you didn't understand.I really enjoyed the moot court exercise and how it was in place of a final exam. She takes attendance, so make sure you show up. Exams aren't too bad. She gives you a study guide, so as long as you use that to study, you'll do great. One bonus exam to replace lowest grade
5.0 : She was such a wonderful professor and she was crystal clear when teaching the material and what she expects of you. I really enjoyed her. It's also very obvious she puts a lot of effort in making the class fun and interesting. Tests are fairly easy and straightforward also. Highly recommend.
4.5 : Dr. Merola definitely knows what she is talking about and is also aware that this may not be everyone's favorite class. 4 tests but you drop the lowest one. Project at the end of the course but follow the directions she gives you and it's an easy A. She posts powerpoints online but come to class if you want to fill them in with info for the test.
4.0 : Pretty good professor overall, but my only complaint is how slow she is to return grades.  Scantrons aren't that hard to run through the machine, but it takes her weeks to return exam grades.
4.0 : Prof Merola is great! Shes very knowledgeable about the topics, and lectures in a way where it sticks and its easier to remember. I learned so much in this class thanks to her. Also, you do a court exercise as the final exam, which was pretty cool. Would definitely take her again!
3.5 : She is a great prof, the first test is a bit hard because you dont know what to expect, you have to know how to apply what you learn to on the tests. After the first test you get the hang of what shes looking for. Also drops the lowest test score. You do a moot court assignment was a lot fun.
5.0 : Prof. Ritchie is brilliant and caring! His class will change how you see the world and yourself. He's a great guy.
3.0 : Dr. Ritchie is an okay professor. He is a well of knowledge on social work, but does not interact well with students. Specifically, he treats graduate students as freshman. His voice is very soft and it is often difficult to hear the lecture. Does not use BlackBoard, wants all parers in hard copy. Not a tough grader.
3.5 : I really love Professor Lin.  Insanely knowledgable and passionate! Classes were discussion based and her essays (while at first intimidating) really help you appreciate Shakespeare, and if nothing else language and performance. I would definitely take her again, she makes class interesting and values student insight.
4.0 : LOTS of writing.  When she says max 750 words per week, she means at least 700 words per week in addition to four smaller papers, group project, and end of the year paper.  She is understanding and kind, but not a pushover.  Do the work and learn plenty.
4.5 : Online classes are generally very reading oriented, so it's no surprise that you have to actually read the textbook if you want to pass. There is one paper and two exams. Discussion posts and responses are fairly easy. Also you get grades back in a timely manner. You definitely have to do work in this class to get a passing grade.
3.5 : Easy A if you show up for just about every class. It's a theater class so obviously you have to show up and work in groups as well as working solo pieces in front of your classmates. Book is a must, homework is assigned from there. Lecter is a sweet woman that hates lateness and absences. Very patient and kind, though.
4.0 : Mary teaches children and it shows in how she treats her students. If you want to learn how to get up on stage! Have fun! and Be Yourself! take her class, if you want some actual instruction on acting, take Ed's. An easy A but frustratingly juvenile.
4.0 : She is fun and sincere. Gives good feedback. Very good exercise and relaxing system. Love her class.
5.0 : Professor Lechter is the best! She is so understanding when her students are late to turn something in, or have some sort of trouble. I'll genuinely miss her and the class next semester. The class was fun and a bit intimidating because I never performed before, but the atmosphere is so inviting and nonjudgmental. I'd take another class with her
5.0 : Mary is extremely nice, as long as you care about what she has to say, is respectful, and is on time for class. As long as you have that, you will really enjoy this class. It is a lot of fun, and Mary is always willing to help out when it comes to due dates and resubmissions of assignments. Lots of outside work on character development.
5.0 : The key to succeeding in this class is complete your assignments on time (although she is undeservingly gracious), and participate in class; peak up in discussions and volunter! I wish I could take this class every day for the rest of my life. Professor Lechter is a one-in-a-million teacher and person. This is the best class I have ever taken.
5.0 : Wonderful professor who is smart and kind. There is writing involved answering questions from the assigned text and your own experience. Keeping up with the course work assignments is mandatory. Considerate and insightful, down to earth, good sense of humor. Be on time for class!  She's the professor you'd like to have over for a dinner party.
5.0 : Mary is honestly the best professor I've had during my time at GMU so far. She was always so willing to help her students succeed, and all of the feedback she gave helped the students grow as actors. If I could take this class for the rest of my life, I definitely would!
5.0 : She's tough but sweet overall. Great woman, very inspiring. She is very blunt and real with her students, does not sugar coat things. She can be hard to get used to at first (she's very loud and pretends to be strict to gain your respect), however as the semester goes on everyone really learns to love her. I'd take it again. Highly recommend her!!
5.0 : I took this course not expecting to really enjoy it, but Dr. Palubinskas really piqued my interest in the subject.  There was a LOT of reading involved, but it was all really informative and enjoyable.  This is not a course for someone who does not like to read.  I would definitely take one of her courses again, I really enjoyed her style!
5.0 : William Ellis is an amazing professor. His lectures are very good. He makes the class interesting. He also has a good sense of humor. He responds to emails very quickly. Overall, he is one of the best professors I have ever had. Do take him if you get a chance.
5.0 : Attendance is optional but I would recommend that you go. He shows you better ways to work through problems than what is in the textbook and does a much better job explaining it as well. The material is very difficult in some areas but he is always availables for questions (2 am). He is enthusiastic about mathteaching. The best professor I've had.
4.0 : Prof. Ellis is an energetic and enthusiastic instructor. He really enjoys the subject matter he's covering and is a good entertainer. Save your questions for email, though, because class is a footrace to cover all the material; the forest is often mistook for the trees.
4.5 : Professor Ellis expects a lot from his students and it shows. The exams are long and hard, but mirrors the homework so its pretty fair. The exams gauge how well you understand the material not just rote memorization so he has open book/notes. He's very responsive and helpful so reach out if you need assistance.
5.0 : Professor Ellis is fascinated by Mathematics! His brilliance and enthusiasm will invigorate your mathematical cognition &amp; you will learn FAST! His lectures are mostly used as time to go over homework and new content. Material in this class is rough at times, but he makes it easier to learn it. He is hands down the best professor I've had at Mason!
4.0 : Professor Rubenstein is one of the best professors Mason has. He is incredibly knowledgable and willing to engage students in dialogue about all kinds of issues. Be ready to read, discuss, and back up your points.
5.0 : All time best professor in my life
5.0 : I encourage every conflict analysis and resolution student to take at least one class with Professor Rubenstein. He is a living and breathing encyclopedia of conflict theories and practice and no amount of books and travel will expose you to the level of education you can get just by listening to him talk about his practical experience. TAKE HIM
4.0 : This professor is absolutely respected in the field of conflict resolution, and if you excel in his class he will hook you up. He is very knowledgeable--his lectures sometimes lack planning, and he will not use powerpoint. He is easy to contact outside of class, and is always willing to meet and talk. Recitation component of the class is awesome.
4.0 : Dr. Carey is a great guy. He let me transfer straight into advanced Latin as a freshman and was really patient with getting me up to speed on his own teaching methods. He's very kind, funny, engaging, and knowledgeable about his subject. He's a malpractice lawyer by day and only teaches adjunct, so you know he loves the subjects. Definitely take.
4.0 : Carey is so knowledgeable about Latin grammar and history and law! He loves grammar and focuses on the importance of nailing the grammar so you can really understand what the Latin is saying. However, he is kind and respectful to all his students, and will go way out of his way to help you to succeed. If you work hard, he will help you.
5.0 : Prof Carey is the BEST. I love Latin to begin with, but he's so passionate that it makes you love it more. There's translation hw and a quiz every class, so participation is suggested but not mandatory. He tells you what's gonna be on the exams and the format never changes. His classes were my favorite. Hilarious and accessible through email.
5.0 : I've had Professor Carey every single semester of school to fulfill my Latin minor. If anyone is passionate about Latin and prepared to translate every week you will love Professor Carey and his class. Do not take this class for a language requirement. If you make it to the upper level Latins, you will enjoy the easy A and fun (but long) classes.
5.0 : Prof. Carey is the best! His classes are fun and engaging. Translate the chapters before class and you'll be fine. He says exactly what's going to be on the tests. Vocal/syntax quiz every class, but super easy. He's super passionate about Latin and it's obvious in the way he teaches.
3.0 : Mr. Carey is funny and nice and obviously loves Latin. Gives a quiz every class, 4 exams during the semester. If you like Latin and you're taking because you like it, you'll be fine. He literally says not to take it for a language requirement because it's a lot of work (like 2 hours a day). Be on top of your stuff and you'll be fine.
1.0 : Give pop quizzes and they are just first 5 min of the class.  His tests are tough, lot of material from no where. When you want to see your exam after he graded, he tried to avoid you. This guys wont give credit when you receive unfair grade. instead of fix your grade and admit that was his foul, he made up excuses and wont give you back the grade
5.0 : Dr Jabbari is an excellent professor. He is well respected in the telecom industry and understands digital communication and networking protocols really well. A great professor to teach ECE462 as it is a technical elective focusing on communications. There are a couple of projects, but they are actually pretty cool and really teach you something.
5.0 : The class isn't too hard. Take notes in class and you'll be fine for quizzes/tests. Projects are all doable. Overall Dr. Jabbari is a entertaining professor, he's still very active in his field so every now and then you hear about the latest telecommunication news and his involvement. His lectures are pretty straightforward too.
4.0 : He is very nice and helpful when you ask for help. His tests were hard. Some of the problems were from homework and his lectures. If you go to class regularly, you'll be fine.
4.0 : He's got (mostly) interesting lectures and likes to show how the material is practical. Reading the book isn't necessary but the homework is from there. A lot of extra material is taught that isn't on the tests, but if you do well on the quizzes you'll be ok. The projects weren't explained all that well, but were much easier than expected.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable proffesor. He would spend a large time explaining the subject and will answer any questions you may have. Takes notes, go to class, and this course willl be easy for you. I failed his first exam but thats because I did not give it my all. On his second exam I took it seriously and studied hard and it was an easy A for me.
5.0 : The professor is passionate about the course material. He expects good performance from the students as it is a senior course. Projects are part of the homework grading balance. For the exams, the lecture notes from his website are partial of what you need. You also need taking notes from class. That material is crucial.  Hope it helps.
5.0 : Dr. Jabbari is one of the best proffesors I have taken in all my undergrad years. The material of the class is like a  collage of all electrical computer engineering classes with addition of real life situations. The class is intresting and Dr. Jabbari knows his materials. I recommend taking the class with him.
4.0 : Great professor. Tells you what is EXACTLY on the tests. Follows the textbook. If you write a lot for the group essays (essays in general) she'll give you a good grade. Attendance is taken. Fun class. Put in effort &amp; you'll get atleast a B
3.0 : Overall, Professor Bennett is very professional, clear, and respectful of students. He taught the lab portion of the class, and he is an extremely tough grader. He also crams a lot of information into one lab session-- and expects you to be proficient with that information. Intense lab, but I learned a lot more than I expected.
5.0 : Good guy with good sense of humor. Tries to make a dry subject entertaining. I enjoyed the class. Attendance is mandatory. No book needed. Take him, definitely recommend.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I ever had. Very intelligent, to the point, respectful and crystal clear. She is one of those people you would like to know better at a personal level, very inspirational. Without a doubt she is there to help the students
4.0 : Amazing teacher. I  am just taking this class after a long time and the way she comes to class and jokes around making us understand everything is great. This is one of the few classes that I attend happily
2.5 : She can be a bit confusing but stick it out its worth it because she does help and is very understanding. Missed a lot of classes because of the snow days but she still managed to get us caught up for the final exam.
3.0 : Dr Quintana is kind to students, but the course is disorganized. Prof consistently showed up late, and homework had little to do with what was being taught in class. Prof often brought copy of exam to class before test day to tell students what they should know (rather than teaching the material). Learned little.
4.5 : Loved her class. She has no exams, but there are two major group projects. The homework is lengthy, but its nothing hard. I plan on taking her for another two classes.
5.0 : An online course with a lot of homework. Be prepared to check-in 3-4 times a week. Online text book, or expensive physical textbook. Prof. Locked is the only teacher I have had that has made a engaging online course. This is done through a rigid and organized schedule. The class fun, but be prepared to work for it, it is not a slack online class
5.0 : Professor Lockard was somehow able to make an online class interesting, which is a challenging thing to do. The online textbook is expensive, but you do use it. Check in at least 3-4 times a week. This is a very easy class as long as you do the work.
5.0 : Very funny professor. He graduated from UChicago, which is the best economics PhD program in the world. This definitely adds credibility to his skills.
2.5 : She suffers from the typical English teacher complaints. Graded assignments often lose what seems like arbitrary points. THE WORKLOAD is large. Feels more like the AP ENg class that stressed you out. You're going to average a graded assignment per day. They will take you an hour minimum. Her labyrinth, or blackboard, is a pain. She's helpful, sorta
5.0 : This professor is one of the best at GMU. She gives advice on your writing, and brings up some really interesting topics. The conferences were super helpful, she even helped me with non-class related writing. Do not take this class if you want to slack off. Try your best and she'll work with you. I would love to take another one of her classes.
5.0 : . She gives an abundance of examples for each of the coding topics and would answer your questions, along with an example. Class attendance is not really mandatory if you have coding experience, or understand the lectures slides she posts. But participation and attendance is about 3% of your grade. Overall, easy class.
5.0 : By far the best CS 112 professor. She knows the material is very difficult and tries her best to make sure every student understands the material. She really cares about the students, and is always willing to answer questions. The class in general is VERY hard, so don't expect to get an A.
3.5 : If you pay attention in lecture, you barely even need the book. Be prepared for a lot of homework and projects.
4.0 : Fairly laid back professor. Generally a power point slide reading kind of professor. Had a few in class exercises that are graded and they do help prepare you for her exams (midterm and final). However, the exam can be fairly brutal as it is a hard class in itself. Seeking her help outside of class is more beneficial than asking during class.
5.0 : Professor Zhong is great. Cs 112 itself is a hard course for someone who's never coded before, but she makes it easier to learn and understand the material. Take her!
5.0 : Came into this class with absolutely no programming experience. However, she's very understanding and will go the extra mile for us newbies. The projects are very doable but give yourself sufficient time (6-10 hours). Thoroughly read the textbook and go to every class. By the end, you'll completely understand and you'll thrive in the final exam.
4.0 : The class was very straightforward. If you read the online textbooks, you'll be fine. If you don't understand the textbook, the lectures help you understand it more. Sometimes, the lectures feel boring because its the same as the textbook which is fine. The only thing that's somewhat difficult are the projects, but they're time consuming, not hard.
5.0 : She is very caring for those who have never programmed before so its sometimes a bit too slow, but she is happy and patient when you have questions.
4.5 : Give little time for the last project(toughest one).
1.5 : Not recommended if you haven't taken programming before. Not helpful at all. Especially if she runs out of time in office hours. Horrible experience.
4.0 : Professor Zhong is an excellent professor. She understands that most people taking CS 112 are newcomers to programming and goes out of her way to make sure everybody understands each concept. Very helpful, very kind, and actually pretty funny. Class has a lot of work, but that's on the CS department, not her. Go to the lectures, it helps a lot.
4.0 : Simply put, her lectures are very dry and sometimes they're hard to follow. As long as you do your best to start early on your work, you'll easily get A's on all of the assignments. Despite all of this, she's still a pretty solid professor because she isn't completely sadistic with her students, so she's worth having.
5.0 : Professor Zhong is the best CS 112 professor you can take. She is very compassionate and really cares about the students and how they feel. Her class is hard and her projects are impossible, but she will do her best to help you out. I really recommend her.
4.5 : Zhong is an excellent professor, passionate and knowledgeable. She is always willing to help students out. The lectures are not interesting as everything can be learned on the online textbook but she gives helpful tips in class. EXPECT LOTS OF PROJECTS. Large learning curve at beginning and end of course. Start homework early or you wont finish.
5.0 : Dr. Zhong is very understanding for those who have no prior programming experience (me). Just do not procrastinate on the projects because they take hours. The lectures can be pretty boring, but if you do the readings, you'll be fine. She's a very fair grader and there are lots of extra credit opportunities on the projects.
3.0 : Professor Zhong is a good professor for an intro CS class. Her lectures are a little boring but tests, projects, etc. are very fair. I had two midterms and a final. She did curve test 2 which helped me out. Plenty of chances to get points and end with a good grade.
4.0 : She's the best thing that has happened to CS 112. I've had that class before but I didn't remember squat cause of (unimportant). Readings help with the material. Projects had a good learning curve. Her accent makes it a little difficult to understand her sometimes (sit in front) however she's a very sweet person and knows what to do.
5.0 : Exams can be difficult, but she provides lots of examples on her slides and is more than willing to answer any questions during or after class. One of the most friendly professors at mason, would take again!
4.0 : Python is a relatively easy language. And professor Zhong makes it even easier. Coding can be frustrating at times. But she makes sure that you understand whats going on. The projects REALLY help in uunderstanding the material better. Lots of extra credit. Love her
4.0 : Lectures are clear. Her accent isn't bad at all. Lots of projects and lab assignments in coding. Testsquizzes require quite a bit of studying.
3.5 : If you don't have prior coding experience, get ready to expect hell. This course is extremely difficult to those who have no logic-base thinking  Her lectures are quite boring, but she does explain the basics of it. The grading policy was a bit confusing at first. I had a hard time understanding what she says because of her accent.
3.5 : One of the most useful courses you'll ever take in your undergraduate career... Though expect the course to be very demanding with projects, lab exercises, textbook readings and HW, and tough, vague exams. That said, remember to work on HW and projects in advance!
5.0 : Requires some time commitment and practice to master the material if you have never programmed before. She is really nice and is very helpful if you ask a question. Protip: Start on the projects as early as possible because they can be time-consuming. Attendance is about 2% of your grade. Overall great class for intro to programming.
3.5 : The professor wasn't the best.  Her lectures were long and boring,  I ended up just doing the readings to learn instead.  There were a lot of lab exercises and tough projects.  It takes a lot of work but it was worth it.  You learn a lot about coding from this class.
5.0 : Professor Doyle is laid back. He has given this class multiple times and is very comfortable speaking to the whole room- expect puns, he has a wonderful sense of humor that will help keep you on topic during lectures. He knows his material and he will tell you what's important and what's details.  Pay attention to examples and homework.
1.0 : Would not take this professor again. Lectures felt like a waste of time, didn't cover material substantially enough. Found myself teaching myself from the book. HW's were not carefully graded, little feedback, and (similar to exams) were out of left field sometimes. Charismatic, shares industry stories, and is a good for networking but poor teacher
1.0 : Gives no feedback at all so do not expect to know what you did wrong. Assigns homework and test questions that he never went over.
5.0 : Best Engineering Professor at GMU.  He is very respectful and fair to all students.  Take the class.
5.0 : Best teacher ever!
5.0 : She is so relatable and uses her personal stories and experiences to teach us about interpersonal comm. Such a wonderful professor, basically like a mother to the class! Love the order of the lectures. It is from the beginning till the end stages of a relationship. Prof Nicotera even brought us chocolate when we were talking about breakups!
4.5 : That review that said, "what textbook?" is hilarious! The reviewer can't even write a sentence coherently.  It's a hard class and it's a lot of work. It's online so you have to keep up. But the professor emails back immediately when you have a problem. She offered to meet or talk on the phone. This class prepared me for upper level classes.
2.0 : I took her online class for COMM 200 and she gives a quiz everyday, all of which consist of maybe 5-8 questions, so if you get one wrong its  a B-. She doesn't give many extra credit opportunities so if you don't do well on the quizzes, you basically don't get a good grade in the class. I highly recommend taking this class at school, not online.
1.5 : I'm taking now online class with Dr. Nicotera it is the hardest one I have ever get. Every thin is a lot , homework, quiz, and reading materials.
5.0 : As long as you read the textbook and read/listen to the lectures (she provides a "notes" version of the lectures with the words she says written out), you can do well on the quizzes. You'll have to write 2 1-2 page papers, and 1 4-6 page final paper. Totally worth taking online!
4.5 : I took COMM-200 online this summer and I was impressed by the high level of logical organization, clear expectations, and quality of instruction. To answer your question, YES, you must actually read the textbook AND listen to the lectures to do well on quizzes. But the material is WELL explained and Dr. Nicotera is very accessible.
1.0 : Professor Nicotera is one of the toughest graders I have ever encountered in my whole life. Her tests are extremely difficult, lengthy, and also timed. Questions are text heavy and perplexed. My advice is to find another teacher, even if you have to wait a semester. If you are taking one class a semester and want to be OVERLY challenged, Enjoy!
5.0 : The best geography professor I have ever had. I loved him not only because his classes were engaging but also because he responded to emails within the hour! It was incredible. Definitions are a must though, he loves definitions.
5.0 : I have encounter a professor who is prepared and honest. If he foes know an answer to question, he is straight up with you and will let you know what he finds out in the next class. Your ideal Professor
5.0 : Amazing professor-sometimes can be a little hard to understand with her accent but teaches the material with such ease.  Always willing to stop and answer questions or provide examples.  Students can get extra help with her outside class hours. Flexible and dependable!
5.0 : I took this class, it's one the best and unique of its kind
4.5 : Great
5.0 : Amazing teacher!! She is always there to help and she is very knowledgable! She sends out really helpful study guides that really help! There are 5 small tests but if you just come to class and listen and talk, it's fine. A lot of this class is just stating your opinions and easy research.
5.0 : She is quick to respond to e-mails, she takes the time to read every assignment and give feedback, and posts grades quickly. Being gorgeous is just a bonus!
5.0 : Wonderful teacher, very caring and respectful of students.
5.0 : She is a really good teacher! She is very nice and open to talk to. Class is long because it is a 6 credit course, but she definitely keeps the class busy. Expect a lot of homework, but it definitely gets better. The tests are long and tedious, but they aren't too bad if you just pay attention in class. She is very straightforward and very nice!
3.0 : Shes really kind and goofy. However, at times she didn't understand the questions we would ask in class and would answer them quickly and move on. My class was only 50 minutes so she was always in a rush. Her tests are not hard at all, but the VHL homework adds up. Missing class will definitely leave you lost in the next class as it is fast-paced
4.0 : Eden is a great teacher! Very nice and the lectures are interesting. The workload is fair, not a stressful class.
5.0 : Eden is a great professor. The course was easy for me but, many others were challenged by the material. The powerpoints and reviews were straightforward. The class was one of the most low stress I have taken.
4.5 : Dr. Jerome was a very nice professor, and very sweet. Though the class content was pretty difficult, but the course helped me in understanding about different communication tools used for children with disabilities. There are a bunch of papers to write, as well as big projects to complete, just saying.
5.0 : Dr. Jerome is a wonderful professor, who is dedicated to teach and inspire. She's so sweet and comforting to discuss to about any questions or concerns. She's very educated and you will learn a lot from her! She's great and super funny! The course does require a lot of work, so manage your time:) If you have the opportunity take a class with her!
4.5 : Prof. Rodriguez is an awesome teacher! Provided us with a lot of useful tips for projects and gave a lot of real world applicable advice. Reasonable amount of projects  (4) and they weren't too hard but you really have to work. If you need help she will definitely help you, responds to email and gives extensions if you show you are really trying.
4.5 : This was my 2nd class with Jessica and found her to be truly inspiring. Definitely points out areas of your design that need work and does so in a constructive way so that you understand WHY you are making changes. Pretty strict about attendance and deadlines, but will work with you if you are putting in the effort. Work hard and you will be ok.
3.5 : TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN! One of the easiest and most understanding professors I have ever had. Study guides are word for word what is on the test and he curves. Group project is annoying but he grades incredibly leniently. Gives quizzes at the beginning of class but drops the 5 lowest. I got an A+ with minimal effort.
1.0 : Class isnt hard but the professor is extremely harsh at grading and rude! I worked hard all semester and he wouldnt give me 1.3 points for an A! Take someone that more respectful and caring. He doesnt care for his students. Extremely old and boring, you cant hear him when he lectures.
4.0 : Dr. Buehl is very passionate about what she teaches. Class discussion takes up pretty much all of class time and hardly ever lets out early. She will get particular when grading assignments and took a very long time to get grades back to students. She is a very nice, approachable person, though.
5.0 : Best professor I've had so far. Goes out of her way to interact with the class and help students out. Fantastic teacher and very interesting class. Perfect for arts credit
5.0 : I LOVE HER!!!!
5.0 : Best professor I had at Mason! Clearly passionate about what she teaches and encourages students to explore more critical ways of thinking.
5.0 : Got an A-. I did all the work and only missed 1 class the entire semester. I was surprised that 1 class was held against me. That means you can't miss any class if you want an A. But I don't blame Ralph for that bc I'm pretty sure he doesn't put the grades in.  He's absolutely amazing and it was great learning from him. I recommend this class.
4.0 : She was great in class, tests were just papers written the night before, and she was a great grader. Our final paper was written within groups with an easy outline. Our final didnt exist and she gave everyone an A on it. Class would start late and end early. Loves people who participate and loves personal stories.
5.0 : She was very nice and laid back. One week class over break, only met on Monday to go over assignments and Friday to turn them in. Some readings, but not necessary to read. Only had to do 8 writing prompts, no specific requirements, mostly just had to interpret questions and write what you wanted to answer them. Overall very easy to pass.
4.0 : Took in summer,  watched 4 movies and grades were 3 papers and participation
2.0 : She was not very clear about what she expected on her assignments and she told the class she was too busy for office hours.
5.0 : Probably my favorite teacher of George Mason University. She mixes in personal stories along with interesting movies to help the class understand the material.  Assignments instructions can be a little confusing at times but just ask her for clarity she'll help! I love that she speaks her mind, but if you get offended easily then don't take her.
2.0 : Virtually impossible to contact outside of office hours or class. She goes off on a lot of tangents about her kids and friends, but she was pretty nice. Just think that the material didn't flow. Definitely bring a laptop to "take notes" on for the 3 hours, pointless lecture.
1.0 : Pamela Garner did not assign clear grading criteria.  Her classes are easy, but if you are not a great writer do not take her.  She seems to have some personal issues. It Is hard to explain one day she seems happy and other days she seems to have a hard time to get out of bed.
5.0 : Awesome professor. I've had her twice in the past two semesters and she is so laid back but an inspiration. She is caring and is passionate about her job.
5.0 : I highly recommend taking this course with Professor Tucker! The course material is interesting and her lectures and stimulating and comical. If you show up to class, participate, and do the assignments you are going to do well.
5.0 : This is an easy class. If you do all homework and revise them before submitting by deadline, you will definitely get an A.
5.0 : Best professor!! So funny and inspirational. Easy A
5.0 : If you don't take a class with Tucker you shouldn't be allowed to graduate. Come to class, take notes, participate and do assignments and you will get an A! She doesn't make class hard and has so much passion for teaching and communication. There are very few comm. professors that are amazing, and she is a gem. GMU should be lucky to have her!
5.0 : YOU HAVE TO TAKE HER! Professor Tucker is an EXCELLENT teacher with a spontaneous sense of humor! She is also able to relate to her students very well and tells very funny stories! Her class activities are super-fun and help us become better group members. I really learned a lot from this class. An excellent, wonderful teacher overall! :)
5.0 : She is fantastic!! She is absolutely hilarious and really loves what she does. She makes the class interesting and although we didn't use the textbook a lot, we incorporated a lot of textbook concepts in a class setting. I give her 3 thumbs up-- definitely take her if you get the chance!
5.0 : She's so great and understanding, nice, and funny. Great professor. SO SWEET LOVED HER TAKE HER CLASS
5.0 : Awesome professor and kind of cute too. Funny and enjoyable; like most professors should be
5.0 : Hands down best professor in the COMM dept. She is young, but knows what she is doing! Assignments are clear and easy (2 mini papers, online chapter quizzes, research article paper, midterm&amp;final.) She makes class fun and interesting and also approachable! The papers are an easy write and as are the quizzes! You will not be disappointed!
5.0 : She is the most wonderful professor I've had at GMU. Funny, energetic, understanding and explains things well. Do your work with some type of effort and you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : Best professor in Mason! You have to give up any class only to take her! she is easy, funny, and helpful.
5.0 : My favorite professor at GMU. She makes Comm 300 interesting and easy to pass. I would def take her class again. She is super respectful and its really hard not to get an A in her class.
5.0 : A very kind, genuine and funny professor. The class was very interesting and there were only a few assignments and papers, only two tests. The lectures are uploaded online and while the book is required, I did not read every single chapter and I did fine; textbook is used for assignments/papers though.
5.0 : Professor Tucker is absolutely amazing. She brought us snacks for our final exam day, she is so lenient and understanding of her students. Most importantly  she makes comm easy. I DO NOT LIKE SPEECHES. DO NOT. Professor Tucker made this class so much more enjoyable and easier for me. She isnt tough on grading the speeches either.
5.0 : Megan is hands down the best Comm professor I have ever had. She is funny and engaging in class. Two exams, two in class essays, three out of class essays, and small assignments along the way. She is a professor I would take over and over again. Very well liked and respected. Take 300 with her!!
5.0 : Her class was the first class I had on Monday morning, and she made getting out of bed worth it. She's funny and genuinely wants you to succeed. I learned a lot, in part because she took the complicated language of rhetorical theory into words we could understand with examples we could relate to. Take her for COMM300 and any other class you can.
5.0 : Tucker is hilarious. She supplements all of her lectures with great media examples and is so laid back. She's great at answering questions, always accessible through email, and a really fair grader. Her class is interesting and all of her notes are posted online. We had a take home midterm as well.
5.0 : Tucker is an amazing teacher and person! The class is well structured and enjoyable. Her lectures are complimented with awesome cat pictures and hilarious life stories that apply to the material being discussed. She is a fair grader and cares about the students.
5.0 : She's an amazing teacher and is very knowledgable on the subject. She's really funny and her PowerPoint are really easy to follow and understand and so is she. You need to take notes in class, and follow along in the text book because otherwise you won't do well. Her exam is based off the textbook, her lectures, and her PowerPoints.
5.0 : Willett is a great teacher! She's very helpful and she is really there for you. She is very sweet when it comes to giving presentations. She makes sure you feel comfortable and I can say I feel better about public speaking now. I would recommend taking her over any other teacher. Just come to class and do well on presentations and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Best. COMM. Professor. Ever.
3.0 : She's makes you feel comfortable and really helps to improve public speaking. Not much lecturing, mostly group activities. She's really friendly and funny. Not a tough grader. Definitely would recommend her.
5.0 : Best communications teacher you can EVER take. highly highly recommend.
5.0 : Amazing!! Loved her! So helpful and grades easy for the class. She is understanding that public speaking is difficult. Do the weekly quizzes and practice your speech and you will pass easily. Show up to class as you get points most classes for classwork and that adds up. I highly recommend her and would take her again for any comm class! TAKE HER!!
4.5 : Great teacher, very down-to-earth and personable. Easy grader overall. She's not in control of the class format or assignments (which are all dictated by the department, not by the individual professor), but will do her best to work with you if you ask for help. No extra credit, but again that's department policy and you shouldn't need it anyway.
4.5 : Professor Willett is very young, excited, and sarcastic. She makes the students feel comfortable when speaking because she reminds us that public speaking isn't too big of a deal, and this helped me get through the class. Lots of homework but its very easy, two speeches (one alone and one group), and one exam!
3.0 : Dr. Willet is a young, laid-back teacher. She connects with her students and makes you feel comfortable giving presentations. Class is extremely easy, but there is a homework assignment almost every night that she does not discuss in class, so it can be hard to keep up. Also doesn't teach much in class about things that are on exams.
5.0 : Fair grader, kind professor. Very humourous. Appreciates improvisation when giving speeches. Frequent online quizzes. Final exam not too difficult. Do all of your work on time, study for the final, show up to class every time (you don't even need to pay attention), and do the quizzes. You will get an A.
5.0 : So far he's the best professor I've had at Mason. ACC332 isn't easy at all, but if you follow his path, you will get an A in this class. He gave us practice problems which were hard, but at the same time they helped us to understand the concept thoroughly.He's also very nice and tried to reach out to his students.
5.0 : Best accounting professor in GMU. The only professor in SOM who still handwrite lectures on whiteboard. ACCT 332 is about calculation and problem solving. Not like other "professor" who read aloud poor-made powerpoint slides, professor Gray write down everything u need to understand the material.  The takeaway also includes the proverb he puts up.
4.5 : Best accounting professor at GMU. I took Gray for 311, 331, and 332 and probably only passed because of him.  Super flexible-if you need a homework reopened he will do it.  Explains well and gives you handouts and practice tests taken from prior exams.  He's also a very generous grader.  He'll do as many practice problems as you want.
5.0 : so good at modeling good teaching practices, always engaging, warm speaker, easy grader, don't slack off or you won't learn though
5.0 : He is an awesome professor. I like the way he teach and encourage students.
5.0 : First time he taught CS 367, and Dr. Rangwala was exceptional. There are many in class activities - and he teaches the concepts well. Tests are quite difficult but he allowed cheat sheet on them. Ended up curving midterm 2 and final (?). Definitely have to work for the A - take him if you want to learn. One of my favorite professors in undergrad.
5.0 : Rangwala is one of the best professors in the CS department.  He really enjoys when students engage and actively participate.  I went to every lecture and aced the class because he is easy to listen to and makes the material understandable.  He does say to read the book, but I never touched it.
3.0 : His first time teaching CS367, maybe that's why he gave ridiculous time estimates; he said the first assignment should only take 10 minutes, not! it took like 4 to 5 hours. The final is comprehensive, his suggestion: there is 12 days to the final read the entire book again. I will say that he is passionate, tries hard to engage with students.
3.0 : Rangwala cares about his students and keeps them engaged but he's strict with very high expectations. Its a fast-paced class and he expects you to keep up every lecture. Exam, project and homework material are difficult and demanding so set aside a lot of time for them. Midterms and the final are very tough and you barely get enough time to finish.
5.0 : He's enthusiastic and good professor!
4.0 : Good class
5.0 : Kindest professor I have ever had. Neuroscience was by far the hardest material I have ever had to learn and I would ask questions every other slide and he never seemed annoyed but would happily explain everything in detail with a smile. He is so patient and kind hearted that I am not even mad that I got a C..I mean its neuroscience.
3.0 : He's really sweet, but his powerpoints aren't particularly informative and he speaks really quickly.  I found it difficult to follow his lectures
4.0 : Your grade is just 4 exams but he drops one of them. Tests were really easy and his grading scale makes it hard for you to fail. Really nice guy and interesting lecturer. Go to class and take notes on the slides and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Craig is a delightful human being and an excellent teacher. He does whatever he can for his students.
1.0 : Avoid at all costs. Nice personality but horrible teacher. He just doesn't care to do anything that might help his students learn. You're on your own in this class and have to self teach yourself. I can't believe GMU is letting this professor get away with his methods. He is not worth your money look elsewhere.
5.0 : I'm really confused about the hate for McDonald here. He's an extremely nice guy and never got frustrated if we didn't grasp the concept immediately. He will not spoonfeed you, but was always willing to help. Exam material is highly specific but not tricky. Lectures are helpful as he highlights important points for the tests. He's a great guy.
3.5 : Prof. McDonald is very nice, soft-spoken, and will help you if you make the effort to ask for it. His lectures can drone on occasionally as he reads directly from his slides without much expansion and he appears a bit nervous. Tests are from the powerpoints but still challenging, study! Grading scale for the course is VERY reasonable.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor. The material is not hard at all if you have some background in neuroscience (I thought it was actually pretty easy, but I am a Neuroscience major). Tests come from the power points and lecture. Extra credit opportunities. I didn't even take the final exam, I had an A by then so yes, LOVED this class.
4.0 : Professor McDonald was by far one of the best professors I've taken at Mason. Although some concepts are hard to grasp at first, he has no problem with going into detail in order to make the student understand. His grading scale is direct, clear, and very fair. Would absolutely take him again.
3.0 : He's a nice guy, understanding. Grade is comprised of only 4 tests, with lowest grade dropped. The tests themselves are very hard. No study guides or reviews, so be prepared to do a lot of reading and note taking. Gives only 2 points of extra credit for reviewing 2 different articles. He sometimes gets confused and says the wrong thing, so read.
4.5 : Kind and fair, he wants you to do well and takes his exams from his powerpoints and lecture. The textbook is helpful in fleshing out ideas that seemed confusing in class. If you skip class, you won't comprehend the concepts enough to do well on the tests, and some of the test questions are quite detailed and t/f. An altogether interesting subject!
5.0 : Go to the lecture he emphasizes topics he is going to put on the exams, which is all the grades. I would also read the chapters to get more information and I think it helped. Interesting course, I would recommend taking it. If you have questions he is good about going over a topic again. Just take good notes and read the chapters.
5.0 : Professor Fletcher is THE best. He is a very quiet, laid back and easy going kind of guy. He loves to have long and thoughtful conversations during class, so if you like to get involved and share ideas than he is the man for you. His grading was fair - if you put in the time and showed up to have him review your papers you surely got an A. Worth it
4.0 : Professor Fletcher is AWESOME! Now, the man can T-A-L-K and at times it can be boring but he is so kind and understanding, if his lectures weren't boring at times he would be perfect! He knows his stuff and can break anything down. I STRONGLY recommend taking his class he will start the semester as a teacher and end it as a friend.
5.0 : I took his Summer class on 5/22/17-6/24/17. Wonderful teacher. Discussion assignments very easy. NO TEST/QUIZZES, only two papers to write if you take it over the Summer. I was very lost,but he explained over and over. He is nice, friendly and he helps his students so much. Gives you a chance to do one of your papers for a better grade.  100% Must!
5.0 : This is THE kindest, most understanding professor that I have ever had! He makes sure that he explains things so that everyone understands what is expected, has a GREAT sense of humor and NEVER makes you feel stupid for asking questions. I wish I could take him for every class because he is absolutely a one in a MILLION professor!!! LOVE this man!
5.0 : Professor Fletcher is awesome! He is probably the kindest teacher I've ever had. He truly and genuinely cares about his students. Do the assigned homework assignments (easy stuff!), show up for class (you're paying for it, might as well do it), participate, and follow his recommendations and it's an easy A! I wish every professor was like him!
5.0 : It was my first time taking a 300 level English class which of course, ensued a lot of writing (the kind to which I'm not used to). Professor Fletcher dissolved all my anxiety as he's always doing his best to clarify lectures and any materials on the writing assignment. The best part is that he makes himself accessible to his students.
5.0 : Professor Fletcher is an excellent teacher. He is caring and is willing to review your papers so you can get a better grade. I highly recommend Professor Fletcher if you are planning to take ENG 302.
5.0 : This man seriously shows interest for his students. There is plenty to read but it makes his class discussions interesting and you'll learn how the formatting of your papers go. He is very willing to help his students make sure they understand the material. He sits and reviews your final paper with you so you can fix any errors.  Great professor!
5.0 : Easy A! You have discussions,quizzes, and random short assignments. Have to read the textbook thoroughly for the quizzes. Overall easy and some interesting topics
5.0 : I took this class online. She is extremely clear in her grading criteria, due dates, and expectations. She responds quickly by email. If you do the work on time, the class is an easy A. I for sure reccomend her!! Awesome Professor!
5.0 : Class is very straightforward. Grading is clear and assignments are not too hard. Regular discussion boards, quizzes, and tests, which are reflective of material. Need to study a little bit, but overall workload isn't bad at all. Very responsive to email. Posts grades and assignments in a timely manner. Allows to "work ahead" a little. A+ prof!
5.0 : I took GCH 205 and everything was super clear. If you do the homework assignments and read the textbook, you'll be fine. The exams are mostly based on the book, so GET THE BOOK. She's incredibly fair if you put in the effort, and I would recommend her for this course.
4.5 : Prof Fleming is great. Her course is very organized and well put together. I took her online, and basically all it consisted of was textbook reading, discussion boards, watching videos, assignments, and quizzes/tests. None of them were very difficult. I feel like I would have learned more with an in-person class, but i still learned a lot anyways.
4.0 : Would give feedback on assignments to be nit-picky just so students wouldn't get full credit. Make sure you use high quality sources (mostly scientific journals). There were lots of assignments, but none of them were particularly "difficult". I learned a lot, but most of it is 'you take what you put into it'
5.0 : Dr. Fleming is one of my favorite professors in the GCH department. She is funny, attentive, and really cares about the success of her students. Just do what you're supposed to (read, do assignments, and study) and you will pass her class no problem.
1.0 : Long, heavy, and boring lecture. Too strict on grading (especially grammar). Not recommending her for someone who is not comfortable with public speaking or an expert in writting
3.0 : Super easy BORING lectures but requires you write a book for homework assignments.
5.0 : Dr. Fleming is a positive, enthusiastic professor. You get the grade you earn in her class. She does not allow you to have her slides, so go to class and ensure you take notes.
5.0 : A great, well organized professor. Highly recommend! There are many short assignments and discussions. As long as you put effort in completing your work and submit them on time, it's an easy A.
5.0 : Took GCH 205 online to fulfill global requirement and recommended. Assignments and discussions every week but they are always easy. Total of 4 exams which are kind of difficult without studying but manageable. Professor Lila is helpful and will respond whenever you ask questions through email or blackboard.
5.0 : Real cool professor.  Clear syllabus  and the HW prepared us for the exams.  She is also very lenient, which is a blessing when you're taking 5-6 classes.  Just do your work, study, and you'll be awarded.  Great professor!!!!!
5.0 : The amount of work is okay - either discussion board on an assignment, some additional videos/readings, a quiz/exam due weekly. Dr. Fleming's easy grader too, as long as you put effort into what you wrote (really just paragraphs), she will give you full credits. But some questions on tests can be tricky and hard such as asking for number/statistics
5.0 : Dr. Fleming's course was extremely well organized, and all of the material was easily accessible.  It will be a lot of reading, but I found it all to be interesting.  The questions on her quizzes and exams are mostly textbook based, so if you read the book and pay attention, you'll be fine. She's easily accessible electronically, which was great.
5.0 : She's great! Her class isn't technically mandatory but she has it set up in a way that if you don't come to class you'll miss important information. She's pretty caring and understanding so just show up and put in work and you'll pass. You really only need the book for the midterm and final because the exams are harder without them.
5.0 : I took Professor Fleming for both GCH 335 and GCH 380, she is possibly one of the best professors I have ever had at Mason and I am a senior. She is incredibly knowledgable on the material and really wants the students to grasp the information. She gives extra credit opportunities and the exams were online. Take her if you have the chance!!!
5.0 : She's great! As long as you follow her guideline you would get an A. Textbook is a MUST! Four tests, 9 quizzes. Without textbook, u wouldn't be able to do quizzes and tests.  She gave us extra credit in the end. Two things are due every week (assignment or discussion and quiz). Drop only 1 quiz and 1 assignment.
4.0 : He's a great, caring, and very accommodating professor. There is a lot of reading for the course, from the textbooks, news brief, to the reaction papers. He always brought it real-life examples to the lecture, which was neat.
5.0 : This professor is great! Prepare to work a lot though, I had a news brief, 7 reaction papers (he drops the 2 worst grades) and a final paper that he makes  us do through the semester. The lecture are really interested especially because he is taking real cases and real life example. I highly recommended!
4.5 : He is a great professor, so dedicated to undergraduate research and scholarship.  Passionate about his fields and explained things clearly.  Spent a lot of time for advising each project. Learned how to do science projects and communicate effectively. He throws so many things that are useful in this course.
4.0 : Dr. Ahn is a very quirky proffesor who you will develop a relationship with as a class. He cares about his students and wants them to do well, but he does assign a large amount of homework. Nothing you will do will be that difficult but it will be time consuming, but at the same time strangely rewarding. Overall good experience.
5.0 : Dr. Ahn is really passionate and inspiring. He is very smart and likes to have engaging discussions in the class. You must do all the readings!
5.0 : Dr. Ahn is a great teacher and is interesting to listen to. His class is full of discussions, presentations, and readings. This class contained many readings and presentations on the readings, and while there was a decent amount of work, it wasn't overwhelming. Dr Ahn is easy going and not up tight, I would take Dr. Ahn again.
3.0 : I'm lucky that I took French to the AP level in high school, otherwise this class would've been tough. She has a thick accent that may be hard to understand (especially when she tries to explain things). She also tends to give instructions in rapid French without remembering we're in a class of beginners. She has a good sense of humor, though.
1.5 : Comes off as rude and isn't very clear with certain assignments. She rarely refers to assignments that are posted on Blackboard so it's extremely frustrating when it comes to your grade. Said an extremely rude comment referring to a student who was presenting during my class period. Disorganized, uninformative, do not take her.
5.0 : I absolutely LOVED a semester with Professor Vinti. She is fabulous. She did a wonderful job explaining the material. Attendance DOES matter in this class and if you do not come you certainly will fall behind. It moves at a fast past. Highly recommend her for Italian! You will use the textbook ALOT.
4.5 : Great professor! She makes an effort to make sure her students understand the material given.  Very understanding, clear with her teaching, and willing to work with you as well!
3.0 : REALLY intense Italian beginners class... I highly suggest you study far in advance of this class to take this class. It is very difficult.  Memorize, memorize, memorize. She gets annoyed if you don't know the material.  Although, she is fairly nice, but she makes you do a ton of group dialogue which sometimes is annoying (but I see why).
3.5 : There was 1 packet &amp; 4 papers (including the final) assigned - no exams! Lecture is extremely boring, but he goes over the whole book so you don't need to read it on your own &amp; provides notes. Doesn't grade harshly &amp; provides a look of feedback. Besides the boring themes of the class &amp; his rants I'd recommend the class for a gen ed!
5.0 : He has 4 papers, one counts as your Final. One small quiz in the beginning. But overall, lectures are long. He goes over the entire book or "important terms to know" in class so you don't have to actually read the books. His prompts are easy and he is willing to provide all the feedback needed for a good grade.
3.0 : While I enjoyed reading Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, and Narnia, Professor Burns is kind of picky with his papers. There are 3 papers (one for each book/about 1500-1800 words) and a final paper that's 500 words. He makes interesting points, but he mostly just talks to you through the whole class. Overall, a good professor but kind of picky.
4.5 : Prof. Burns is an awesome professor! Class could get boring at times but overall it was enjoyable. Attendance is mandatory sometimes. Grades are solely just papers. Most of the topics given were not hard and he is not a hard grader. Usually, papers get lower grades if you summarize more than analyze. Overall, I would recommend this class!
4.0 : Loved this class.  However, he got sidetracked a lot during lectures and would go on random tangents in the middle of a point that I could not tell if it was important or not.  There are 5 papers and one is the final.  Overall I enjoyed the class.
5.0 : I LOVE him. I learned so much from him. Go to class watch the new take notes and baaaaaem you'll pass. You have to take him.
5.0 : One of the easiest and best classes I have ever taken. A news quiz every Monday which. Is an easy A if you download the CNN app and read it before class. The two exams are pretty much 100% note based, so if you don't go to class and take notes you're in bad luck. If you can't come, get notes from someone who did.
4.5 : I was late to class every day but got an A in the class. He's an awesome teacher; very understanding, clear and concise, and gave great lectures. Definitely would take again. Only two tests were the midterm and final, and both were open book/ note.
5.0 : I have adhd and I was able to grasp a very good understanding of international relations. I am a horrible multiple choice test taker but I learned from my mistakes through test corrections. I reccomed this teacher he is a great man, this Proffesor is a true proffesional. He really cares about his students and their success.
4.5 : I enjoyed this class. Government has never been my strong suit, but he definitely made it fun, easy and interesting. Highly recommend
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had in my college career. Insightful, thought provoking and most importantly relevant with current issues. He throws in humor at times and is very passionate about teaching the class which in turn makes it very enjoyable. Everything you need to know for tests can be taken from in class and a little online research.
5.0 : Amazing lectures
5.0 : Great lecturer, if you have the chance take his class. Your Grade 25% News Quizzes, 25% Paper, 25% Midterm and 25% Final. Political Science His classes are worth taking. Good Luck!
5.0 : I've found PLS professors are always so sarcastic. This guy is the most hilarious and mean person all at the same time (I mean that in a good way). Lectures are always super interesting. You start the class with a news quiz and the rest is lecture. He makes his exams as if he were talking, literally. So when taking notes, just write what he says.
5.0 : This guy is too funny. One of his exams had profanity. Oh my goodness. Hilarious guy. He truly is great at teaching and bonds so well with his students. His sarcasm is out of this world. Easy class. Just take him. You will not leave his class without dying of laughter. He is hilarious. I loved his exams, the answer choices are hilarious. TAKE HIM.
5.0 : Dr. Hudson is by far one of my favorite professors when it comes to teach political science. His style of teaching is amazing, he will make you laugh and he will make you think about his lectures outside of class. He always makes sure that you are up to date with the news as well, just be aware of the news that week! Overall, would take again!
5.0 : Pretty cool, funny - standard liberal sensibilities without being pushy, and encourages no-holds-barred class discussion. The lectures are designed to make you think, but the tests aren't hard as long as you take notes. Take his class, he's good. Not attracted to him, but rated him hot out of respect.
5.0 : Roger was by far one of the most amazing professor's I've had at Mason. he truly made a seemingly dry class very interesting. He goes out of his way to make sure his students do well in the class and is incredibly understanding.  Love him and would 100% take him again.
5.0 : One of the best classes I've ever taken. Professor Gliozzi is simply amazing!
2.5 : Very interesting class, but it was hard for me to understand his very strong accent.  I would take him again now understanding what he means after listening to him for 8 weeks.  Outside of that, I would recommend him.
5.0 : Mario was so awesome. He as super chill and really friendly. He was always willing to help with our labs, often giving us the answers! TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Wow, what an amazing individual.
5.0 : Super chill and friendly professor!! He is more than willing to help you, so go to his office hours and/or the LAs office hours to earn an A in the class. Overall, I would recommend him for both lecture and lab.
5.0 : If you have to take a science course TAKE HIM!! He's great, the course is easy. He's the type of professor that wants to see you do well. He grades easy, and may help you out with a question on the exam. His goal is for you to actually learn. Took him for both lab and class he's great in both. SERIOUSLY... TAKE HIM! you won't regret it.
5.0 : Took an online summer course. BEST Astronomy professor at GMU. Homework was due every week. Course material is not that difficult. Around 30 questions on exams.
5.0 : I took the lecture online and came in once a week for the lab. The class was pretty straightforward. Prof. Gliozzi is quick to return assignments and he responds quickly to email. He is sweet and often gives extra credit. He understood most of us were not science geeks and taught to that level.
5.0 : Professor Gliozzi is one of the best. Great lecturer, gives extra credit, kind, and posts everything on blackboard. His questions on the exam were taken from Mastering Astronomy. It was easy enough to not even have to touch the textbook. 3 midterms, 1 final, and he drops the lowest exam. So if you do well on the midterms, u don't have to take final
5.0 : Professor Gliozzi is the best!  You must learn the material for the exams.  Take the quizzes!  He will review them with you in person and explain whatever you don't understand.  He is VERY helpful and willing to help you understand the material!
4.5 : The lab is really easy everything is done in lab except for the pre-lab quizzes, which are easy. Prof. Gliozzi is a very kind-hearted person, who is ready to help you with everything. He explains everything so good that it seems really easy, if you ask for help. He grades based on effort and if you learned something. Easy lab
4.5 : Being in Dr. Curby's class has been a pleasure. His lectures are usually interesting. Gives plenty of examples (my favorites were the videos of his kids to demonstrate topics we were learning about). Allows an index card for tests which is helpful (tests aren't too bad). Other than that, there's a few readings and two minor projects. Great class!
5.0 : Curby is an awesome professor. He uses real life examples in all of his lectures and puts the slides online for reference. I would go to class if you want to actually learn but if you just want to pass, you should be good with not going and just studying the slides. One paper that is pretty easy. Can use note cards on test. GREAT professor!
3.0 : 3 tests, two short papers. But to be honest his tests are HARD. Even with a notecard, you must really know the material in order to do well. He  makes you work for your grade, and all the studying in the world didn't help me.
4.0 : Overall class was pretty easy, just print slides, watch lectures, read the accompanied reading b/c they will be on the test. The test themselves were a little tough oh also there's online discussion post but that's it, easy A if you follow the schedule he lays out for you, I would definitely take another class with Dr. Curby
4.0 : This course is great and Dr. Curby makes it very interesting. I learned a lot and his videos are awesome.
5.0 : This is a great class! If you are interested in cognitive and perceptual development this is a class you should take.
5.0 : Awesome class I would recommend it to everyone.
1.0 : Curby exams are tough and he is a hard grader on the discussion boards. I will never recommend him to anyone. I read the textbook, went over his lectures and his Powerpoints. On top of that I took notes for every lecture! There was 7 exams cut into each chapter with 25 multiple choices. No extra credit! If you do take him Good luck!
4.5 : Really liked this class. Attendance is mandatory, plus every class lecture is important for learning. 3 exams, one paper, and extra credit is offered. Great story teller. Exams are hard, but I got A's because attended every class and studied. Almost never opened my textbook.
5.0 : This is NOT a hard class.  He wants you to do well.  Don't worry!
4.5 : Three tests and a writing assignment. Tests are applied knowledge and you may bring a notecard. overall, great teacher who will keep you interested all class every class.
4.5 : Three tests and a writing assignment. Tests are applied knowledge and you may bring a notecard. Overall, great teacher who will keep you interested all class every class of the semester. Writing assignment was easy if you really put yourself outer and you will be told what exactly needs to be done to get the 100% on it.
5.0 : Super-entertaining professor who really likes his students and does his best to make the class enjoyable and the information sink in.
2.0 : Curby wasn't a bad guy but his exams were very hard! I read the textbook, watched his lectures, &amp; read the my notes multiple times. No matter what his exams were hard! It didn't cover the material he taught us or in the material I studied. There is 7 exams cut into each chapter 25 multiple choices. I will never take him again.
5.0 : Excellent! Took this class online. Workload wasn't the least, but he is helpful and all the requirements are well laid out. Watch the lecture videos and take notes. Tests were open note and if you studied your video notes, you'd be able to find the info quick enough for an A! A lot of people seem to ignore the videos and do poorly on tests.
4.5 : Dr. Rice was very helpful. Go to office hours, it helps. 2 exams, midterm and final. GIS is not easy, tutorials are hours long, but Dr. Rice is always willing to help and make you understand the concepts.
4.0 : As a CRIM major I took this for my minor and was very nervous as I had never used GIS before. Dr. Rice understands that not everyone is going to know how any of the tech works. His lectures can be fast and intimidating, but as long as you follow instructions for the homework labs and study the lectures for tests, you should be fine. Very accessible
1.5 : Does not grade assignments or respond to students. It is the last week of class and I still have no idea how good I did on the midterm exam. Weekly assignment grades throught the semester were just posted a few days ago. Horrible teacher, but cool class.
4.5 : Professor Rice and his TA are very helpful people. I ran into trouble with laptop and they were really understanding to get me back to to speed. Grading and the course outline is clear. Just expect to spend a few dollars. I have a apple laptop and did not have necessary software to complete the work. But you can do it on campus if needed.
5.0 : I took Dr. Rice this summer, which was all online. He responds promptly and is super helpful. I was away for a week unable to turn in assignments along with a delay in getting my books, he was very understanding and allowed me to turn in all my work in which he graded himself. I would recommend him.
5.0 : His class is very organized and if you follow along and do everything as instructed, you should find it easy to pass.  He's very accessible via email and very helpful. Also, the ArcGIS program that's required is rather annoying to install, but you can just use it on campus in the computer lab in Innovation Hall.
5.0 : BY FAR the most caring professor at GMU so far! He goes the extra mile or two to make sure he meets your needs. PLEASE take his class but PLEASE don't take advantage of his kindness! He will help you understand the material if you just ask! Don't go about not understanding the material. He. Will. Help. Very very understanding of circumstabces!
5.0 : This is what an online course ought to be.   Condensed online summer session.  Well-defined criteria and Blackboard layout. Best video lectures I've seen from an online class. My only beef was very slow feedback, but flexible when it did finally come through.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had. I am a Crim student so I came into the class not really knowing much. He is so helpful and will do anything to make sure his students are succeeding. He doesnt take attendance. His midterm and final are straight forward... He tells you everything you need to know. He creates a study guide with topics &amp; page numbers.
5.0 : Very fair professor. Genuinely cares about students learning the concepts and being able to apply the knowledge to our future careers instead of just making us memorize nonsense.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. The work load is decent but he cares about his students and will take the time outside of class to make sure you get it. Would take him again for sure.
4.0 : Clearly the best professor I have had. Dr. Rice was always available to the students. He explains items to the degree in which one would understand even if you've never had a class such as this. Very down to earth and approachable.
4.0 : Professor Rice is not the hardest professor to take.... Just make sure you like computers and data sets,ESRI etc. I took him for an Intel. analysis minor. Technology based weekly homeworks are due and the final project is time consuming. overall, decent teacher.
4.0 : I loved Bowie. Civil Rights and Liberties was fun and I learned a ton but definitely not hard if you do the reading and the few projects you have. Do the reading (never more than an hour per class) and participate. It's fun and impossible to get less than a B unless you are deliberately trying to fail.
1.0 : I took her Social Justice class at UT Arlington, where she is now.  She rambles on about non topic items.  She takes forever to input grades and most waiting until the very end of the semester, finals week.  When you do question her on items she's defensive and won't change anything. If you can, take anyone else. One of the worst I've ever had.
4.5 : Professor Cleaveland was fantastic.  Her class was incredibly interesting and thought provoking, and pushed me to grow with my writing.  She is a tough grader, but she is very upfront with her expectations.  If you want a high quality learning experience, with a knowledgeable, helpful and responsive professor, take her class!
4.5 : Dr. Cleaveland is a passionate teacher of social policy. Hers was by far the toughest class I've had so far in grad school, but I learned so much. I highly recommend her as a professor and as an exemplar of what it means to be a social worker who understands and lives social work.
3.5 : 2 papers, each about 8 pages.  1 final exam that was take home.  Extra credit opp.  20+ page readings every week. Stickler on grammar and APA style.  She can be intimidating, but in the end she does want her students to do well.  However, if policy is not interesting to you take a different professor.
4.0 : Very interesting course. Dr. Repie is knowledgeable about the topics he teach.. Very laid back. Show up, pay attention and participate. Two major grades for the course are in-depth papers.
4.0 : responds to emails. very clear syllabus. took Intro to Special Education class and it was online course.
5.0 : Great professor, class is easy, you just have to show up and pretend to pay attention. You have to get 6 classroom observations. *Take COPIOUS NOTES when you do that bc you have to write two papers (one about teacher, one about student). I would suggest recording your observations as well. Use textbook for papers, posts his slides on BB.
5.0 : Best all around person I have ever met, I could go on for ever but all around his class was so much fun, mentally stimulating, as well as best classroom atmosphere I have ever had! If I had the option to take Richie rich for every education class I have to take I would.
5.0 : This was my first online class, and i loved it! Make sure you have the textbook to do the hw problems. 2 exams (midterm+final) are in-class, both open-notes and open book. weekly hw assignments, similar to his sample coding. Weekly lab assignments are free 2 points. easypeasy. personally im not into coding, but he made SAS so easy to learn and do.
4.5 : I had Prof Tang for my Stat 362 class, which was online. It was my first online class but it was very well organized and the lectures, powerpoints, and other related media helped me get a good understanding of SAS.
4.0 : I have never taken a programming class prior to this. I still got an A by putting in about 2-5 hours of work. Also Visit the TA Glenn Hui, he is SOOO HELPFUL. NEED TEXTBOOK Start the lab assignment while looking over the book. use the "online help" to figure some of the problems out "google stuff" Post on discuss board evry week BE ON TOP OF STUFF
4.5 : Subject is boring, and so was the class but the professor tried his best to keep us awake. He was helpful with questions, and was as leinent as he could be on the exams which were tough. Only teaches fall semester, so take him if you can!
5.0 : Super boring class. Cool professor. More than willing to help, but as someone mentioned, YOU MUST ASK THE QUESTIONS IF YOURE LOST!  Material can be difficult, so ****READ THE BOOK IN ADDITION TO THE SLIDESLECTURES!!!!**** Quiz on chapters 1-2, Midterm, Final, group project, weekly homework which he gives you the answers to. Take him in the fall!
5.0 : Clear class organization; clear expectation of class participation, very informal, easy conversation. Presentations were a joke, super easy; he tends to take over anyway.   If your looking for a class with a global perspective, this is not it.
5.0 : He is a great professor. He keeps the class discussions lively. He provides students feedback on their paper throughout the class. He is pretty clear about his paper criteria. I enjoyed being in his Hist 300 class last semester. Now, I'm in his Hist 499 class this semester.
4.0 : The class is essentially a research paper, and the bulk of the grading revolves around it. Some reading is done, but it's mostly filler as the course would be thin otherwise. He is really nice and respects the students. The paper will catch up to you at the end of the semester, though.
5.0 : Dr. Crew is a wonderful professor! This course had no tests and the only assignments we had were papers that really were just his notes he gave in class put into a paper format. He is incredibly intelligent and a very approachable professor. Great class and would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Great Professor! One to remember.
5.0 : Great professor. Very knowledgeable about the industry and cares deeply about his students. I graduated many semesters ago and he still goes out of his way to help me throughout grad school and my career search. Can't recommend him enough.
3.5 : He's good at what he does. Go to class, take notes on the lectures, put some work into the assignmentspaperpresentation and submit them on time, ask questions, and study for the exams. He drops hints in class as to what will be on the tests, but they can still be rough. He's very thorough and is helpful when you initiate with questions.
4.5 : Prof. Esherick has worked in the field for years and uses his experience to spice up the class. His assignments are not difficult, the biggest is your final project which you have most of the semester to do and it's a lot of fun. Class is a lot of lecturing but it's definitely a good idea to go b/c there is sometimes random classwork.
5.0 : Professor Esherick is a wonderful professor! He is very enthusiastic and knows what he is talking about. His lectures are a bit boring but he really emphasizes that you show up, and there are in class assignments to make sure you show up. The tests are very specific so you have to study for it. But he gives you chances to make it up!
5.0 : Prof. Esherick was great! He is passionate about the subject and is full of information. He does his best to make the class interesting and easy to understand. His assignments are pretty straight forward and as long as you do your work and read the chapters you will be fine. Take Prof. Esherick, you wont regret it!
5.0 : Professor Esherick is one of the best! had him once a week and would get us out of class early! He will make you participate and will call on everyone. 1 Test, and you have a portfolio that you work on throughout the semester. He is always there when you need him and will help you out.
5.0 : Prof. Esherick was a fantastic and exciting teacher who loves his subject. He makes it applicable and very enjoyable. I Seriously loved his class! The lectures are a bit mundane, but he adds bits of humor which make it worth it.
4.5 : Good
5.0 : Professor Esherick is the greatest! Quizzes and test came straight from his power points and aren't that hard at all because he tells you exactly what will be on them. One 10-20 page essay but its easy once you see how its broken down. One short and easy group presentation. He grades fairly and gets grades back to you quick. Highly recommend him!
5.0 : A great professor, SPMT 201 was one of my favorite classes that i took.  A real fun class that I recommend people to take
5.0 : I am so happy to say that I had Prof. Scott for this class! She is understanding and grades fairly. I'd be more than happy to have her as my professor again! Few things to know: make sure you attend class or it will hurt your grade for sure. Don't think you can easily pass without trying. As long as you show effort and interest, you'll be fine.
4.0 : She was a very easy grader. You just had to make it seem like you put effort and thought into your work and she would give you an A. She also wouldn't lecture the whole time; she would let us out early every class.
2.0 : I took Prof. Scott at Simmons. She is vague on what she wants. There are 100 pages of reading each week while working on 3-5 assignments at once. Unrealistic expectations for a 100-level course - expects us to know everything. She hasn't taught me too much and the readings are very theoretical and dense so they don't help. Wouldn't recommend.
2.5 : Every week, you have to read 3-5 LONG articles and then write a paper about it. She wasn't specific on what exactly she wanted us to write about so at first my grade suffered a lot. There was also a group project and a presentation at the end of the semester. Sometimes, she grades harshly, but she's not that awful. Kinda rude sometimes though.
3.0 : Professor Shinners is very knowledgable, unfortunately her lectures are very dry and boring. She is very sweet and tries to get students to interact during her lectures. There were 3 assignments (very easy) 1 presentation, and 2 finals. The finals were difficult but she has a small curve and gives a review session/study guide. Overall, take her!
5.0 : Super sweet &amp; smiles all the time. Test reviews for each exam (3), and are VERY helpful! Don't get the textbook, everything you need to know are on the ppts. One small article presentation, and one big project (divided into 5 simple assignments. If you have questions about anything, she's more than happy to help you out. DEFINITELY recommend!
5.0 : Took this class online, and really enjoyed it.  The professor is very helpful, always answers the emails right away. The exams (3) are hard if you are not prepared. Get ready through the PowerPoint reviews, and you will be fine. One big assignment divided into 5 parts. Not hard, but takes attentiveness.
2.5 : lectures are very very dry. studying for tests realllllllly sucked. i was forced to take this class for my major. shinners is very nice and tries to involve students but material is dry.
2.5 : i was required to take this class because of my major and i did NOT like it. material is actually awful. shinners is a really nice, sweet and knowledgeable lady and wants students to get involved but the content is miserable. she will help any student who needs help. the two tests were really hard so make sure you study 5 assignments &amp; presentation
5.0 : Prof. Shinners is a great professor! She really cares about her students &amp; if you show up in class and participate this is a easy class. Her attendance is not mandatory, and her semester project was very interesting. She can be a though grader on the semester project but she is very willing to help you and work it through with you.
5.0 : Professor Shinners is an awesome lady. She is always willing to help, and is very understanding. The content is boring and the lectures are long it, is hard to pay attention in class.
5.0 : Professor Shinners is great. Such a nice person. If you show up and participate you will do fine. Be sure to get a good idea for your business plan to get an A.
5.0 : Highly recommend if you need to fulfill your language credit. Prof. Jung is educated, fun and absolutely reasonable in her assignments/pace. Come to class, she makes it enjoyable.
4.0 : She moves rather quickly and it is up to the students to keep pace. Overall the class is reasonable and i you are interested in Korean and willing to put in the effort it is a great class.
5.0 : Jung is definitely a great teacher. She's always willing to working with the students individually or as a class. She is also lenient when it comes to due dates and test dates, but that doesn't not mean that she isn't a tough teacher. She will demand a lot, but she won't push if you're not comfortable. Had her for four semesters and love her lots
5.0 : Professor Jung is probably the best professor in GMU. She's super caring with her students, always willing to help, respects every single students, and even feeds us sometimes. She's very lenient with grading, so as long as you are giving your best and she knows you are giving the best, you will pass this class with flying grade.
5.0 : I love Professor Jung. She made my first Korean class the most enjoyable experience I could ever have in a classroom. She is very funny and easy to relate to. Yes she is lenient with late assignments but turning things in on time isn't difficult as long as you spread out your assignments over time.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had. Super helpful and always wanting to help you understand the material.
4.5 : Dr. Forkner is one of the SMARTEST professors I've ever had. Not only can she iterate material thoroughly, she makes you want to learn more. She cares about your life, and isn't afraid to do what she thinks is best for her students. She tells you exactly what she wants from you -- just listen, and you will do just fine.
4.5 : For sure Dr. Forkner was one the best professors I've ever had. She was my TA for biodiversity course which was the toughest class that I've ever had. First of all she is a truly nice person that always care about you and explain materials for you as much as you need with respect. Her lectures are great which reflect how smart is she.
5.0 : By far one of the best professors at Mason, her structure and expectations for lab were crystal clear.  She was always willing to go the extra mile for students, truly makes this very difficult course a little less stressful.    Would highly recommend
5.0 : Amazed at how much knowledge she has to share, very interesting lectures. Seems genuinely glad to help and answer any questions you may have.  Learned alot and liked that the course covered a wide range of topics, made me develop a greater interest in conservation.  Go to class, review lectures, do study guide and you will be prepared for tests.
5.0 : She's a great teacher, you'll learn a lot.
5.0 : Rest in peace Dr Raja! We will miss you forever...!
4.0 : She's a sweetheart, funny, and has good stories. Taught straight from powerpoint. could get boring. Easy enough class with moderate effort.
5.0 : He is so cool! His cheesy joke and easy A's make it the best class of the year.
2.0 : One of the most disorganized professors I have ever had. He does not reply to emails and calls 50 question exams, quizzes which make it very misleading. He does not give a lot of homework so it is easy in that sense. He is bad with technology so the first half of class is usually him trying to start a video.
2.5 : he is very unorganized. i heard he was great so i took this class. now i wish i didn't. it isn't hard, but he's just so unorganized and i feel like i haven't learned anything.
2.5 : This class is a complete mess. He is very nice, but completely disorganized. Goes away on trips and never gets anything graded. While we are supposed to be "pretending" to offer strategies to a social movement, he expects you to actually get in contact. Not exactly easy as a full-time student and someone who works.
5.0 : One of the Best professor at Mason. Take him very friendly, easy, and nice professor. He cares for his students and willing to help them get a good grade. TAKE HIME.
2.5 : He is very nice... However, I wouldn't take him again. Every class was a mess. Never prepared. Not sure he ever realized what he was going to talk about. I gave up even paying attention because he went off on random tangents. Liked how he had a lot of guest speakers though
5.0 : He is a nice guy. He gives you plenty of extra credit points!  There are 3 exams. They are not hard and it is open book. He will give you the articles to read for the questions he has. You will do a research or CBL paper. If you miss class you will not miss anything. The class is very slow and he repeats everything. However, easy A because of it.
4.0 : He is a little out there, as are many sociology professors, but he is a fair and easy teacher. He gives you what you need to know in class so you do not need to do much reading. I got an A with semi-medium level effort. Make sure you get to know him, and do not miss too many classes, because the graded work will reflect what is covered in lecture
2.0 : Students who have taken RELI 211 andor  RELI 212 will spend A LOT of time covering redundant material.    --- Prof. Kurtz is an excellent scholar and a kind man who runs an easy class with a good syllabus and interesting assigned readings. The catch? Terrible and disorganized lectures!
5.0 : Prof. Kurtz is phenomenal! He is so knowledgeable on the material, from years  of personal experience and passion in the field. I took him as a summer course, and he was totally understanding of the demand of a summer curriculum, and listened to feedback on students on reasonable due dates and the speed the class moved along. Take if you can!
5.0 : Easy guy! If you want pressure, ask for it. He's not there to ruin your life. He's very eager to learn from his students. You'll do well if you want to. I've taken several courses from him and he's very entertaining and very helpful. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Awesome!
5.0 : He is great
5.0 : Why are you even still reading these reviews? Just take his classes! Had Tommy for ethics, directing, comedy, and senior project. It's a privilege to take his classes.
3.0 : This class was way harder than I expected.  For a horror movie course it stopped being fun after the 2nd week. A lot of reading and not much video watching in class. The lecture takes up 80% of the class time. The quizzes were a nightmare because you would assume you did well but then your score would be low. He expects too much. Nice guy though.
4.5 : I took Tommy for TV Writing and it was definitely rewarding. The most important aspect of his grading system is completion. Always turn in your assignment in the most complete form and you will be fine. He's one of the better professors in FAVS, and if you're serious about film, you will leave his class with good work of your own.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had by far. The films we watched as well as the readings he had us do were thought-provoking and entertaining. Lecture-heavy class in the best possible way as he has so much knowledge about the subject. Classes were about three hours long and met three times a week but time flew and I may even be sad it's over.
5.0 : Loved him. Clearly very passionate about what he teaches. He left me wanting to explore horror film/literature further. He is very approachable and encouraging, and I found myself wishing class wouldn't end- I took a 5 week course (3 hours a class, 3 days a week) so that's saying a lot. Even students who weren't interested in horror liked the class
5.0 : Tommy knows basically everything there is to know about film. His feedback is always thoughtful and helped me to be a better writer. If he taught chemistry, I'd be a chem minor in a heartbeat.
4.5 : Good class but I hated the paper we had to write at the end for 30% of our grade. If you're creative - make the short film instead. He was very nice and very passionate about the topic which I liked. However, if all you need is the global understanding credit, there are easier ways to get it.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher! Gets you to think about films in ways you otherwise might not. I had no idea horror films were so societally relevant. He shows excellent movies and knows how to make lectures lively and engaging. Genuinely one of the best teachers and classes I've taken at mason. Assignments make you think in a good way, challenging, but fun.
5.0 : The most amazing professor that I have ever taken a Biology class with. He inspires you and makes you want to learn Genetics! He makes learning fun. His smile takes half your worries away whenever you ask him questions. I really wish he taught other courses. GREAT professor!
3.5 : This class could be interesting BUT there is just so much information to study for! You really have to understand the material and do the practice questions in the book. The lab is no joke, the lab is crossing fruit flies and they are a hassle. Otto is a great professor and loves lecturing but his test are difficult and expects you know everything!
4.5 : Otto is AMAZING. If you have another professor switch to Otto ASAP! Ive talked to people from other classes and information that is hard for them, is completely easy for me because Otto teaches the materiel so much better! I would highly recommend!
5.0 : This is by far the best professor I have ever had. Studying was even easy because he explained the material so well in class that I felt like it was just review. His exams are fair, as they represent how much you paid attention in lecture. GMU really lost a great professor.
4.5 : Genetics was literally the hardest class I've ever taken before. It's a terribly designed course, BUT none of that is Otto's fault. He's a really enthusiastic, brilliant man who really does give you everything  you need to do well; it's just very difficult material. Homework is CRUCIAL. Do it all.
4.0 : His lectures aren't always the most interesting to listen to, but the information is there and he knows his stuff and has great enthusiasm for the material. You can get by without attending every lecture if you do the readings and practice problems and study guides. Just be aware there are iClickers and those points can make a difference.
2.0 : The ratings are pointless, her really isn't a great professor. His lab TAs were the worst! If you can get Peggy for Lab she's one of the best.  Otto doesn't give partial credit!
5.0 : The class in general is extremely difficult, but is by far the best compared to Tondi and Masterson. The material is dull, but he is always in such a good mood. Very helpful and really wants you to do well. Memorize your follow along notes and you are set!
5.0 : Dr.Otto is the best professor u can ever ask for. His lectures and expectations are clear. He doesnt give partial credits in test, but his tests are not that hard. Study and do the problems in his study guide and ull be fine.
5.0 : Best teacher at Mason by far! He is very thorough and so helpful! love his teaching style. definitely recommend!
5.0 : He's seriously a good guy, if you come in after class he treats you like a real person. Has funny lectures, makes hard information more tolerable, and really wants you to do well not only in his course but in college as a whole. Definitely a professor you want to know
5.0 : I found genetics difficult but Otto is really a good teacher and he really trys to help his students. He does not however drop an exam or curve exams so if you do really bad on one exam then you have to do superb on the other ones. I would recommend Otto because he really explains in detail the material just expect to study a lot
5.0 : Fantastic teacher! Excellent at explaining topics, posts superb notes, and a very nice guy. I have nothing bad to say, except I wish he taught accounting!
5.0 : Dr. Otto is an amazing professor. He cares for his students and is ope to any questions. I would take any class he taught.
5.0 : Very smart guy who explains material well. You have to work hard to get an A, but Dr. Otto is super nice and always willing to help students.
5.0 : Dr. Otto is the most humble professor at Mason. His teaching is exciting, and he makes things easier to understand. But the best thing I enjoyed about his class was his character...he really just cares about the students, nothing else! He's not in it for the game, or to look good in front of faculty, he's just interested in being a good professor.
4.0 : Excellent professor, notes are great, very active. Must take the time to study and review information. Doing good in lab will definitely help your grade.
5.0 : Prof Otto is such an incredible teacher.  His lectures are concise.  His extra powerpoint reviews show you the same material from a different perspective so you REALLY get it.  Attend class, record it. Review the recordings again with the notes and power points in front of you.  IF you don't get an A then you didn't do the work. (but it's a LOT)
4.5 : Dr.Otto is a awesome. If you make the dedication to get up at 7:30 to attend his lecture you will do well. Study a week before the exam. Review all the powerpoints and skim the questions on mastering a&amp;p and the textbook, but mostly the powerpoints. Dr. Otto is by far the best biology professor at mason.
4.5 : OTTO is the BEST professor at GMU. 3 Exams and a final. He gives iCliker here and there so make sure you come to class regularly. His exams are conceptually tough so you need as many Iclicker points as possible. DO THE HOMEWORK!! exam questions come from the homework problems so understand them well.
5.0 : Dr. Otto was an amazing professor. I had originally taken Dr. Tondi and switched because her class was so difficult. Best decision of my academic career. He is clear and his lectures are easy to understand if you really focus on the information. If you ask questions, he is more than willing to answer them for you. Highly recommend!!
5.0 : Dr. Otto is very clear when he lectures. He cares about you and wants you to pass. As long as you study, you'll ace it. His exams are average, not too hard but not easy. You need to study the material to do well. He does give I-clicker quizzes! He's also very quirky! So lecture  isn't incredibly unbearable. I recommend him 100%!
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had.  He knows the material and his lectures are really clear.  He also does reviews  that help you understand the material.
5.0 : Dr. Otto is a WONDERFUL professor. He really cares about his students and really wants to get to know them. When you go to his office hours, he is extra helpful and makes sure you walk about understandinglearning something new. TAKE HIM FOR THIS COURSE! GO TO CLASS, IF YOU DO NOT, YOU WILL NOT PASS.
4.5 : I had him for Genetics and did not anticipate how challenging and specific it is. His expectations and lectures are 100% clear so you cannot fault him for grading harshly or having tough exams. All of the necessary info is on the slides and the first 12 of this class is mathy. Do the recommended homework problems each week and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Dr. Otto is incredibly knowledgable. He is a great teacher and explains concepts very clearly.  Exams are tough and he doesn't give partial credit.  Very nice man.
4.5 : The reviews speak for themselves. I bought the textbook sadly. It is never used once. The lab manualy is used a lot though.
5.0 : Dr. Otto is a great professor. He loves genetics. If you have any questions, approach him and ask. He really takes his time explaining things to you, and never makes you feel like less. His exams are not easy, but he doesn't try to trick you. The homework really helps, although it is optional. Great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Otto is a great professor. He respects his students, and takes his time answering any questions. Do his optional homework assignments, they are representative of the exams, and some questions are taken directly from the homework.
4.0 : He knows his stuff, and he genuinely wants everyone to do well in his class. He asks straightforward questions on his exams, no tricks. It's either you know it or you don't. You must put hours into studying, you need to work for that grade, Otto just makes it as painless as possible.
2.5 : Tough grader, exams are VERY hard. Doesn't give partial credit. PLUS, he said in the beginning of the class that he only gives two A+'s in the entire class. Only for TWO people. Not fair if you tried hard and actually earned those grades.
5.0 : Best science professor at Mason.  His lectures are great and he explains difficult concepts clearly.  Exams are tough, but he does not try to trick you.  Homework problems are important.  Very nice guy.
5.0 : The most wonderful professor in the world! Take him. He is the greatest. So much passion and such a respectable person. I wish every professor was a mirror image of him. He is AMAZING! Three hour lectures are boring, right? Well, not with him! They are interesting! Helpful and Clear. Also, he is ranked #9 among best professors in the U.S. LOVE OTTO
3.0 : He does explain everything in detail but it gets so boring that it's easy to fall asleep in his class.  I wish someone had told me how hard he grades. I think his grading and the way he decides how much a question should be worth is overall unfair.
5.0 : AWESOME PROFESSOR!  Very bright guy who really knows what he is talking about.  His exams are long, but they are fair.  He cares about students and is always willing to help them.   LOVE OTTO
4.5 : He is the sweetest guy ever, the class had so much information. 18 chapters, 3 exams. You better study early....   The info isn't particularly hard but lectures can be boring. you do need to go though because there are iclickers. The lab SUCKS study for the final its hard, possibly harder than the lecture exam in my opinion.
5.0 : I don't think he teaches anatomy anymore, but after retaking the class with another professor I realized how great he was. He provided notes with blank spaces so you could follow along with his lecture, and his exams were heavily based off his notes. His exams were hard, but he had really good &amp; fair questions.
5.0 : Betsy goes out of her way to make sure the information read in the book is applicable to life.  Weekly journal entries are an effective way to see if the material has been read.  The final paper is intense but she makes sure you are clear on what is expected.  She is fair, respectful of others opinions, and her class is fun.
5.0 : There is a textbook for this class, but it is not really necessary.  Prof. Leary lectures every class and if you pay attention you will do just fine.  She is very caring and understands students have lives outside of class, very forgiving if you miss a class.  Weekly quizzes online (open book/note) but if you pay attention you won't need the book.
5.0 : Such a nice and down-to-earth lady. She would make sure you get tested on only the stuff covered in class. The problem is rather with the way the course is structured/presenting the content. Needs to memorize, but most content's still confusing and difficult to comprehend.
5.0 : This is my second class that I am taking with Dr. Leary. I had her last semester for 223 and I also wrote a review for that class as well haha. For IT462 she is great! I took this online and I really liked how she had it set up. She understands that the material is difficult and compensates for it. I wish she taught more security classes. Take her!
5.0 : She's a great teacher and is very clear to understand. Test and quizzes are fair and are exactly what you cover in lectures. She's also really cool to talk to. Ask her what car she drives, you won't be disappointed
5.0 : I swear by professor Leary, she's incredible &amp; an EXTREMELY fair grader, do what the assignment says &amp; she'll give you the points. Goes over lectures thoroughly &amp; tells you what you need to know for the exams, plus gives great study guides. Only thing is the mid term &amp; final were both a little tough but there's an extra credit opp - DO IT! it helps
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had so far. Cares about students and is very approachable. Responds to questions quickly and willing to go the extra mile to ensure each student  understands the lectures and course work.
1.0 : I am taking INFA 650 Digital Forensics online class at UMUC. This is an online class. We have to do several online labs. Many students expressed frustration because her lab instructions are not clear, when students asked for help her "tips" were very confusing and as a result of this students wasted hours trying to figure out the labs. Tough Grader
5.0 : The lecture content is boring but she actually makes it interesting . You also have to take a quiz every class so be prepared.
4.0 : Great professor. He knows the material and i don't think she is a tough grader. She doesn't write the exams but helps you enjoy the class and understand the material. She is very nice.
4.0 : Dr. Leary is very friendly and tries her best to prepare you for the tests. The class is pretty easy if you study the powerpoint slides for the tests and quizzes. Overall, Dr. Leary is very knowledgeable in the material and will interject her experience during the lectures. Highly recommend taking her!
3.5 : Dr. Leary is the best Security prof at GMU. She's nice &amp; helpful during class. She's has to Dr. Lyon's notes, but she's good at clarifying things &amp; giving extra information. Go to lecture &amp; she tells you what to know for the exam! There's pop quizzes, but it's every class so no surprise. The tests aren't tough, a lot of material &amp; hard grading.
5.0 : Professor Leary is great at explaining the topics for the class. My problem was that it was a 3 hour class -___- too long! All you do for the exams is study the study guide questions, which comes directly from the powerpoints in sequential order. She does not have control over the material or the grading, but she does her best to help. Take her!
3.5 : Grandmaster Park is the best! He has a strong accent so it's a little hard to understand but his class is fun. You don't need to be fit or muscular to pass, all you need to do is put 100% effort into this class and he'll notice.
5.0 : Very nice professor.  You can actually learn a lot from this course.  Basic self defense to training exercises.  All students can benefit from time spent with Professor Park.  Very relaxing class, starts with meditation and then stretching.
4.0 : He's a great self-defense teacher, if you're considering taking this class then do it.  He's cool and you don't have to be fit to pass.  Great work out and a fun time.  You'll actually learn.
1.0 : I would not suggest to anyone to take her online class. I'm sure he is a good professor in person but I would not take her online. She is not as organized and there is going to be a lack of communication.
5.0 : Professor Kammy is extremely easy I highly recommend her for all the IT students. Her lectures are interesting. Lab instructor Nithin was very easy and helpful with all the assignments!
5.0 : This is an easy class if you do all the work. You will get an A if you do all the work, take the quizzes and tests. Just do the work and you will pass.
5.0 : She is the best professor. She is so nice and understandable. I have learned a lot in her class.
4.0 : Very easy class. As long as you put the effort in to do the two projects, you'll do just fine. She does have pop quizzes sometimes at the end of lectures, so show up if you want the credit. Lectures are kind of boring themselves though. The lab is a little harder, but it's manageable and can get a good grade in it. Overall, the class is NOT hard.
4.0 : Very nice professor and super lenient. Gives you the answers during in class quizzes and is flexible with deadlines. She really just wants to give all her students an A. When it comes to the midterm and final, it is a little tough only because of poor wording of the questions. Sometimes she does go a little fast as there is a lot of material.
5.0 : Getting an A in this class is possible, but you definitely have to work for it. There are a lot of assignments but instructions on completing them were clear and helpful. Random quizzes in class were no problem and there was a lot of help provided if needed for the lab. One midterm, one final, one paper, and one website project.
5.0 : Kammy is great! She is very helpful and wants you do to well. The course can be difficult at times for people who do no have any IT background. Textbook required. Research paper and website are the two major projects so expect homework. Midterm/final exams are tough, they require lots of studying. If you are taking an intro course take her! :)
4.5 : One of the most chill professors. Gives about(less than?)10 quizzes in class. Just pay attention to the ppt in class, and if she's feeling nice she would discuss the answers with the class. The textbooks are not cheap but that's how it works. You only need them for the access code for the 2 exams. Not that hard if you study.
3.0 : The class itself seems super difficult especially with the amount of homework that was hard to find. In reality, you only have to do well on the essay and website to pass. She is really nice, and literally gives you the answers to her "pop quizzes".
5.0 : BEST Professor at Mason. She gives out the answers to quizzes in class. She genuinely cares about her students and gives quite a few extra credit opportunities. Highly Recommended.
3.5 : Amazing professor, it's obvious he loves his job. I highly recommend you take his class.
5.0 : Zenkov is a wonderful guy and professor. Honestly, I took him for granted until I didn't have him as a teacher! Down-to-earth guy that creates a classroom community. He CARES about his students &amp; teaching. Encourages creativity/out of the box teaching &amp; thinking. He makes me feel at ease about being a teacher. Snatch this prof up if he's teaching!
5.0 : Dr. McKnight is a great professor. This class is TOUGH, esp. if you're not math-inclined, but he genuinely wants all of his students to succeed and he really knows his stuff. He is energetic, which is lifesaving in a 9am class. Lots of reading and work expected to be done on your own time, but it is grad school.
3.0 : GRADUATE STUDENTS: While this is considered an "easy" class with him, keep in mind that you are taking it as a foundation for other courses in your career. If you take this class with him, YOU MUST TAKE ACTION AND WORK ON YOUR OWN TO UNDERSTAND MATERIAL ABOVE AND BEYOND WHAT IS EXPECTED. Yes, you will get a good grade, but you will fail later.
5.0 : Very passionate about her field. If you are interested in Con Bio, this is your professor! If you are not interested in this subject, then I advise you to not take this class as it can drag on. Freeman is very helpful, clear. Field trips are mandatory. Grade consists of journals, midterm, participation, projects, and small papers here and there.
5.0 : I loved Elizabeth! She was such a nice lady and really made the class enjoyable. She's very easy to talk to and gives great advice. She's also super understanding. I felt like I learned quite a bit in her class.
5.0 : Prof Gaudian brings his work experience and helpful tips into the lectures. If you need help, email him, he answers within 24hrs. Fair grader. Most realistic and useful class at GMU so far! Take his class! Semester-long project is a business plan. Your team just need to meet up with him about the project and you'll be fine.
3.0 : He is a really nice and genuine guy who wants you to get the most out of the class. He does not display the powerpoint slides but uses them to guide his in class lectures which is bothersome. He also uses his experience to rely messages which is nice but doesn't necessarily apply to each business or industry. Overall he's not bad, I would recommend
4.0 : Professor Gaudian brings a lot of outside experience to the class which is useful given the topic that he teaches. class is fairly easily overall, but make sure you pick a good team for your final project which is a feasibility analysis.
4.0 : Very helpful with very informative classes. He is very nice, his class is super engaging and informative. One of the best teachers I've had. Do your part and you will get a good grade.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Mason. He is super talented and nice guy ever.
5.0 : 1 15 page paper on topic of your choice, gives readings essential to quizzes (some open note), 1 field trip to jail (very cool). The paper seems long but he allows charts and pictures and is VERY willing to help, even gives sources.  Ppts are very clear but he DOES NOT post them/use blackboard. Very interesting and knows his stuff.
5.0 : I loved Mr. C!  He is seriously one of my favorite professors at Mason! 15 page paper is very simple and you can get a great grade as long as you follow directions. 4 quizzes (easy), midterm &amp; final (easy), and attendance is mandatory! Great class! Plus, a sweet jail tour!
5.0 : I have an HLS concentration, so classes on jails aren't my typical type of class material, but this was easily my favorite class this semester. It was SUPER interesting and easy-yay for fun and no stress! The jail tour was amazing-don't miss it. Tests/quizzes are a piece of cake. Paper was long, but not at all difficult if you can fill up 12 pages!
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had. I have taken three classes with him over my career at mason. Take his class, show up, and pay attention to get an A  He lends his real world experience to his classes, and he takes you on a field trip to a jail.  Take this class, you will not regret it.   Oh, one more thing... prepare for endless puns.
5.0 : Professor Cornelius is one of the most entertaining professors I've ever had. He's very respectable and knowledgeable about jails. There's a jail tour - I didn't go on it but I heard that it was fantastic. Quizzes/Midterms were super easy. There's a 15 page research paper but it definitely wasn't hard at all. Easy A!
5.0 : Very enthusiastic.  Makes Spanish fun.  Will help if you ask for it.
4.5 : Professor Rabinowitch is simply awesome! She is so sweet and really cares about her students. She is always willing to help. I took her for both SPAN 110 and SPAN 210. And I am so glad I did! For both courses, she had 3 big exams, 3 big quizzes and a couple of small quizzes. It really helped us to keep us on top of the game!
4.0 : Amazing Spanish Professor! I hadn't taken Spanish in two years. I was very nervous going into the school year but once we got further into the semester I realized I was going to get an A in the class because of her! Just do your work and come to class and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Extremely competent and organized. She really cares about her students and loves her job, but she's not afraid of students not liking her. She will be as tough on you as you give her reason to be. Work hard, respect her and her class, and you will love her course, and come out of it with a much stronger grasp on Spanish.
5.0 : Profesora Rabinowitch is a God-send. I don't know how she does it, but she teaches so effectively.  I skipped right onto the 210 level, and she made it seem so effortless. I owe her big time for her ability to teach. My recommendation is to always show up to class, participate, and do the online Supersite. With all the combined--you will do well!
5.0 : She is the best Spanish professor I've ever had. She is clear, organized, and direct. As long as you try, she is willing to work with you. She also really respects students who work hard, study, complete homework, and put effort into her material. For every quiz and test, she has a study guide and a review day in class. Easy grade; you learn a lot.
5.0 : Professor Rabinowitch is the kindest, most endearing professor at Mason. She really goes out of her way to help you learn the material, goes way overboard in trying to make the class fun, and is genuinely a nice person. Exams are not prepared by her, though quizzes are. Two group projects, 4 writing assignments. I will miss her very much.
5.0 : If you have to take this class, take it with her. You won't regret it. As somebody who didn't do great in Spanish throughout my academic career, Professor Rabinowitch makes it easy to understand, and makes showing up to class fun, even if it is 3 times a week for almost 2 hours.
4.5 : Professor Rabinowitch is amazing and I would never have passed Spanish with anyone else. She truly cares about you, and really dedicates to helping 1 on 1 in office hours. Lots of group projects, papers, quizzes, and extra credit. She's truly a rare and inspirational teacher. Always takes attendance and uses to either help or not help in the end.
5.0 : Great Professor, really enjoyed taking her class. she made the class fun and enjoyable and she's a really nice person, would definitely recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Yoo Sun is probably one of my favorite professors ever. I hope that she has her book translated so that I can read it someday! :)
5.0 : Professor Chung brought many hands-on activities into class. She was knowledgeable about the subject matter and presented information in a highly engaging lecture style. She also provided interactive and multimedia learning opportunities. In practice, schools do not seem to understand ATS as well as she does, which is too bad for local schools.
5.0 : She is the BEST accounting professor. Her lectures are clear, and she is always willing to help if you do not understand the material. If you study the slides, work on the learnsmart, homework, and her problems on the slides there is no reason why you should not get a good grade. Never touched the textbook at all. TAKE HER IF YOU WANT TO PASS! :D
4.5 : By far the best teacher they have at Mason, She is very patient, takes time to make you understand the course. I would say take her class and you need to work hard as well.
5.0 : CLASS NOT EASY. A LOT OF CONCEPTS. BUT WHO CARES? THE PROFESSOR IS HOT AND AMAZING AT TEACHING.
5.0 : She is super sweet and really cares about her students! Very helpful and very beautiful! Her tests are pretty hard though, but she tells you what to study for. Take her class if you can!!!
4.0 : she is a great accounting professor and so nice. she teaches the concept well and helps u understand it better. BUT, her exams are so hard and tricky. just beware of that. Out of all accounting professors tho, she's the best.
1.0 : Professor Jill is a very strict professor, she always tricks students in exam. In Accounting project she assigned duplicate question which was super hard and timed. She is a Hard professor ever. If you are not hard worker DON'T TAKE HER.
4.0 : This class is heavily dependent on exams, and the points assigned to the exams increased with the difficulty throughout the semester. She taught the class well and reviewed practice exams, but she sometimes only briefly covers sections that encompass a major part of the exams. A is certainly attainable, but there's no room for error on the exams.
4.0 : This class is heavily dependent on exams, &amp; the points assigned to the exams increased with the difficulty throughout the semester. She taught the class well and reviewed practice problems, but she sometimes only briefly covers sections that encompass a major part of the exams. A is certainly attainable, but there's no room for error on the exams.
5.0 : Amanda is absolutely amazing. She gives great advice and has real world experience (which means she has some great stories). She's realistic about the industry and gives you great tips on how to get a job in the future. I can't wait to take another class with her.
3.5 : Amanda is your friend. Shes there for you if you need help. She doesn't respond to email very well so be sure ask all your questions in class. She knows alot about editing software and she can guide you through any obstacles you may have during any editing projects. Make sure you turn in every assignment on time and you should be fine.
4.0 : Amanda's a great editing teacher: it's her thing! She can spot an issue with your framerate or codec as soon as you open up the project--and she'll tell you how to fix it rather than penalize you. Though she's somewhat bias to final cut to premiere, she'll let you use whichever to get things done. Everything in class is hands on so don't skip!
4.0 : The class is projected based and very writing intensive, good news though, you only have to write one 15 page script and one 45 page script or two 21 page script. She lets you have a very long time to make sure your scripts are great and her lectures help add to what you should pay attention to in your work. She's really sweet &amp; a good professor.
3.0 : Amanda Kraus is great! She's so relatable and understandable. She assigns long homework assignments but you really learn from the class! She also has fun/interesting in-class assignments.
5.0 : Keeps class interesting by tying it to real-world scenarios. Only a couple of tests, bring a scantron and pencil. Assigns group papers. Groups are self-managed, so beware of the social loafer!! Read the book. Teaches you to develop a mindset of a business professional.  Overall a great class and wonderful professor.
2.0 : Quite disappointed in his teaching and character. He rarely responds to emails or if he does, it's too late. I don't think he really cares much for the course or the students since I went to him for help (he's hard to reach) but did not get the assistance I needed for the case study. The exams and case studies are vague. PowerPoints need editing.
4.5 : Professor Markin is one of those professors who is as great of a teacher as he is in the business world. Despite all of his achievements, he is really down to earth. Genuinely wants to help. Make sure you scan through the book before the tests, because he likes to use some non-lecture material on the test. The group project was confusing though.
4.0 : Doesn't really test on his lectures.  He uses terms from the book in the test questions, get used to knowing the terms.  Tests aren't easy.  Group project will kill you if you aren't clear in the team charter.  Make sure you have defined consequences and make sure to document all issues with proof or he won't even entertain them.
4.5 : Great Professor. Really cares about student understanding the material and concepts behind the subject. Assigns groups and group papers. Expects personal responsibility within group settings as a teaching tool to understand how to work together and deal with social loafers. Great class, learned a lot.
4.5 : He is awesome. I had him over summer so I guess it was easier than regular semester. I learned a lot. If you read the book, pay attention in the class and do ur group projects you will do good. He is very helpful, and it was an interesting course.
3.5 : He does seem down-to-earth as previous poster mentioned. Honestly though, lab is not helpful for mgmt 301. You can get away w an A if just study on own and show up for the 2 exams. I think he's a nice guy overall. I'm not sure if he grades the 2 group case studies or if a TA does. We got an A- on 1st case study so he may be tough grader
2.0 : I really don't know why he has good feedback, i really disliked him. I found him to be lazy and solely teach for the money. The feedback he provided on my case assignments were vague and not helpful. He also mentioned multiple times how he hasn't looked at the online lectures and yet he still teaches the "same" information? don't take him.....!
4.0 : Pretty good recitation professor. He seems like an easy grader, my team received A's on both project papers. I also received an A on my individual essay.
2.0 : Participation, in this class, doesn't really help your grade. A lot of answers to the exams seemed ambiguous and that made it more challenging. Professor was okay. He seemed intimidating if you disagreed with him. Blackboard's PowerPoints were filled with grammatical errors; it seemed as if a child had made the slides. It was annoying to read.
4.0 : For our class we had three exams. They were composed of questions students would submit for extra credit but most of the material could be found on his powerpoint online. The class is only lecture were he would go off topic a lot. The final was a take home test which was open note. I probably didn't learn a lot about psyc but did enjoy the class.
5.0 : Easy 100 level class.  He posts all of the powerpoints onto blackboard. I would not by the textbook because I never opened it since he tests off of his powerpoints.  The stories and examples he tells in class are very interesting.  I showed up everyday to class, but I knew I few people who didn't and they still got a good grade.
5.0 : Not a difficult class if you attend the lectures.  You'll find the material on the exam comes from topics he discusses in class, not as much on the power points.  Lectures were extremely entertaining.
5.0 : Peter was the best professor ever. He really made my freshman year eventful and happy. I always enjoyed coming to his lectures, even at 9am. Wish he could teach every class I need here at Mason. Four exams straight from the notes and the last exam, the final, was a take home. Probably the only class I actually learned something in!
3.0 : Prof. Frecknall goes on tangents often because he's passionate about psych. We had 4 quizzes and outside experiments to complete, that's it. Test comes from slides but he puts them on blackboard so attendance isn't mandatory but he skips over info he doesn't think we need to know so it's helpful if you go. He doesn't check emails much.
5.0 : Definitely my one of my favorite professors! Very enthusiastic and loves what he teaches. He definitely makes the lectures intriguing. He allows some extra credit options before each of the four quizzes. I definitely recommend this professor!
5.0 : Dr. Frecknall is the typical brilliant, crazy, passionate psych professor. He loves to talk about his clinical experiences and makes class somewhat engaging. Offers extra credit for his quizzes. Read his PowerPoint slides and you will pass!
4.0 : Frecknall's class is super straightforward - There are four tests, no homework, and he gives you all the info you need just from his lectures. Just show up and pay attention an you'll have an easy time. Really great and engaging lectures too! Makes everything really interesting.
5.0 : He's hilarious and so entertaining. Just study the PowerPoint slides and you should be fine. Offers extra credit. No study guides. Would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Frecknall is one of the best professors that I've had the pleasure of having. He's very knowledgeable about his topic, and will give us real life examples of some of the people that he's worked with. His lectures were engaging and his class isn't difficult. I got an A+ in the class without even trying. I genuinely enjoyed going as well.
4.0 : Frecknall is a nice and funny guy. You will like him. His lectures could be a bit all over the place but the course was super laid back. Get those study hours done quickly so you don't have to worry about them later!
5.0 : Professor Butler's art history class was very fun. His class is very interesting and enjoyable. I am not a person who had interest in going to art museum or any background in art history. However, I ended up liking his class so much that I will be taking his class as an elective next semester.
4.5 : An awesome professor. The material can be a lot sometimes but if you put in hard work, you'll get an A. He's very reasonable and understanding, and his passion for the subject is abnormally encourraging. There are times when I go to his class just for the fun of it. He gives "bringing a classroom to life" a whole new definition. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : I took him for a 3 hour class and I enjoyed it. He was a funny guy. We just had 4 exams and 2 simple papers. He is very easy going and helps you out. He talked a lot about his favorite part of the lecture, which was, textiles. But, honestly, he loved teaching all the course material. He was a good professor and he even let us off one exam!
4.5 : I have taken 3 classes by professor butler, he is amazing. He is so silly and funny and honestly enjoys everything he is teaching. His 200 level classes are super easy, his 300 level are a little tougher but if you are willing to put in the work it is so worth while. He is very will to help, and is super understanding. there is never a dull class.
5.0 : I've taken 4 classes with Butler, 3 at the 300 level and one 400 level seminar and he is one of the BEST professors by FAR. Very easy to take notes in that class and he's just so chill and relatable. Recommend anyone to take any of his classes if you're even remotely interested in any of the subjects he teaches! :)
5.0 : One of the best professor @ Mason.  I would definitely take him again and highly recommend to take him for art/silk road classes.
5.0 : Prof Butler is phenomenal! My second class with him, &amp; I will definitely take more! Very fair grader, very nice, very helpful, good lecturer. Awesome personality. Showing up to class and studying for tests are a must to succeed in the class. Ok to get off schedule with readings but must finish before tests. I want to take all his classes! A++!
3.5 : He's a pretty chill professor but you do need to study for the exams. Focus on the study guides and you'll be fine. He's also a very happy and upbeat person so that's a plus.
5.0 : This was my 3rd class with Butler - he's that great. Taking another next year. Fantastic lectures, really nice guy, reasonable workload, interesting assignments, and very fair grader. Best teacher I've ever had. Gives extra credit on some tests, and very helpful study guides. Assignments give you a lot of freedom of choice of topic. Very inspiring!
5.0 : Prof. Butler is the most amazing professor I have ever had. If you have never had an art history course before, please take him because he will make it so understandable for you. ARTH 386 is the Silk Road, which just opened up a new world for me that I had no idea about, meaning the ancient cultures of Asia. Please take him!
5.0 : Butler is so sweet! He really does care for his students and the material he teaches. Your grade consists of 3 tests &amp; 2 papers. The tests were a bit difficult &amp; the study guides weren't so helpful but if you look at the notes you'll do fine. He's a funny &amp; passionate teacher. Would def take again!
4.5 : He's a smart but scatter-brained man so due expect a story with each lesson.  This was a 6 week summer course so he speaks very quickly.  If you ask questions he will answer.  Make sure you complete the assignments and put effort into them.  You'll receive a better grade if you go above and beyond what is asked of you. I really enjoyed the class.
5.0 : Absolutely LOVE this man. Very intelligent, super funny, gets off-topic a bit, but his classes are always super fun! I've had about 4 or 5 classes with him and he is by far one of my favorite ARTH professors. Very straight forward and is very lenient with grading. If that whole class doesn't do well on a test, he'll easily curve it. Love him!
4.0 : very passionate teacher. GO TO CLASS. it can be long but if you pay attention, it will make his class easier and makes the exams easier! he is very helpful and very supportive. you should rent the book, it will help reinforce the topics he teaches in class, but if you take good notes you really don't need it much.
4.0 : Professor Butler makes sure that you learn a lot of information, but the class is still easy. If you attend the lecture and pay attention, you will have no problem doing well. He tells interesting stories from his own experience as well.
4.0 : Dr. Bitler Davis is great. She is knowledgeable, fun, gives great examples. The course had 5 multiple choice exams, the lowest one dropped. Also, there was a quiz almost every week (questions from the textbook). The course itself was tough, lots of terms to memorize. So be prepared to study. I am glad that i took this course with Dr. Bitler.
4.5 : She's very interested in the content so she loves class discussion. Lectures are short. NO EXAMS and class is based entirely on a few easy projects (one project was turning in your birthday for the astrology section), class writings (opinion based, not fact) and class assignments (all fun). Great class and fun content!
2.5 : The class is hard because she fits so much information into a short time that you forget a lot of it. The online quizzes are a pain in the ass because there are like 4 a week. The exams are take home and open note, but you have to do a Lockdown browser because someone cheated( I don't know how you do that) so it's hard to look up questions online.
4.0 : There are in class assignments that are randomly assigned, so you MUST go to class. My biggest regret is missing some of those assignments because it is SUCH an easy class to get an A in. All of the work is online and the exams are take home. I definitely recommend taking her class. She's a fun professor!
5.0 : Prof. Bitler is a very learned teacher but her lectures can be long. It's good for people who never read the textbook so you can just take notes in class and pass. Going to class is mandatory, there are random in class assignments that can bring your grade down if you miss it. Tests are easy, she allows you to use Google. Very nice lady!
5.0 : Professor Davis (her name has changed) is an awesome professor. She is very helpful. Take this class for an easy A
5.0 : Amazing teacher! very interesting class. one take home midterm and one take home final. 3 projects, very easy! She is very enthusiastic and sweet.
5.0 : Go to class because there are random in class assignments that are graded. There are 3 quizzes each chapter and 5 tests including an optional final. Everything is online including the textbook which makes the class so much easier. Easy A as long as you keep up with the deadlines.
5.0 : She is perfection. Even though attendance wasn't mandatory her lectures honestly were not boring. Extra credit for attendance is given sometimes. She has been teaching for years and is very passionate about what she does. Homework is online, tests are online. It's an easy A if you read the online text.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors at GMU. I love her positivity and her respect. I've learned a lot in her class and I am taking a second one. I highly recommend her to you. She is awesome and assignments are easy even though there is some reading, it is fun reading. Take her, you won't regret it.
5.0 : She's honestly an amazing professor. Unlike most professors, she is very enthusiastic about teaching. She gives a lot of information to the class and loves to hear the class' opinion on the topic taught for that class. She's very respectful to the students and is very understanding and lenient. I would recommend without hesitation. Great professor!
4.5 : Professor Renshaw was a great professor, his lectures were always hilarious and  definitely worth attending because he does an excellent job explaining things so that the info is easy to remember on the exams. Plus you need the information to pass the exams. He also drops the lowest exam out of the four in the semester.
5.0 : Great professor!!! He kept me interested the whole semester. Even with a class of 300 it felt very personal. Plus the class was so easy I barely studied and did well. Highly recommend!!!
4.5 : For an online course, the lectures were very engaging. He was very willing to help through email, and if something was unclear he would try to explain it differently.
5.0 : excellent teacher, you have to study for exams, he does have a study guide, he asnweres all of your questions even though its a 100+ class. you have 4 exams the highest grade gets counted as the most, the lowest exam is dropped, does have extra credit, you have to do research hours. overall very interesting class and very great teacher, take him
3.5 : Professor Henshaw is AWESOME. I love his discussions on anchoring, and he's so great at helping me when I'm stuck on a concept. Absolutely take his course.  I just wish he was better at drawing on the board. Those times get awkward.
5.0 : OMG!!! This is the best professor ever! Take him, take him, take him!! Take detailed notes during his class. His study guides basically tell you everything you need to know for his exams. Study them and you will pass his exams. He is hilarious and his lectures are amazing! I love himmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
4.0 : Professor Renshaw's lectures are amazing. Everything he teaches is so interesting and he has great stories and examples for. As long as you go to class, take good notes, and study you will do fine on the exams. They're a little tough but not too bad. There's 5 extra credit type assignments and only your top 3 exam scores count. Easy to do well.
4.5 : He is a nice, chill, and funny professor. Lectures are interesting, but tests are hard. None of the questions from the exam practice are on the tests. It's more like expect the exam practices to have the same question formatting. There are a total of 4 exams and the lowest score is dropped. I recommend getting the textbook and reading through it.
5.0 : I've never taken a Psych class in HS so I was nervous at first, but he is such a great lecturer!!! You can't be bored in his class or not pay attention, he explains things in a great way and gives great examples! I've done average on his tests even though I study a lot, so those are harder than his lectures and you need to pay attention. Take him!!
4.5 : So funny and interesting! My favorite professor at GMU so far. Just make sure you go to lecture, and study for exams. Each exam is 50 multiple choice questions, and he tells you exactly what's going to be on it. His weight system for exams makes it nearly impossible to do poorly. Would take again!
5.0 : I love Dr. Renshaw. He's great to engage with and is caring. His exams are hard.
4.5 : Professor Renshaw is great! He is very interactive and is really passionate about psychology. He gives great examples and when it comes to the tests, he has review slides that correspond with each lecture that tells you exactly what you need to know for the tests which aren't very hard, but studying is essential to doing well. Would recommend!
5.0 : Best professor I have ever taken at Mason. When I took his class I was a business major but I actually ended up changing my major to psychology because I loved his class so much. He is so interesting and I could have sat there all day listening to him. Seriously take his class it will change your life!
5.0 : Renshaw is a great choice.  His lectures are wonderful and he keeps the class intellectually stimulated and ready to learn.  He allows you to skip the final if you do well enough, however I found his exams tough.  He wants you to apply the concepts learned You have to take good notes, his ppts will not be enough.  Didn't use book that much.
4.5 : Renshaw is amazing! His lectures are great and he has a good sense of humor. I found it impossible to be bored in one of his lectures. His tests are a little hard but if you go through the goal slides he provides and study, you should be fine.
4.0 : Very engaging lectures. You have to go to office hours if you don't like your tests score because he doesn't give them back to review them. Optional assignments and research credits make a difference in your grade so DO THEM. Really cool material covered.
5.0 : Dr. Renshaw is so engaging in lecture. I loved his class because he is clearly interested and passionate about his work and kept me interested. The class has 4 exams but only 3 are counted, he offers optional assignments (that basically are just straight extra credit, do them) and you have to do 7 hours of research credits.
2.0 : If you want to fail, you can take him. He just talk but none of his funny talks come into his exams. Most students repeat his course. Do not take him. He will mess up your GPA
5.0 : I'm honestly surprised by the previous couple posts because his exams are very much relevant to his lectures. He only includes his own materials regardless of what the book also talks about (which is a lot). He offers practice problems as extra credit, weigh the exams, plus he always cracks up the class, I don't see how you can't pass this class.
5.0 : She is extremely knowledgeable in everything she talked about and encourages mindful discussions in class. She is well-respected by students and answers any questions. Her lectures are very relaxed, informal, and personal, making it easy to remember information. Her study guides for the exam are the exam itself and offers extra-credit.
3.0 : Her class is called "Law and Justice Around the World", but it should be called "Human Trafficking and Things I've Written". It's clear she cares about student learning, but sometimes she's so eager to listen to students that she allows them to go off on passionate tangents about things unimportant and/or unproductive for the class.
5.0 : While the person below me is right in some aspects, Dr. Kim's class is SO interesting. She's an energetic and passionate professor. The class is enjoyable and she's open to criticism. When discussing/debating in class she forces students to actually THINK. If you have an opinion, you better have a reason and facts behind it. Awesome class
2.0 : You have the option to (1) get published or (2) write a 20 page research paper that Dr. Kim expects excellence in. You also have a final to take shortly after. So heads up.
5.0 : I would advise not missing class, she does a lot of the notes on the board. It's good to have a friend or two to get notes if you miss. Yes, there is a 20 page paper with an optional choice; but honestly, her class was so fun and that it didn't matter. She knows what she's talking about and she respects everyone and their opinions.
5.0 : You earn what you put into class. There is a 20 page paper or she gives you an option to be publish. Yes she tells you to get started day one. She knows what shes talking about and is an expert in Human Trafficking but she gets around the world. May talk about Human Trafficking a bit You will remember the material you go over and expects excellence
5.0 : Very intelligent and caring professor who challenges your way of thinking to broaden your mind. A midterm, 20 page paper and final exam make up 90% of your grade (30% each) so be prepared for that. The paper is due on the last day of class, BUT if you get published anywhere with an article related to any class topic, you get an automatic 100%.
5.0 : She is a great professor, very knowledgeable about Human Trafficking- spent the majority of class learning about it. Participation is essential for class as it will make the class even more enjoyable. She is extremely fair and has the best interest for her students. Op-ed submission will excuse a 20 page paper, submit and get an A for the assign.
4.0 : His lectures rely almost entirely on the book. They can be kind of confusing and he goes through material really quickly. The quizzes are on material you haven't covered yet and they're really difficult. The test are dense with material and super hard. Be prepared to STUDY
4.0 : He's a really amazing professor who clearly knows what he's talking about. Has a good way of explaining concepts. However, the class itself is really difficult, and you won't pass if you skip class. He talks about what will be on the exam during lectures. Also, his tests are very hard, so I recommend studying and coming to every lecture.
4.0 : Get ready to read the textbook. His exams are pretty concept heavy, so understanding his lectures is vital. The powerpoints make no sense without his lecture so record the lecture if you can. Read the textbook and again, concepts are key as his exams are tricky! Go to class, he talks about some of the stuff he's going to put on the exam.
5.0 : Has great class discussions, only one or two tough assignments throughout the semester.
5.0 : I literally wrote a letter begging Richard to get tenure after taking his class. This class inspired my dissertation subject, and Richard made me feel like a true part of the Mason Comm PhD program - he really encourages students to follow their research interests. Super well read and actually does lectures (rare in grad school at Mason).
4.5 : He is a great professor. He teaches out of the book but really cares about what he is teaching. He really appreciates a class that participates in discussion, otherwise, he just lectures and its boring. Gives weekly quizzes out of the book and tests are made up of several short essays. Makes helpful study guides. There is a stressful group project.
5.0 : Had the best lectures I had ever seen. Hilarious and makes the class very engaging.
4.5 : Great teacher, really knows what he is talking about and has a lot of enthusiasm for teaching. DO NOT FORGET TO TAKE THE WEEKLY CHAPTER QUIZZES!!!
5.0 : I took Craig's COMM 350 class in the Spring of 2015. He is honestly an amazing professor. He is great at teaching the material but is also an all around good person. I wish more professors taught like him and had the same passionate attitude. He also treats everyone in the class equally. Thanks Dr. Craig!
5.0 : Professor Craig is the best absolute best professor I have ever had. He is so passionate about what he teaches, and most importantly he is dedicated to his students. There is a midterm and a take home final. You have one group project. If you take him, you will not regret it! You will have the same experience. Thank you Dr. Craig :)
5.0 : Prof. Craig is the best teacher I've had. I took his summer Into to Communications class last summer at NOVA, and was pleasantly surprised at how much I fell in love with his class. We had fascinating discussions everyday. He allows students to speak their minds and tells great stories instead of following a dull textbook. TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
5.0 : Professor Craig is amazing! He counts attendance every single class, but he genuinely makes you want to go to class. Material can be rather interesting and he makes it fun by cracking jokes and encouraging discussion. Weekly quizzes are very, very important and the group project is tough, but manageable. I would definitely take again!
4.0 : He is funny, smart, and cares about the students success. He gives SO MUCH extra credit, so if you do bad on assignment, I wouldn't worry too much.  There is one big group presentation and the rest is responses via black board an essay and a midterm and final.
5.0 : Professor Craig was an very nice guy and knew his material very well. He is very easy going and is always fun in the classroom. Weekly quizzes was due every week but you can take them over again until it is due the Sunday of. Very easy group project and individual final paper for class. He made learning very fun and made students feel important.
4.5 : Him and his co-professor have a lot of experience and make the information very understandable. Make sure you take notes when they tell you to, the midterm and final are no cake walk but as long as you study you'll be fine.
4.0 : She's very knowledgeable in Epidemiology, not so much in health systems
1.0 : She has a quick temper that causes a ripple in lecture. I admit she is a decent person but she does not teach so when it comes to tests and essays many people struggle. She's a tough grader and gives vague responses to questions and gives assignments without making it clear what she's looking for. If your too slow she will leave you behind.
5.0 : He is amazing! I've never met a more passionate professor! He made his classes very interesting and got me very interested in inequality and social justice. He will really make you look at the world differently. He is definitely my favorite teacher. If anyone needs NCC credits, take his courses!
3.0 : Really nice and overall a cool guy, but I not sure I would take him again.
5.0 : I absolutely love Paul's class! I've taken 3 of his courses. He is very passionate about his work and is a huge advocate for each one of his students and wants them to do well! I really appreciate the time he takes to give feedback on paper. While Paul is a very kind-hearted professor, he is not a pushover. You will work for a good grade! :)
5.0 : Very personable professor. Cares about his students' success in the class and is always willing to help out. He encourages class participation so be prepared to speak out in class. He values the opinions of his students which not many professors do at Mason
5.0 : Paul is one of the best professors I have ever had. His classes are interesting and I learned a lot from his classes. His classes are not easy but as long as you work hard, you will be fine. Take him if you are interested in social justice-related issues. Highly recommend.
5.0 : What a great professor and respected activist. He's Fair, lenient, and very chill. His lectures are funny, but inspirational; and he knows what he's talking about. Would definitely recommend any course he's teaching.
5.0 : Great professor! keeps the classes interesting and really got the students involved.  One of the best teachers I've had at Mason.
5.0 : Paul was my first professor here at Mason, and one of the best I've ever had. He is an absolutely wonderful professor and is actually a real teacher. He gives great feedback on papers for the sole purpose of wanting you to succeed. If you work hard and seek help when needed you're almost always guaranteed an 'A'.
5.0 : He's a nice guy, very intelligent and has great passion to his research fields. And he's very patient to students, he'll answer and explain the questions raised up in class or after class clearly. If you're interested in remote sensing related topics, I high recommend his courses.
2.0 : Professor Qu is a really nice guy BUT not a good professor. I could barely understand what he was talking during class. He constantly made grading errors and loved to put questions on quizzes that came from chapters we hadn't covered yet. I felt like I had to teach myself everything with the textbook. If you need to take him, READ THE BOOK!!!
5.0 : Professor Qu is intelligent, extremely helpful, and passionate in his field. I highly recommend him!
5.0 : I'm an international student. I took many courses with Dr. Rahilly because I just keep coming back for more. She's tough with high standards but sweet as any person should be. Dr. Rahilly is one of the most dedicated, devoted, diligent professors I have ever had the privilege to be mentored by. Her class is a true experience not a mere course.
5.0 : Reece is arguably the best teacher at Mason because she wants to help students learn. She's the type of teacher who thrives when her students thrive and she genuinely wants to see everyone succeed. Her class isn't an easy A, you have to work diligently, but no one usually does badly because they fall in love with her class.
4.5 : yes, she is really awesome. patient, fun projects too, she can whip up something amazing in 5 minutes on the screen. also her eyes are beeeyoootiful.
5.0 : Professor Quinones exceeded all of my normal expectations for a graphic design teacher. Taking her class is best described as gaining a mentor, an experience that will further your career as a graphic designer and enhance your overall design skills and process. Without a doubt, highly recommended!
4.0 : There's no Bobbitt for VCU and these reviews match VCU's Bobbitt so... yeah. Easy class, no papers. A couple short assignments but nothing you can't do in an hour. Lectures are BORING but that's only because they're almost three hours. She is funny and very nice. Definitely show up to class and stay. I left early a few times and I regret it.
5.0 : (She teaches at VCU now) This class is pretty easy, as long as you do the readings and come to class. Going to class is important because she'll sometimes show videos or even full movies that will be included on the exams. There are only 3 exams so don't mess up too badly.
4.0 : PARTICIPATION IS A BIG PART OF HIS CLASS! We had no textbooks but did have to read about 6 documents weekly. He assigned 3 SHORT essays about those documents we discussed in class so PAY ATTENTION IN CLASS. Had 2 exams (midterm/final) Which were easy just ask him how you should study for them. Cool professor would take him again.
5.0 : DeSelm is a great professor. He's very funny and cool. In my opinion, it's integral to attend his lecture to learn the importance of the articles. Preparing for tests just require memorization of themes/dates. Overall it's an easy class and DeSelm really wants his students to pass the class.
5.0 : There was no textbook but you will read a few short documents that you can print off of the syllabus. Midterm and final are based off the discussions in class. 3 essays.  Dan is amazing and funny. He really makes boring topics fairly interesting.
5.0 : This is one of the best professors you will ever have. Deselm is an insanely nice person who loves to teach and finds a way to get the students very invested in even the most mundane topics. Tests revolve around topics discussed in the class so show up and participate in discussions and the class will be a breeze.
5.0 : Love Dr. Hartmann. I'd take any class he teaches! Made me love structures and civil engineering.
5.0 : Great professor. Well organized classes. The text is a great help. Homework is from the textbook.
4.5 : This class is a breeze. Quizzes are easy 100's. Exams are pretty easy as well. Class is mandatory but it's not bad. I slept through some classes and still excelled.
1.0 : He is not very helpful.  His quizzes are inconsistent with the material.  In addition, the quizzes are written poorly and easily will affect your final grade.  He lacks the ability to get his point across in a concise manner. Do not take.
5.0 : Her personality is very nice  and kind. The class was fun and there was no presentation except at the end of the semester. Attendance really matters! I would take her class again
5.0 : This class was one of the best and eye opening classes I have ever taken. Rudes is extremely smart and educated in her field. I would take any class she teaches.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor! If you study and do the readings, then you will get an easy A. This course changed my life and has influenced my decision on what I want to do for my future career.
5.0 : Class material is extremely interesting.  However, you won't get a good grade unless you read EVERYTHING and understand the main points and findings.  There's a lot of articles and 2 books assigned.  Quizzes are straight forward (IF YOU READ)...  She's a tough grader on papers and doesn't give feedback unless you ask for it.
5.0 : There isn't enough good things I could say about Dr. Rudes. She is absolutely amazing. No midterm or final, just quizzes, short essays and one paper- all of which are super easy if you read and pay attention. Its difficult to fail, but then again easy if you don't pay attention or do the readings. NO TEXTBOOK! Literally can't say enough good!!!
5.0 : Would take again in a heartbeat! Read assigned readings and pay attention in class. She keeps lecture very entertaining.
5.0 : Four quizzes, lowest one thrown out. No midterm. One paper. Two essays for two books you have to read. Got an A+ in the class with minimal effort. Interesting material, hilarious teacher. Attendance counts, doesn't hold class whole time. If long lecture, usually gives heavy extra credit for staying. Overall, easy class &amp; great professor.
3.0 : If you dont like to read I dont recommend her. You have many weekly articles to read and 2 books to read during the semester. If you dont read you wont pass. There are 4 quizzes on the articles and lectures and 2 essays on the books. Her lectures boring but she usually ends early.
5.0 : Matt is very knowledgeable, caring, funny, and knows the content very well! I actually looked forward to coming to class everyday because he kept everyone engaged and allowed the class to discuss the topics. Yes Matt is cute but he is also brilliant! Totally recommended.  GO To CLASS! STOP WHINING. People who got bad grades did not come to class!
4.0 : Awesome, easy professor who cares about his students.
1.0 : She talks too much and can't make up her mind with anything. She's boring and gets defensive very fast; gets intimidated by guest teachers; she needs a man, that's all she needs.
5.0 : If you want an easy course that is informative but also requires a small workload, 101 is the course for you. The summer session class was a breeze. Reedy is very kind and on your side. Her goal is to teach you about dance and she'll help you do well. There is at least one outside performance requirement so be prepared for that.
5.0 : No tests, just discussion boards, a few one page papers, 3 dance attendance concerts, and a final powerpoint. Overall I spent about one hour per week on this class. It's EXTREMELY easy and you have a lot of time to finish easy assignments. Karen is also SO sweet and helpful. She returns back assignments in a timely manner too! TAKE HER!
5.0 : Professor Reedy is amazing! Her feedback is always so nice, you feel good reading them! The class was easy to navigate, the modules were broken up each week into a different dance topic. You watch a lot of videos about different types of dance. You attend three performances, all of which I enjoyed, and her quizzes are very doable.
1.5 : His style of teaching is horrible. His class is really hard, he is not specific about what is going to be on the test, he expects you to READ SO MUCH, and know EVERYTHING for the exams. Test are SUPER SUPER SUPER HARD. I would recommend another teacher if you can. Trust me, I am not the only one who thought his way of teaching did not help.
3.5 : I took 2 of his classes. He was nice, funny, fair and laid back. You will have to work for your grade though, bc I did a lot of reading and studying to earn my A's. One of the few profs at mason that will treat you like an adult--he said if you don't come to class its ok-- but if you want to learn something you should try to show up.
5.0 : Took the class Spring 2014.  Challenging but Professor Weinstein is clear about what is on the exam if you attend class and pay attention. If you follow up he explains what is required.  He just wants you to learn the material.  By no means an easy A, but a worthwhile course.  One of the best I've taken.  Cases and lectures are very interesting.
3.0 : Yes Prof. Weinstein can be hard &amp; you will read A LOT but he is cool as hell and he's funny. He's a defense atty so I thought his sometimes sheisty outlook was hilarious! I definitely had to get used to the way he teaches, his tests are tough so make sure you ask ?s, study, and take notes. I took 2 of his classes &amp; would take him again if I could.
2.5 : I am happy with my final grade in his class which is a B. HOWEVER, every class was a drag. We would be there from 7:20 pm all the way through 10:01 (no breaks). His lectures were so boring, and I felt that what he would focus on in class was not relevant to the exams. Extra credit helped my grade. Wouldn't take him again or recommend him to anyone.
4.5 : Good lecturer but he's pretty tough! He doesn't accept late submissions and he take attendance every class so be there! Other than that, do your works and you will guarantee with a 'B' at least.
5.0 : I never leave reviews for professors. However, she is amazing! Take her!! She's hilarious, keeps class interesting, and explains things so well.
5.0 : Amazing class, professor, subject. She is HILARIOUS, knowledgeable, kind, and caring. She focuses on the creepy stuff we take the class for. Mini debates (takes 15 mins to prepare prior to presenting), final project is AMAZING (acting out court scene for real cases)! Final paper 12 pgs long but fun/easy to write (topic: lenient). No exams/quizzes.
5.0 : GO DR. GADZ! She's super wonderful and very approachable. Her class is not bad at all as long as you put in the time and effort to study and learn the material. I would take her again if I had the chance. One of my two favorite classes this past year.
4.0 : Basically read off the slides posted on BB. There are 4 exams plus the final, but drops the lowest one. She provided extra credit questions on the exams from information given in lectures.
5.0 : She is AWESOME. If you have to change your schedule around to take her class, do it! It is worth your while for such a great professor. She is hilarious and such a kind woman.
4.5 : Good Professor and class! She puts everything out for you to succeed but the onus is on you. All multiple choice exams. Only time consuming thing is the Psych research credit. Would take again
5.0 : had in a very large class so participation was not needed but lecture was fun and entertaining, tests accurately covered material, would take again for any class
5.0 : Dr. Gadzichowski is a fantastic teacher, probably the best psych teach I've had at Mason. Incredibly engaging &amp; interesting, she keeps class fun &amp; light despite the topic (principles of learning...zzzz!). In class quizzes &amp; exams are *too* easy (wish there was more of a challenge!) Read book, come to class, get A.  Plus she's quite attractive. ;)
5.0 : Dr Gadzichowski is the best psychology professor I had at Mason. I learned more in her 5 week summer class than I often learned in full semester courses. She is hilarious and makes class enjoyable.  Wish I could have taken more courses with her.
3.5 : Preston is the hardest working professor I have ever had, by a long shot. With that said, he is not all that good at teaching because he is INCREDIBLY slow in class/office hours/review sessions. His tests are very hard and I was forced to get help elsewhere. He is a very nice guy but I am unable to rate him highly when his lectures are so useless.
2.0 : I did all of the homework problems he assigned and still got a D. His lectures are not even that helpful. Because of his tough grading I have to retake the class and I can't take my major related classes next semester. His tests are completely different from what he does in class. Study Guides do not help at all. Definitely would not recommend him.
2.5 : Very difficult professor, not clear at all. Makes the tests extremely difficult. Does not make attendence manditory. If you do not have time to spare outside of this clas do not take him. 90% of your free time is spent studying for this class. Is helpful when he wants though
3.0 : STAY AWAY if you are not a natural math whiz. Just ask for his class distribution, people either pass with over 100% or they fail with a D or F. Exams entail few &amp; cumulative Q's -meaning if you cant do part A, there goes part B, C..D &amp; 25% of your exam grade. REALLy nice guy, but he will only cover 1 problem per class, IF that. Must know intuition
5.0 : Preston goes far above and beyond what other math teachers do. He always holds two study sessions before tests so that you can attend whichever one fits your schedule best. Tests are very difficult but doing the homework makes it a lot easier. Great professor and person in general. highly recommend.
3.0 : Extremely helpful one on one but I found lectures were not productive. He spends a lot of time on algebra that students should  be proficient in. He gives tons of extra credit on exams, however the exams are hard. Expect some sort of hard trig function and a graphing problem on every exam. He goes above and beyond by holding extra reviews for exams
5.0 : An amazing teacher, thorough during lecture and provides strong notes. He gives a detailed guide of what to study for each test. Homework is expansive but not graded and most test questions are extremely similar to problems in the homework. He is willing to help students to a great extent.
5.0 : Professor Preston is probably the best professor I've ever had. He goes so far above what is expected of him to help students. He holds review sessions before each exam which were incredibly helpful. I would take him again in a heartbeat.
4.0 : I enjoyed his class a lot, bordered on one of the best math classes I've ever taken. Lots of extra credit on exams, holds extra review sessions outside of class, and is pretty funny. Would recommend for 106.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had, he really knows how to teach and goes at an understandable pace. His tests are fair, he gives study guides, so its on you if you don't do well. He really likes to help students and strives for everyone to succeed. If you put good effort in this class should be a nice B. If you go above and beyond, EASY A. take him.
5.0 : I am a math major so obviously I've dealt with many of the faculty in the math department. HANDS DOWN, HE IS ONE OF THE BEST. Not only is his teaching habits amazing, but he is genuinely a good guy &amp; understands the struggle of being a student &amp; is willing to help them out. Go to class, try, communicate with him, and you are GUARANTEED TO PASS!!
4.0 : Pr.Preston is good professor. If you want get grade in the class, please do all homework problems including even. He only gives odd problems for homework but when you study even problems, it helps in exams. You get extra credit opportunity in each exam, so that plus point. My only suggestion is "Do the freaking homework", its his favorite slogan.
5.0 : Now I may not sound impartial  because I'm a Math Major but he's the best math teacher at GMU. Not only is the way he teach solid, he's willing to go the extra mile. Trust me he's really helpful and considerate of the struggles of a college student.Just go to class, don't be hesitant to ask questions,  and  'Do the freaking homework'
5.0 : I really enjoyed this math class, probably the best math class I have ever taken. His lectures were clear, and if you needed an extra problem or two to understand a concept, he would happily oblige.  He was also willing to work around medical issues and etc. to reschedule tests&amp;exams with students on a case-by-case basis.
4.0 : Good teacher. However, I thought his final was a bit rushed. They should have more adjunct professors like Preston teaching lower-level math courses. They are a good intermediate between high school teachers and associate professors. Not an easy class by any stretch, but he provided a ton of notes and samples which helped a lot.
5.0 : Prof. Preston is awesome, but his pre-calc class isn't easy. He explains material thoroughly and holds extensive reviews, but prepare to put in a significant amount of effort if you want to do well. 4 exams - no calculator, weekly quizzes, attendance not taken but necessary if you want to succeed. You will definitely learn a lot for higher math!
5.0 : Loads of info: handoutsPDFs with HW, examples worked in detail. HW: lots, do most of it. Exams: study guide, study sessions scheduled outside of class (go to 1 per exam), 15 possible pts extra credit built in. Downside: he goes on tangents , never gets through scheduled material on syllabus. Calc3 isn't super easy, do the work and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Great teacher. Even if you struggle in math, it's hard not to pass this class if you go to tutors and his office hours for help.
2.0 : Terribly hard professor for Precalcus. Tests are unnecessarily hard, and questions don't really relate to the homework or online quizzes. Get something wrong and you'll get everything wrong (Part a, b, c, etc. for each problem). I understand college math is harder, but this guy makes stuff harder for no reason! Lectures are long/have no context!
5.0 : Glen Preston is a dime in a dozen! He is always available to help. He creates accurate study guides. He schedules review sessions before exams. He creates step by step solutions for homework problems. He cares so much for his students and its rare to see a professor that doesn't just help you but goes the extra mile to make sure you succeed.
5.0 : good
5.0 : Prof Duarte is very helpful and will answer any questions. The exams revolve around terms/definitions bc she I wants students to do well (no reviews). Don't get the textbook! We didn't reference it whatsoever. Prints out lectures for you. BIG group project (2-3 people). People say to start early, but if you dedicate 1 weekend you'll get it done.
4.0 : I respect Professor Duarte for trying to make class interesting. Her lectures are quick and strait to the point. She doesn't spend the entire class period reading from powerpoint slides, unlike other professors. Make sure to go to class because she does not upload her lecutres, and start working on your group project early, there is a lot to do!
3.0 : The class was very boring. Professor makes the class go by quick as she finishes her PowerPoint in 30 minutes for a 160 minutes class, but because it is so boring it becomes very forgettable. She tries to make the class interesting in the beginning with games, but stops after 4 classes. 3 tests based on PowerPoint and 1 group project.
3.5 : As long as you try you pass. Based off of how hard you try will determine your grade
5.0 : Richard Larsen is one of the best Accounting professors at Mason. He has a very rich work experience and he offers very valuable advises that you can use for your careers. Go to every lecture and  download audios from his blackboards. It helps if you know how to fly fish because it comes up very often.
4.0 : Great Professor. The experiences and the knowledge he has will help you understand Tax. The materials are tough, so don't expect me to say it is easy class or easy A, but he will do anything to make u pass. Study hard and get A on all first three exams he will exempt you form the final. I recommend him.
4.0 : I hate taxes but the professor gives fun and interesting lectures. Definitely keep up with all assignments, at least skim through chapters before class, and study review topics before exams. Connect and Learn Smart problems take time, so try to get those done early.
5.0 : He is the best professor for tax! Really strong understanding of the material and very funny. He also curves everything (tests and assignments) and gives a breakdown of each exam.  If you get an A overall, you can  skip the final.
4.0 : Tax is not easy but Prof Larsen tries to make it as easy as he can. He gives opportunities for extra credit on every exam, participation points are basically points for showing up and paying attention, and if you do well on everything before the final exam you won't even have to give the final. I wish other acct profs could be as chill as him.
5.0 : Just an awesome professor. Easy test and excellent lectures. Always available and willing to help students . He is very old so sometime his voice doesn't reach back of the class.
1.0 : Do NOT take his online course. There are no instructions at all, he steals copyrights from books, does not respond to emails ever, does not grade work (or give feedback), and the "lectures" are nothing but you reading a chapter from a book and posting on the discussion board with no responses.  This class is a waste of your money and education.
4.5 : Professor Scott is great. He gave very interesting lectures, which he ended by playing a John Green Crash Course video related to the lecture. He assigned a couple papers and a final exam. Overall great teacher.
4.0 : Class was very decent, but the lectures were boring. My complaint was the lecture was based on listen and write. Professor Scott does shows up powerpoint, but that's not enough for you to have complete notes. He gives out video and free write assignments every week. There are two paper essays and two exams including final. Exams involves thinking.
4.0 : NOTE: AKA Robin Smith Professor Listokin presents fantastic lectures. She expects a lot out of you but it's worth it. The more you put into class the more you'll get out. There's no book so you must go. Midterm is difficult. Memo assignments are valuable experience.
5.0 : Prof. Pare is the BEST! She is so energetic and really fun. she keeps the class interesting and is laid back. You have to show up to class, and the textbook is used every class, but if you actually try (do the assigned work, make an effort to learn) you're guaranteed a good grade. She offers every opportunity to improve your grades!
5.0 : Professoressa is the BEST. Took her for both 110 and 210 and I highly recommend her to anyone who needs to take a language. She's super funny, and she really cares about all her students. She does give a decent amount of work, but has a very generous late policy, and if you just explain, she will usually just say to get it in as soon as you can.
5.0 : She is the funniest teacher I've ever had.  I had an awesome experience with her.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. I took her for 110 and 210 and would recommend her in a heartbeat! She goes above and beyond to make sure you understand the material. Super funny and makes the class interesting. As long as you put in the effort, she will make sure you get a passing grade. Also hands out study guides for each exam.
5.0 : Prof. Saltzman is an excellent teacher. She is extremely clear in presenting the material, and going over everything until everyone fully understands. Always available to help. There are a lot of tests in the class - thank goodness she prepares you well. She absolutely makes learning a foreign language as painless as possible. Would take again!
5.0 : easy, yet entertaining class. she can be a bit sassy and bit rude at times but overall she is nice. don't talk over her or while someone is speaking and don't have you phone out or anything that doesn't pertain to her class and she'll leave  you alone! great class and professor! don't miss class! you'll learn a lot in her course! textbook required
5.0 : Professor Prudden provides excellent feedback and is very knowledgable in the social work field. She is one of those professors that truly cares about helping her students and wants them to succeed. I have taken two classes with her and would definitely take another one. All of the students really respect her as their professor.
4.5 : Very organized. Keeps everyone involved in the lectures. She is a tough grader, but in a good way. She challenges you because she knows you can do well. Responds to emails in a timely manner. She is very willing to answer questions and clarify stuff. Absolute recommend her. You gotta work for the A, but you learn so much from her.
5.0 : Ms. Prudden is a very wise professor and you will learn a lot about social work if you take this course. She is very strict with work, and the expectation for you to turn it on time. She doesn't really take excuses for late work. ATTENDANCE is mandatory, if you don't go it will 99% lower your final grade. Class is fun, just do the work.
3.5 : She's a good teacher but can be a tough nitpicky grader. She's good at what she does but can be a little sassy at times which is annoying. She is strict but I guess it's because she cares
4.5 : Professor Prudden's 311 class was easy an interesting.
5.0 : She is very strict and professional , she will cut off points even if it is 3 minutes late but over all easy grader no tests :D Great professor , she loves what she does  Attendance is important , so is doing your work on time
5.0 : Professor Prudden, expects her students to be on time and to have completed their homework, just as is required in a real job. She wants her students to be successful but expects them to do their best. She is always available to answer questions and is very responsive to emails.
3.0 : She just reads from the slides and you really don't have to come class to do well. However, she uses a class participation app for extra credit. She takes points out for not following the format of the grading criteria for the research paper. I don't think she ever read what was on those papers. She only looked at the format of the paper, reference
5.0 : Instructor did an outstanding job. Slides well structured, good examples to demonstrate. Created a very nice webpage, and new SharePoint addition to the lesson plan is awesome!  Learned how to create/manage a SharePoint web-application. Instructor is very nice, always answers email fast to help you. Take this class, you will not be disappointed.
5.0 : Very responsive to student needs and pretty well versed in the subject. Her work history is impressive enough to make her respectable, but in now way pretentious. Would definitely take her again.
4.0 : At the beginning of the class, he stated there would be constant quizzes. We had 1 or 2 throughout the semester. His lecturing can be a little monotonous and he does take attendance! I would recommend because he is super chill and a fair grader. Just a research paper that is due same day as final but easy to do!!
4.0 : Knowledgeable about the subject. He has interesting lectures and it is not hard to pay attention if you enjoy the subject. But philosophy is not for all and some may have to focus harder. Grade consists of participation, midterm, final, and term paper. He has a dry sense of humor and can be very amusing.
4.5 : I don't know is attendance is mandatory since I showed up anyways, but honestly if you show up and take notes in the class you don't even have to do the readings. His lectures cover everything on the tests and he is a generous and easy grader. Prof. Sanders is very nice and funny so I recommend.
4.5 : A few years ago I dropped the class after syllabus day for fear of his first lecture. That was a mistake. I took him this year and learned that he is a great teacher and a fair grader. I got an A this year without too much effort. His lectures cover everything that you need to know for the tests and the research paper can be on a topic of choice.
5.0 : I loved Professor Sanders' class! Even when the material itself wasn't the most interesting, he made it fun to learn about. He is incredibly smart and I found him hilarious. Tests aren't easy, but he curves them. I really enjoyed taking his class, and I hope that I get the opportunity to take a class with him again.  Definietly take him if you can!
5.0 : Professor Smythers was an amazing professor. Although, her exams were tricky most of the time especially on the multiple choices. The short answer were very easy &amp; her lectures are pretty decent.
5.0 : Dr. Esposito -Smythers is an amazing professor. She is very caring and extremely knowledgeable. The grade comes from 4 exams (drops 1), 2 article reviews which are straight forward and very rewarding but you need  put forth the effort on them, and one 4 in class group discussions. I strongly recommend her. Text book is not really required.
5.0 : This will go down in my college career as probably the most useful course I've taken.  As an IT student, yes it is important to learn the textbook terms and functions of Information Technology, but professor Young tells it to you straight.  You will learn real world networking concepts and not just book material, coming from someone in the industry
5.0 : If you're a senior at GMU, I definitely recommend that you take this class! Guest lecturers were brilliant! You learn how to write a proper cover letter/resume, how to deliver an elevator pitch, and there are plenty of exercises to help strengthen your interview skills. Prof. Satyshur is a genuine guy and he really thrives to help his students!
4.0 : You will write A LOT. Brian is very clear in his expectations/grading and helpful if you want to be a better writer overall but you have to put in the work for a good grade. Participation in discussion board questions/responses is important. Assigns a lot of smaller writing assignments that help you stay on top of the major papers.
5.0 : Prof Fitzpatrick is great!  His assignments are very clear, and he will meet with  you to work on whatever you need help with.  He is the most helpful professor I've had at GMU!  He wants you to succeed, but it isn't a free ride.  Very easy B+ or A if you put in some work!
4.0 : This was by far one of the most stressful and time consuming college courses I have ever taken, but I learned a lot. Prof. Fitzpatrick clearly cares about the assignments and the success of his students. He regularly encouraged one-on-one sessions and provides useful feedback. Could be a little quicker returning grades, but that's my only critique.
5.0 : I worked hard on every paper, but got As, so its hard to say if he is easy or not.  Dont confuse feedback with grade - it felt like he was holding me to very high standards in the feedback on our first paper, but I still received a 96 on it.  He is great to talk to outside of class, and I might visit his office hours again even in future semesters.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Easy grader and made class pretty entertaining. He appreciates class participation so just show up and answer some questions/ be involved in the conversation and you'll do fine. I got A's on every paper I wrote and put no more that 3 hours effort into any one of them.
4.0 : Class was pointless but prof was not bad. Cons: too much work due w short amt of time, not clear rubric, hands in papers late so can't improve on next papers Pros: no txtbks to buy, grades little leniently but u need to do everything he asks for , responds to u fast, nice. Just do all reading,participation,easy quizzes as well to get solid A
5.0 : Prof. Fitzpatrick is stellar. I've had some awful, vague professors who grade subjectively at GMU before.  Brian is not one of them. He is concise, extremely clear, and his feedback is timely and helpful. He's always positive, he WANTS you to succeed. You have to do the work and think, but he gives detailed assignment prompts to help you do well!
4.0 : He wants his students to succeed and has office hours that benefit full time and part time students, which is a major advantage in my opinion.  His feedback on papers is helpful and clear, points out the good and bad so you can become a better writer.  5 papers total, one of which is done after the 4th one is completed.
5.0 : Mr. Fitzpatrick is an awesome professor! Do not hesitate to take his online class he's very clear with everything for the class. There were 3 major essays (first two you can revise), homework assignments, and group work. He's very helpful with feedback and responds fast with emails. If you're terrible with English then take him he will help you!
4.0 : Great professor! Very helpful when it comes to the 3 major essays. Go to his office hours and come to class with any questions. With each essay there's a very easy reflection (which is just answering 3 questions/you must hit the word count to get full credit). Small group activities for participation points. Also a few pop quizzes but are open note
5.0 : Best stats class you will ever take. She is extremely clear and will give you everything you need to succeed. Statistics used to make me very anxious, but Leah has given me a new appreciation for it!
5.0 : Dr. Adams is wonderful! She uses lots of real world/pop culture examples/pictures in her lectures. It's clear she knows Statistics very well, and genuinely cares that her students learn it too. She is available outside of class and is a very fair grader.
5.0 : This class is not easy but it's not super hard. Show up to class and pay attention. He tells you what he thinks is important and that's usually what is on the test (which are both open note). I would recommend studying a little bit so you don't run out of time during the test. Do the homework and you are guaranteed a good grade on those as well.
4.0 : Prof. Resmini is really nice, willing to help, knows and explains his stuff. However, the class itself is very difficult, unless you have previous experience. Don't take this class, it is very technical, boring,  and talks a lot about light and remote sensingphotography. He gives out homework almost every week, his mid term and final r open book.
5.0 : Ron is a really great guy and you can tell he cares about his students. He was super lenient with grading and due dates and asked us multiple times if we wanted another week to do our homework. Only problem I had was that his lectures were kinda boring but you can tell he is knowledgeable about the subject.
4.0 : His lectures lack enthusiasm but he is knowledgeable in his field. Do not buy the textbook, he posts all of his lectures on blackboard and reads directly from them. Showing up to class is not essential however, some content on the test are in his lectures and not in the Powerpoints.
5.0 : He was great and he cared. He knew I was going through some family trouble and always went out of his way to ask me how everything was going. Also, asked other students to send me their notes to help me out from missed class.  He is experienced and VERY passionate.  He is EASY and you learn! 3 quizzes and 2 tests that are easy if you pay attention!
4.0 : One of the easiest classes i've ever taken. Midterm and Final are both open notes, and the exams come straight from his power points, which he doesn't post. Go to class and copy verbatim off of the slides. You're good to go. He shows a lot of interesting videos. Definitely REcommended!
4.0 : I never show up to class unless there is a quiz. I mean I am not doing too bad given I never come, but he doesn't make the material fun. He's a super nice guy though, and he is caring, and he gives study guides. You just have to do well on Two Tests and Three Quizzes. I am not a good test taker so I got a B.
4.5 : Easy class as long as you pay attention in class and study the powerpoints. DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK! He teaches straight out of it and the information is in the slides. Two tests (midterm and final) and 3 quizzes, but he only counts the best two. He gives two extra credit worksheets with 5 points towards each exam. Good guy with lots of experience!
5.0 : Professor Byers was one of my favorite professors this semester.  He is a really interesting person with lots of cool stories to tell.  He has so much experience in the field (retired secret service agent) If you go to class and keep up with the readings, you'll get an A.  I definitely recommend that you take his class
3.5 : Robert Byers gives lectures that are very informative, but also very dull. The material is very clear, and there are no surprises on tests or quizzes that he gives. Going to class is helpful but not mandatory. As long as you study the power point presentations he posts on blackboard effectively, you should do fine in the class.
2.0 : Very boring lecturer. Class material is super dry. There are 2 exams worth 80 percent and 3 exams worth 20 percent. He gives study guides. Just study the powerpoints. Got the book and never opened it.
4.0 : Easy professor, two exams, no papers, no group projects, extra credit is two movies and gives a worksheet you fill out, do not buy book, all information is in the power points he post on blackboard, all information is posted on bb, there are 5 quizzes, he does drop the lowest quiz grade, but DO study for the quiz, gives reviews for test n quizzes
5.0 : Such an inspiring professor, he really encourages you to think for yourself and develop opinions. I strongly recommend taking this class with prof Byers. I learned so much, critical thinking and looking at the bigger picture of current events. Such an enriching class.
5.0 : He was really nice and cared about students. There are many chances for extra credit.
5.0 : Such a knowledgeable professor, he is very intelligent and so insightful. I loved his class so much and I learned so much. If you're interested in DHS definitely take his class he will develop youre critical thinking skills and if you came to learn you will gain so much from him! Such a great professor.
5.0 : I really enjoy having professor Byers. Attendance isn't mandatory, and he does provide slides online to Blackboard. His classes are entertaining though, I do enjoy going to class for a 9 am. There is extra credit, and he's likes what he teaches, always a good thing!
4.0 : Had a few tests. If you show up and pay attention you will be fine. He goes over the questions on exams. Very knowledgable of the intelligence community. Recommend him
4.5 : Professor Byers is one of the best. He is very clear during his lectures because he mostly reads of the power points. He didn't take attendance  You don't have to read the book, most to all test material is in his power points and his lectures, so I suggest you go to class.  2 exams, some quizzes with study guides.  easiest class I've taken.
4.0 : Professor Byers is a really great professor. He definitely knows how to explain concepts and makes the lectures dynamic with videos. However, it is easy to get distracted from his lectures since he has a soft voice. Other than that, the class itself is not hard to pass. Just show up, study, and you'll pass without a problem.
4.0 : Interesting class for Criminology majors, a lot of useful information. Professor is very knowledgeable about the subject. Grading consists of 2 exams and 3 quizzes.
3.5 : The class itself isn't bad. He provides powerpoints, makes lectures fun, gives the same format for quizzes and gives study guides for the two exams. Everything was as expected except you must show up for class. He will take points off randomly at the end if you don't show up every class
5.0 : FANTASTIC TEACHER. He's funny, insightful and an overall great guy and teacher. Class can be challenging, but he's always there to help you in his class (and other classes if you ask nicely). Absolutely no complaints
4.0 : Great guy. Very helpful and when you ask for assistance, he explains things well. Lectures are organized and the class discussions are excellent. Others keep saying he's tough but I find that if you study PowerPoints a lot &amp; read the book, there's no reason not to do well. There is plenty of HWquizzes though. And exams do have short answer.
5.0 : I heard he is very good, so I took his section. He is really very good. If you attend  classes and read the book, you can do very well. I learned a lot about networks and security. He is organized and makes everything clear.
5.0 : Excellent prof that really goes out of his way to help his students.  He's regularly avail on campus, even on weekends! ( I think he LIVES on campus.)  Class HW is easy and don't need the book.  Read and study the slides and you'll do fine.  The fill in the blanks are hard as hell.  Final was tricky but he curves. Certif. is diff story though
5.0 : Very smart and funny. One of the best.
5.0 : I learned a lot in this class without stressing myself insane. Prof. explains everything clearly, and very funny. He is always available to help students.
4.5 : You can not go wrong with professor Sanyal. I' m tracking A because he never turned me down whenever i have a question. I had no knowledge of computer world before this class. because the encouragement he provides to every one, i would go as far as i can with this field. Awesome professor. If you don't like him, leave the ISOM field.
5.0 : I feel like I learned a lot in this class. The professor made the classes interesting. There are lot of things to remember but professor explained everything clearly. Take any class he teaches.
4.5 : Prof Sanyal gives you everyhing you need to succeed. Adequate assignments, quizzes and 2 exams. Combination of multiple choice, fill-in-the blank and short answer. He is really practical and always helpful. He puts so much technical jargon into laymans terms that are easily understood. A  class that doesn't stress yourself out but teaches you alot
5.0 : Professor Sanyal is a great data analytics professor.
5.0 : I've never written any comment here but I feel I have to write one for Prof. Sanyal. He is extremely engaging, organized and has a great sense of humor. I feel I learned so much about data analytics in few short weeks. Thank you professor.
4.0 : Great professor for a challenging class. You'll learn a lot, and he's always willing to help. The quizzes are challenging but overall its a great class you'll learn a lot from.
5.0 : Prof Mallett is amazing. She knows her stuff and can relay the information to her students with ease. She isn't there to nitpick what you do wrong but help point out what you did right. Lectures are straight forward, the readings are easy, and the homework is everything you go over. She is also an easy grader, again giving you points for effort.
5.0 : If you choose not to show up or sleep through class, your goose will be cooked. Be prepared to discuss the topics civilly or the hammer will fall.
5.0 : Outright she is an awesome teacher! Her grading is incredibly easy, but you still learn a lot! She's nice and very willing to help; definitely one of my favorite professors of all time! In her 210 class now, and she's still awesome as ever.
5.0 : One of the coolest profs I've ever had. She's honestly so nice and funny. Just wants everyone to do well. If you come to class and simply try, you can get an A no problem whatsoever.
5.0 : She rocked, one of my favorite professors at Mason. I will build my schedule around her next class to take it again. She has great stories, and all she expects you to really do is just try.
5.0 : Prof. Guglielmi is a wonderful professor.  I'll be taking her next semester and would love to continue doing higher classes with her for the rest of my time at Mason.  She cares about students and does /everything/ possible to make sure that they get good grades.  There is some effort that's expected but she knows who tries and rewards accordingly.
5.0 : Prof. Guglielmi is an incredible teacher! I am amazed by how easy and smooth she makes it for students to learn Russian, despite its reputation as one of the most difficult languages in the world to learn. Her energy is infectious, and her enthusiasm makes every class exciting. Definitely worth taking her class.
5.0 : Prof. Evan Kleiman is extremely knowledgable. I would definitely take his class again, and I'm looking into taking another of his. He is super friendly and takes his work very seriously, but also has a very casual demeanor.
3.5 : I really enjoyed her class! I definitely learned a lot in here class while learning more useful skills! Highly recommend her!
5.0 : Amazing!!! If you don't take her for 303, shame on you. She is one of the nicest &amp; smartest professors in the comm. department. She tries really hard to get to know students and is very fair with grades. You won't want to skip class because she makes everything exciting &amp; she enjoys students who try. Turn assignments in on time and you'll get an A!
4.0 : Prof Jannery is pretty cool. I'm not a journalism major or interested in it in all, but even so it was pretty easy. Only thing that sucked was that there were only like 3 assignments for my semester: AP style test, PR project, and Blog assignment. If you mess up on one you can really screw yourself over. They are easy though. I'd take her again.
4.0 : Professor Jannery is great. If you come to class, do your assignments on time and show that you put effort into them you and her will have no problem. She is realllly big on turning things in on time. Her projects are fun and her only test she lets you use your textbook! She's great, definitely recommend
5.0 : Professor Jannery does not take crap from anyone. That being said, she's one of the best people to learn journalism from because she doesn't sugar coat things but she also wants you to succeed. She has experience in the field and treats you like a real journalist.
5.0 : Professor Jannery was awesome! She is sweet and encouraging and wants the best for her students. If you correctly follow her instructions for the projects and put your best effort, there's no reason why you should not pass without an A. The projects weren't incredibly hard either. This is a great class to dip your feet for Multimedia Journalism.
5.0 : There was no option for COMM 203 (my prev class)! Professor Jannery is the best teacher at GMU. If you plan on being a journalist, take her courses! There are NO tests or quizzes, but there is a decent amount of writing and field reporting. She calls us "student journalists," and you will interview people just like how journalists do in real life.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Mason. Be prepared, she isn't afraid to call anyone out and you can't bs your way around her but despite how scary she may seem, she genuinely wants every student to walk out with an A. You have to show up to class and you have to do the work, but her lectures are fun. She makes the class enjoyable to go to!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors to take at Mason! She's passionate, caring but tough and makes you work for your grades. I feel as if I always learn so much about journalism in her classes. Take her if you have the chance!
5.0 : Amazing professor! She cares so much about her students and she is so personal as well as easy to talk to.  She takes you out of your comfort zone so you can better yourself as a writer and a college student. Take this professor any chance you can!!!
5.0 : She is one of the best professor, I love her style of teaching. She is very caring, smart and knowledgable. The assignments are very helpful it is not only for grade but learning as well. Just turn in your homework on time and if have any problems with turning homework late, discuss it with her ahead of time. She is the best, I highly recommend her
5.0 : Professor Jannery is absolutely amazing! She really knows the journalism world all around and does her best to educate her students. She will always offer helpful feedback, whether it's praise or constructive criticism. She does her best to help students personally, whether it's with an internship, job, or building a connection. Take her class!
5.0 : For me is the best ever Professor that I have had!
5.0 : She is the nicer professor at Mason. However, she will make you work for the grade. Not late assignments, be ready for class and follow the syllabus. Writing is important to be ready. Communication is important as well. She offers lots of feedback. Worries about students. Finally, not traditional blackboard professor. She is most experience on.
4.0 : She is a really nice professor who genuinely cares about you. She never accepts late work. For most of the classes she's gonna have guest speakers come and speak about journalism, but for some classes she's gonna make you do group projects. Overall, take her if you know you're not gonna skip class.
4.0 : After finally declaring my Comm major my sophomore year, I decided to take Intro to Journalism with one of the most respected COMM professors at Mason. Although a little intimidating at first, Beth Jannery genuinely wants everyone to become the best journalist they can be. Very inspirational and great class discussions. Remember deadlines.
3.0 : Your grade boils down to a few writing assignments, none longer than a group 650 word article. The feedback was helpful, though you had to talk to her in person if you wanted to figure out what the feedback actually meant. Often hard to understand what she wanted. I got an A, but it was a stressful A.
5.0 : He is a great guy. If you try, he will give you a grade and he will keep pushing you cause he can see potential. His assignments do not cost a lot of money, you can find everything you need at the thrift store and in the art classes. Super nice guy!
5.0 : Tom is awesome professor and human being. I would highly recommend his class to anyone. You don't have to be an art major to have fun and it isn't a lot of work outside of class. Assignments are pretty open ended. He's willing to negotiate if there is something you really want to do and if he believes in your idea.
5.0 : Haneen is amazing! Had her for Psych statistics Lab. Very clear, makes sure students understand material. Is approachable, gives grad school advice as well. Take her!
5.0 : Greatest professor I've had at the School of Public Policy so far.  Amazing professor.  Highly recommend that you take a class with him.  Any class.  20 years in the Army and then 20 years with Rand corporation.  Adjunct professor.  He's done it all.  One of the best professors I've ever had (undergrad and grad both together)
5.0 : She is the most thorough professor ever. Really great at explaining the tougher concepts. Provides great feedback and is willing to spend extra time to ensure that you learn the material. Is available after class so you can study the bones. She is not boring at all, the very opposite. Best lab instructor ever!
5.0 : Honestly the best professor at mason! I'm sad to see her leave but honestly she cared so much for her students and made sure our quizzes were graded fairly. She took the time to go over all the muscles and bones which no other teacher has done that as far as i know. Take her if she ever comes back, she is the best!!!
5.0 : Very interesting class. The professor is very passionate about material. Willing to help students, and gives good lectures. Reading the text is highly recommended. Coursework is not too demanding.
4.0 : Prof. Morse is absolutely amazing, Took this class partially due to psych major and partially  just flat out interested. Not disappointed. She has the utmost respect for her students no matter the age. Encourages discussion, great sense of humor that keeps the class going. Textbook recommended if you want to do well on exam. Generous essay grading.
5.0 : Dr. Morse made death interesting and comfortable to discuss.  She was supportive, creative, and engaging. I learned a lot in the class, not only about how death affects us, but also what some of my own preferences are, and lessons sparked important conversations with family. This class should be required, we tend to avoid talking about it today.
5.0 : Her classes are awesome! She explains the material in a way that everyone can understand and keeps you interested. Love her. Would take her classes anytime!
5.0 : Interesting classes with guest speakers, video and slides as well as lectures.
5.0 : Rebecca is amazing! After having her for more than one class, it is super clear that it doesn't matter what the subject matter is in- the lecture is going to be incredibly interesting. She also really cares about her students and wants to see them do well. As long as you keep up with the textbook readings and attend lecture the class is a breeze!
4.5 : Morse is one of the best teachers i have had. Her teaching style is very different than your typical lecture courses. She is very helpful and always responds to emails promptly. I wish there was another course I could take with her. (The finals can be difficult if you fall behind on your readings/powerpoints, wouldn't recommend skipping class)
5.0 : Prof. Morse is awesome. She does give A LOT of readings and long videos to watch each week but can do fine if you just skim them. Just answer the questions she asks you to answer. Overall she gives great feedback and is super nice! I was scared of taking a 400 level class online at first but she made it enjoyable ! Take her!
5.0 : she's very knowledgeable and responds to students efficiently. a lot of work for essay portion during exams, but they help you learn the material better. her teaching is very straight-forward. each question follows the chapter in the book, so no need to worry about searching for the answer.
5.0 : I've taken a few courses with Rebecca and have loved every one of them! She is clear, helpful, lenient, and passionate about the material. I would recommend any class taught by her.
5.0 : Took her during a Study Abroad Psych 405 course in Rome. She is amazing, passionate, and excited about teaching. Her lectures are more conversational; the more you interact the better the experience. I will definitely take a class with her again! Truly makes learning fun!
4.0 : Great Professor, very smart and caring. Class was online so the grade came from 16 Discussion posts and one project, that was very useful and everyone got credit for it as long as you did it. It was and Advance Directive. I would definitely take her class again.
5.0 : Rebecca is an amazing professor and is by far one of the best Psychology professors at Mason, take her if you can! You won't regret it!
5.0 : Dr. Morse is amazing.  She wants her students to pass and gives great feedback on assignments she assigns.  Usually with online courses teachers are lazy to grade and read.  You know how they make you do discussion, but you feel like they never read it?  She actually reads your comments and gives you feedback.  She is a fair and good grader.  TAKE!
5.0 : He is a great professor, definitely the one to take if you can. Mason does not have the best math professors, however Mendelson is great. He had Saturday office hours before the last two exams to help us prepare for it. His tests are hard but he is willing to explain things over and over again just to make sure you get it. He cares about his studen
4.5 : I had Mr. Mendelson as my TA for my MATH113 class and he was a life-saver. He's very clear with the way he teaches and happily will take questions. He's a great guy!
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have had. Made Calc one very easy and clear. Great lectures. Really cared about his students and if they pass which seems to be rare now. Highly recommend taking him if you can!
5.0 : SAM, THE MAN, THE LEGEND. You want this guy as your math professor. He is so fair and clear with everything surrounding his class structure. He'll help you out with anything you don't understand. He'll teach you everything you'll need in an easy, digestible way. If you want a professor who's a human and is there for you, take him. Must-have teacher
3.0 : If you are looking for an organized professor with a structured class and clear cut expectations, don't take Sam.  He arrives late, takes forever to get back assignments, and doesn't use BB at all.  Tests are not terrible but they are definitely difficult. He also uses whiteboards to lecture in a 100+ class so be prepared to squint. Nice guy though
5.0 : BEST.MATH.TEACHER.IN.THE.WORLD. If anyone thinks this dude can't teach, then I don't know who can!
4.0 : This class was extremely difficult for me. But I think Mendelson was the best teacher for this course. He tried to make it less hard for us and gives lots of partial credit, but you need to put in a lot of effort inside and outside class if you want that A. Only downside is that he's slow at grading so you don't really know where you stand
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had. Take him!!!!
5.0 : Sam is awesome. He understands math and is able to teach it really well. Used the department standard textbook for the course, and had no problem calling it out on issues. Assigns homework from the book, and answers questions during lecture. He makes the course relevant to your major through examples, exams are very fair. Quiz every week. He cares.
5.0 : Took summer section, so long lectures. Had a break during lectures, and we voted to shorten lunch break. Will go over material repeatedly, shaped office hours to fit the class needs. Will go over material from Calc 1 if you don't understand something. 3 tests only (it is summer after all), makes sure we can do problems. AWESOME at explaining stuff.
5.0 : He is extremely helpful!!! literally the best professor in the entire GMU!
1.5 : avoid him if you want to learn. his tests are nothing like the homework or the class notes.
5.0 : Down to Earth guy, makes Calc 2 actually understandable. If you go to class and do worksheets, that's an easy grade bump right there. No need for textbook. His worksheets, homework, and tests are hard, but he gives that sweet sweet partial credit. He's always willing to answer your dumbest question, like if you have no idea how to start a problem
5.0 : Sam is a great professor and very clear in his expectations. Show up, do the work, and don't waste time trying to take shortcuts or cheat. He is a nice guy, friendly, and elucidates the material very well so lectures aren't torture. LOTS of examples.  If you don't get a good grade, it's probably not Sam's fault - calculus isn't for everyone!
5.0 : An AMAZING teacher. He is soooooooo helpful/ nice/ understanding and he can make all of the hard content seem like something we can understand! I wish he could teach all the hard math classes. Trust me, take this class.
5.0 : I had the hardest time in Calc I and was really nervous about taking Calc II. Sam was really helpful and patient and really understood the way we learn. He would lecture, then give us worksheets to do in class, which was nice so that we could ask him questions questions. Also, his practice exams were hard, but prepared you for the exams.
5.0 : He's the best professor
5.0 : Best Math Professor I had at Mason. What's great about him is that he only does examples in class and does not waste time on unnecessary stuff such as proofs or theories. He only teaches the stuff that he is going to test on. He also explain how to approach examples in a very clear way. Highly recommended
5.0 : Really great professor who cares about his students and makes sure everyone understands him.  He gives partial credit on all tests and quizzes which really boosted my grade.  Math is not my thing but I was able to understand everything and get a good grade.
5.0 : Sam is the greatest professor at Mason. I am literally the WORST at math, and he helped me immensely. His tests are a little difficult, but compared to other professors at Mason, they make more sense. He will make you want to do well in his class, simply because he really does care. Mason is crazy if he isn't hired fulltime Hes the best of the best
5.0 : Sam is a professor who could probably teach a 5 year old Calculus. He really puts an effort to ensure all his students understand the material and is very clear when teaching. Exams aren't easy, but he does a lot of worksheet and practice problems in class. Definitely take him if you have the chance!
2.5 : worst teacher ever ! his tests are so hard ! nothing like HW or notes !  his teaching style is good but his exams are extremely hard . Do not take his class if you want to pass . the people who said his exams are easy , that is because their major is math ! so for sure they will find it easy otherwise you will fail the class !
5.0 : Great Guy
5.0 : Good lecturer, very good at explaining things. Stays after in office hours to help students understand the material better. Fair grader, would take again.
3.0 : Great lectures! She has forensic career experience, so she had all kinds of photos and case studies for the class' viewing pleasure. She was also super informative and sweet. There are a lot of short little in-class group activities which aren't bad, plus you get candy for participating. Just take your notes and study and you'll do great.
5.0 : Excellent professor with real world experience!  She has very informative lectures with personal anecdotes and stories from her time as a CSI.  Amazing intro course into Forensic Science.
4.5 : You don't need to use the textbook; she covers all the material on her exams in class.  Class attendance is a MUST-- it's 25% of your grade.  She's an easy Professor and very interesting.  Her experience as a CSI in a police department makes for some interesting case studies in class!
5.0 : awesome professor, fun and easy class.
3.0 : Great guy! Easy class and easy A.
2.0 : Some slides are messed up , some problems are hard to understand since the slides are wrong, midterm wasnt too hard, but final was harder
5.0 : Professor Mishra is the most organized professor you'll ever meet. He's reachable and approachable inside and outside the class. He also provides practical insights about the subject.
4.0 : You should have some interest in project management to absorb the class. Prof Mishra is a really good professor, he treats the class more like an executive MBA class which is good preperation for post-grad work . Particpation is highly recommended and make sure to ask meaningful and relevant questions. Probably one of the better prof to take OM 493
4.0 : OM 301 was not a good class for me. However, Prof. Mishra made this class very easy to understand. He not only explains the material well in class, but goes above and beyond when you need help. Dont understand something? Go to his office hours. Will provide advice on future careers and help you out! best 400 level teacher. Very memorable! Take him!
4.0 : Professor Schneider is extremely knowledgeable and kind, but he would be far more effective if he restructured his lecture format.  He sits behind a desk and talks non-stop without power point or other visual aid. As a result, there was always less than half the class in attendance and students who did attend were completely disengaged.
5.0 : Prof. Schneider was the best professor I have ever had. He was an amazing instructor for the GOVT synthesis course. Wrote a few papers, I did  1 short class presentation- so easy, but I learned a lot. Go to class, because he notices when you do and when you participate. I would take him again, hands down! TAKE HIM!!!!
5.0 : Highly recommend Professor Schneider to anyone. He was a CNN Political Analyst for 20 years and really knows his stuff. Fair, moderate, and bipartisan in class discussing many issues. Really interesting class and great professor.
5.0 : I mean it when I say this, he is the most amazing, caring and knowledgeable professor I have ever come across! He made coming to a night class so worth it, also very easy A. Only two essays and a presentation. I truly enjoyed listening to him lecture, he is so insightful, DO NOT MISS THE OPPORTUNITY TO TAKE HIM!!!
5.0 : Such an amazing and interesting professor,he breaks big topics into a main point and build on it , very helpful teacher in lab. He is well prepared for each lab with a straight to point quizzes. He helps his students with infinite care and want to make sure they digest the material . Great teacher A+++.
5.0 : Dr. Munse is the man. Anatomy lab is already crazy hard, and he tries his best to let you know what to expect on the standardized quizzes, which is a new policy adapted since last semester. He really does care about the students and is very informative and helpful. I don't know why he isn't teaching lecture, cause he'd be really good at it.
5.0 : Dr. Munse is a great guy. He really wants you to do well in the course and will do everything in his power to make sure that you do. I truly believe he should be teaching the course and not just lab because he knows the subject matter very well. He makes sure you understand everything that you're quizzed on, including the bone/muscle practical.
5.0 : What a great professor, seriously is there for you whenever you need help, explains the material for lab very well so when Tondi discusses it in class it is great review. Tondi talks to him a lot and gives him tips and tells us what will most likely be on the quiz. Only downside is it's so late at night but it is worth it with him!
5.0 : Munse's awesome. Lectures well/quick w/ some tips to know which makes it easier when we go over it again in lecture. Phones are hostages only during the quizzes. Has his W class where u can study bones/muscles if u don't wanna come in on a F (helpful to go in for those as the ppts aren't helpful w/ identification). Def makes Monday nites bearable.
4.0 : I loved Jimmy! He was such a great teacher! He was always there for you and gave out study guides for the quizzes. Plus, he was cute lol.
5.0 : General Hayden is the best professor at SPGIA.  Former 4-star Air Force General and also Director of the CIA and NSA, he knows what he is talking about when discussing intelligence.  The TA, on the other hand, is very unhelpful and makes your life more difficult in writing papers rather than helping you.
5.0 : One of the best professors at George Mason's School of Policy, Government and International Affairs (SPGIA).  Former 4-star Air Force General, Director of the NSA, Director of the CIA, there's no one that knows as much about intelligence as General Hayden.  Highly recommend taken any class with him.  His classes are one of the most popular to take.
5.0 : Superb Professor.  GMU needs more quality teachers like Professor Deitz.  He engages each students in a respectful way and challenges all.  Be sure to complete your reading assignments.
5.0 : He really cares about his students. Extremely knowledgable on foreign intelligence. I got an A on his midterm, he still challenged me to do better. It's in your benefit to go to every class, as he does take attendance, but every class is interesting and always seemed to go by fast. If he taught any other undergraduate classes I would take him again
5.0 : In-class midterm and in-class final. They are both essay style tests that are based on intelligence scenarios. As long as you write with proper grammar and make a thoughtful and cogent argument, then you will do well. He is among my favorite professors I have ever had at Mason. He's also hilarious. Take him!
5.0 : This was the best class I have taken so far in my academic career! Deitz is hilarious and if you don't like sarcasm don't take is class! For every exam he give you about half a page of feedback. If you do the readings and come to class you won't fail, and there is very little readings. If you want to have fun and take an interesting class, take it!
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had. It's very apparent that he loves teaching and cares about his students. He was always willing to meet with me outside of class and wanted me to succeed. He comes at things from a center-right position, but is respectful of everyone. Class is lively and fun.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite professor. EXTREMELY sarcastic and wonderful sense of humor. Encourages students to think to make strong, logical arguments. He reminds me of a cliche law school professor. Midterm/final  essays based around your critical thinking skills. Put thought into your writing and you'll do great! He really wants you to succeed!
5.0 : Fantastic Professor!  Worked in the CIA and NSA in senior legal positions!  He is not an academic and brings real world experience into his classes!  His classes are "Liberty Hall" as he describes, where students can share whatever they think on any issue.  Really great discussions each class.  He is absolutely hilarious as well.  Highly recommend.
5.0 : Everything positive written here about Mr. Deitz is true: he is absolutely hilarious, has a dry, extremely witty humor--I laughed every single class-- and truly does want students to succeed. Mr. Deitz does expect you to work hard, to fully support the comments you make in class, and to think about issues from all sides. This class is a MUST!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and interesting professor.  The class is very interactive with a lot of discussions. One very simple quiz, a midterm and final for which he gives you a large 'menu' of questions to choose 2 from. His grading is fair and he gives good feedback.
5.0 : very responsive and helpful
3.0 : Nice guy but not a good professor in my opinion. Powerpoints lack information, very unclear with assignment expectations. 2 easy exams, 3 article summaries, weekly blackboard questions, in-class group work, and a research proposal. It is an easy class that requires more effort than it should.
5.0 : Dr. Luther is a generous professor who provided us with study guides. He is warm, approachable, exciting, enthusiastic, and genuinely cares for his students as much as he loves biology. Homeworks/first 3 exams are fair but final(cumulative) was  pretty tough. As long as you study and come to class, you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Luther is by far one of the best teachers I have ever had at Mason. He is extremely engaging, enthusiastic, and knowledgeable when it comes to biology and teaching it. He is also very friendly and genuinely cares about the students and does what he can to help them succeed. I will be sad when this class is over!
5.0 : Dr. Luther is one of the best professors at Mason. I read some of the negative reviews on him below are unbelievably inaccurate. His exams are exactly what he goes over during the prior class, he gives a review sheet, and they are very easy anyways- and I HATE science. He is so willing to help and one of the kindest people I've ever met.
5.0 : Dr. Luther knows his subjects. Passionate about his topics and teaches in a relaxed manner. He's definitely in the top three professors I've ever had at mason.  Took two of his courses. Very approachable, Inspirational, extremely helpful. Walk in with an open mind ready to learn a lot, walk out with an A minimum.
4.5 : The class isn't hard but the tests don't correlate to the lectures very well. Homework every Sunday, answers on quizlets. Two tests then the final exam which is cumulative. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. Luther is a very sweet prof as well.
4.5 : Professor Luther is one of the finest professors at GMU. He listens to his students and allows them to direct the flow of the conversation. He is open to new questions, even those he may not know, and makes sure everyone understands the material. He has a good sense of humor and his exams are pretty easy as long as you review the Powerpoints online
5.0 : Dr. Luther is one of the best professors I've had. I've taken many courses with him including BIOL 103, BIOL 104, Animal Behavior, and Animal Communication. He cares about and supports student research, is generally very responsive, focuses on concepts, finds simple ways of conveying difficult concepts, and is extremely fair.
3.5 : Good for non-science majors. Lectures are posted online but if you skip you will quickly get lost-the material builds from previous lectures. Online homework helps a lot, and he posts study guides (which are very basic and not specific). Tests were difficult, but fair, so study at least a week ahead. He is an awesome lecturer &amp; makes people laugh.
5.0 : Extremely knowledgable and loves class participation. Willing to let the class lead
4.0 : He's a great guy, and a good biology teacher.  I skipped every lecture besides the tests and still got an A.  Everything is in the powerpoints.  He's a good teacher and you should take him, especially if you're in a non-science major.
4.5 : Dr. Luther is a hilarious professor - he makes me giggle almost every lecture. He loves what he teaches, and teaches it well. He likes to let the class take the lead, and is a fair grader. If you do the work, you will get the grade. He is also very understanding when things blow up in your face, and is very flexible. I HIGHLY recommend him.
3.5 : Study hard and you'll do great! He really cares about student success, great guy.
3.0 : You don't need to go to class as long as you keep up with the lectures he posts online. Make sure to keep up with homework and lab. Tests are pretty easy as long as you study. Don't buy the textbook just get the mastering biology online code and it comes with an online textbook!!
5.0 : Verry  good    Verry easy to  understand   Verry seriouse about the subject  strait shooter   i  will  take  his  classe anyday off  the subject week.
1.0 : Impossible Class! Spent the whole time lecturing by only putting artwork up and talking about it, most the words and names were in Italian, VERY HARD TO KEEP UP. Exams were impossible. all around horrible class.
4.5 : Passionate and knowledgeable. For the exams, memorize the artwork's details (period, medium, patron, etc.) and you should be fine. If you like to be lateskip class, don't register. I got an A- without buying the $100 textbook though, yay!
5.0 : Her class is very interesting. She knows her stuff, and covers a lot of ground in the subject. You will definitely need the text book, and will have to read it.  She provides additional videos and articles that are really helpful. One has to work hard for an A. Most quizzes are online and timed. Questions are challenging. Two major exams
5.0 : Amazing teacher and teaches what you need to know. Study hard, don't underestimate. Not unreasonable. A is attainable but you have to work for it.
3.0 : Alright, so the classes she teaches (I've had her for ARTH201 and Art Now) are cool classes. And like some others mentioned the work load is pretty light. The only issue I ever had with her is that I felt she really did not respect the students. The moment you read any syllabus of her's you'll feel it too... Geez we aren't in 2nd grade!
3.0 : I have reached out to her many times for guidance and help and she never seems to care. Her class work is ok but the amount of reading is insane! I feel if she would just put concepts in bulletpoints ( vs paragraph after paragraph of other information that finally leads up to the idea or concept)
3.5 : You can only skip class 2 without penalty. You have to study for the tests or you will not do good.
5.0 : She's by far the best teacher I've had. I used to have a hard time understanding contemporary artwork, but thanks to her, I had gained a lot of understanding. She is really devoted to her students and will help you in any way possible. Do study for the tests and be ready to take notes. Definitely recommend her! Take her!
5.0 : Professor de Armendi is a true professional. She is always checking to make sure the material is understood. Her lectures are informative and engaging (this is contingent upon the student's involvement). As long as you're paying attention/asking questions, there is NO reason you shouldn't pass her class. Amazing teacher.
4.5 : Not an easy class, but I love her lectures! Very interesting and makes you love art more. I definitely recommend her! I took this class because I really liked her other course.
5.0 : If you show up to every class then this class is an easy A. She goes over everything you need to know for the tests in class. The bulk of the grade is memorizing a few different period dates and painting names, as well as one easy paper in the end. She is very enthusiastic and passionate about the subject, and it shows in her teaching.
1.0 : Very tough grader. Tests and quizzes are very difficult. I even did extra credit assignments and my grade reflected no effort. Stay away from this Professor.
5.0 : Professor De Armendi's class challenges you to grasp the complex ideas that are fundamental to understanding theories of art across time. The class is conceptually heavy but Professor De Armendi has the skills to clearly and comprehensively articulate these ideas. If you don't have a real interest in art theory you may struggle in this class.
2.0 : I WOULD SAY IT IS TOUGH
3.0 : There is too much work for this class considering it's a 200 LEVEL course! Quizzes are posted and must be completed in less than 48 hours. You have to read text, watch videos (some over an hour long!!) and read numerous articles, and tests have trick questions. Horrible - take anyone else but her.
3.0 : Not your traditional art history class; the tests focus more on concept than the art works themselves. The workload is doable, but this class was much harder than other art history classes I have had. I heard this class is much easier if you take it in person rather than online.
5.0 : The online course has a lot of work but you will learn a lot! The professor will always be there to help. Also, I STRONGLY suggest studying like how she recommends it. It is a lot of studying but you appreciate art history at the end. Test questions are trickier than quiz questions.
3.0 : She takes forever to respond to your e-mails.  Still waiting for her to grade the final.  WAY TOO MUCH work for a 200 level course.  I took other online courses that are 300 &amp; 400 and they had less work than her course.  She expects you to read everything and watch all her online video links.  She probably thinks this is the only course that matter
5.0 : Took this during the Fall 2011 semester. The class was interesting, I enjoyed it a lot. The Professor was very clear for the assignments. Graded papers quickly. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Took this during the summer 2013. The class was interesting, I enjoyed it a lot. The Professor was very clear for the assignments. Graded papers quickly.
5.0 : STEGER. Steegs. Ben. Benjamin. Where to begin... He is a great professor. Sometimes I can't tell if he likes me but that's okay, he's extremely knowledgeable and helpful. He gives very good feedback. He's there if you need him. He also has way too many classes and students. I don't know how he does all. He's amazing. He is incredibly funny too.
5.0 : I took her sophomore year. I'm now a senior. Hands down BEST professor at Mason especially for GCH. I could go on &amp; on but if you don't do well, you probably shouldn't be in college. Even if you just go to class &amp; do the assignments you'll do great. She ACTUALLY explains the material, makes it interesting, helpful, &amp; understanding. WONDERFUL prof.
4.5 : She's very sweet and very helpful. She's a very fair grader and always did her best to help me get the best grade. Just ask questions and obviously don't procrastinate.
4.5 : Professor Kim is such an amazing person.  She is willing to help you outside of class, and is very engaging in all of her lectures.  It's great how she incorporates her past experiences working for organizations like the World Bank, and how it ties with current relevant issues.  A+ Teacher!
3.5 : I loved Prof. Kim! I'll admit, it was hard to understand her accent at first, but after a while you get used to it. She uses powerpoint which makes things clear, however, she kind of goes fast so we struggled to keep up with notes as she didn't let us use our computers at first but eventually turned a blind eye.She's adorable and is always happy!
4.0 : I took Professor Kim for two courses, and she was very communicative and understanding of difficulties that I had in the semesters that I took her. I did well in both her classes. She shows a real depth of knowledge and interest, passion, and excitement in Environmental Policy, which comes through in her teaching.  Participation is highly valued.
3.5 : Dr. Kim is such an amazing professor. She is kind, caring and compassionate towards her students, as well as the subject matter that she teaches. Yes, her accent is thick, but all things considered, it isn't a big deal. I definitely recommend taking her course.
5.0 : Took this professor online and it was incredible! Gave reasonable assignments and gave a really good amount of time to do them as well. I also got good feedback on my assignments and I got really fast responses to my emails. The directions and the way the course was structured was super easy to follow! Also, if you have questions, just email!
5.0 : This class is quite easy and reasonable for being an online course. She gives a lot of feedback and is not a tough grader. Definitely take her class!
5.0 : Professor Kim is AWESOME. She's very knowledgeable, unbiased and sweet. This is a writing intensive course and she is not an easy grader when it comes to papers, but participate, study and do the readings and you should be able to do well on the mid term (it's also writing intensive) she's a wonderful professor to take. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Dr. Kim is an inspirational teacher. She makes students want to do well in her class. The class is writing intensive so expect to write and write. However, she puts a ton of effort into giving solid feedback. My writing improved significantly based on her thoughtful comments.
4.0 : Her accent was hard to understand at time but she was always very nice and happy. It is a writing intensive course but it wasn't all too bad. There was also a midterm and few easy small assignments. She uses slides but does go a bit fast to take notes, she will post slides on blackboard especially if asked.
4.5 : I highly recommend the "Corporate Environmental Management" class. There is lots of reading, 8 short essays, no tests, and one big group project. It takes a little while to get used to Prof.'s accent, but the course expectations are clear, she is helpful, and a very nice person. I have learned a lot in this course and enjoyed coming to class!
5.0 : Professor Kim is amazing!  She takes participation and attendance very seriously in the class.  If you don't, you will most likely end up with a C.  She is very fair when it comes to grading, and is willing to help you out outside of class if needed.  Her lectures are very thought out as well!  Highly recommend!  Work for your A though!
5.0 : Dr. Kim is so far one of the best professor I have had online. Her reminders and motivational emails to the class were amazing. The flow of her class made it so that not once I felt overwhelmed with all the tasks at hand. If you have any concerns she would answer your email right away. Amazing teaching style! Please do take her!
3.0 : Younsung is ok. She's respectful. gave a good amount of time to finish assignments. None are too bad, just need time. They involve writing, like the 2000 word paper due at the end. Her grading is kind of weird. Learned a lot in the class though. She also accidentally calculated my final grade wrong- put a B instead of an A. she said she'll fix it.
5.0 : I've taken a similar course so this was too easy. Go to class bescause there is a class writing assignment every class, but you can just surf the internet and then wake up for the assignment at the end of class. He let us out early everyday, never stayed the whole class.
5.0 : Prof is a very nice person. He is always excited to lecture however his lectures can get a bit dry. He is willing to help. Not many people participate or pay attention but it can be worth it. Easy grade, based on 3 exams and in class writing assignment. Class Average on tests was a C but the tests were his exactly his powerpoints.
5.0 : One of the best professors. down to earth and always smiling. do the HW attend all 3 requirements event and you should get an A
4.5 : There aren't enough good things to say about Dr. Dudnik. I had her for 110 and 210, and I loved every second of it! She's phenomenal! Put the work in, do the assignments, study for exams and show up to class. Participation  free points. She loves German, and whether you're "good" at languages or not, she'll convince you to love it too!
5.0 : She's really good
5.0 : If anyone is nervous about taking German, I would recommend Dr. Dudnik in a heartbeat. She is in my opinion the best German professor at Mason &amp; she really tries to help you understand. Attendance is mandatory! There is HW every class-do them all! :) There are so many opportunities to do well in this class! :) Really a lovely person! #VIELENDANK &lt;3
5.0 : Extremely helpful, flexible, and very willing to work with students who are struggling.
5.0 : She's an amazing professor and I definitely recommend her. The class has heavy use of the textbook in and out of class. You need the online code because there homework every night and it takes about an hour or so. The class itself is really easy and relaxed. If you show up to 90% of the classes and participate in class most of the time you're good.
4.5 : Great teacher.
4.0 : Fun, comprehendible German class. Instruction is entertaining and interactive which helps you understand the material, and what will be on tests and other assignments. I would take this course if you're trying to get better at German and if you already took 110 and 210.
4.0 : Great professor and fun class. She can be a little dry sometimes, but the lectures were very helpful. Lots of group work - kinda obvious for a language course. All the assignments are straight forward and, for the most part, if you do the work then you get an A. Even the tougher assignments, she's willing to help you with.
5.0 : Even though learning a new language is hard, she made it very easy for me during the past two semesters. Tests and essays are very easy, and homework is not challenging as well. Take her if you have the opportunity to do so!
5.0 : Professor Aldhobhani is such an amazing professor. He really cares about the success of each student and truly wants us to receive high grades. Cares deeply about participation so be ready and prepared. Attendance is mandatory as well as homework. Showing up to each class and doing the homework guarantees a B. Great class and great professor.
5.0 : Cares immensely about students and their success in the class. His cultural references make the class really interesting. Classes are very interactive and he is extremely helpful outside of class. Study guides are identical to exams/tests and he gives you the answers in class to the study guides.
4.5 : Professor Aldhobhani is super nice. He is kind of hard to understand sometimes. Lots of homework. You have to buy both textbooks brand new. Attendance is mandatory! Easy A though!
5.0 : He is a very kind man who genuinely enjoys the Arabic language and culture. He is willing to answer all questions and is very patient. Arabic can be a difficult language but he makes it easy and is willing to teach. There is homework due every class and a couple quizzes. He gives a study guide which is similar to the quiz/test.
4.0 : Ustadh Abdul was a good professor, though he did go on some pretty crazy rants sometimes. If you are interested in Arabic and Arab culture, you'll do well. He's definitely there to help, though he can be a bit rough sometimes. I'm taking ARAB210 next semester with him and I look forward to it.
5.0 : This professor was great. He really wants you to get a good grade. Arabic can be very hard, but if you come to class and show that you're trying, then you will be fine. There are a lot of quizzes, but he is very lenient if you show improvement. I really enjoyed the class even though it was 6 credits. I definitely recommend taking him if you can!
5.0 : Dr. Dann is a fabulous professor. His passion for Sustainability shines through in his lectures, &amp; he is just the sweetest guy, very endearing. He really cares about his students, &amp; his lectures are engaging. Attendance is mandatory, but he will go out of his way to make sure you can attend via electronic means if necessary. Dr. Dann is the coolest
4.5 : By far THE BEST professor at Mason. Do everything you can to get into one of his classes!! He makes lessons fun and is extremely passionate and knowledgable about the subject. He will do anything possible to help his students #1, learn, and #2, succeed. As long as you put in a solid effort and some time in his class you will do great. TAKE HIM
3.5 : Dr. Dann is a cool guy. Quirky, but cool. He puts a huge emphasis on participation, but you'll learn a lot in his class. He's horrible at returning grades in a timely manner, but there are worse things in life than that. If you put forth the effort, you'll have no problem getting a good grade. Yes, I definitely recommend taking one of his courses.
4.5 : Dr. Dann is an inspiring professor. There is no book for the class but a lot of journal articles. Be prepared to do a fair amount of work. I would have gotten a B+ but turned my term paper in late, thus a B was earned. He really worked with me and was very understanding about my heavy course load. Would love to take another class with him again!
5.0 : He is very helpful. he makes sure you understand the assignments and projects. if you do the work and easy class to get an A.
5.0 : Great class and he's an amazing professor! The homework is time consuming and really expects you to do your research. However, he's a fair grader so if you work really hard and it shows then you'll get an A! He's also ALWAYS willing to help his students and is very nice, smart, and well respected by his classmates.
5.0 : Four Discussion Board Assignment, has rubric for these. Two case studies done with the group. Research Paper, 5 quizzes and Group Project Presentation. He's a bit of tough grader but overall a good professor. Take him, definitely recommended. He cares about you, willing to meet you outside of class.
4.0 : I thought this would be easy. But his quizzes are actually pretty tough even after reading and power points. The discussion boards are easy. If you don't have to take it. Don't do it!
3.5 : Schahill is a fair teacher/grader who can appreciate your efforts. I got an A without trying too hard. The class was centered on Frankenstein which was pretty cool and I was definitely engaged and interested in the theme. I got to write on the movie Hanna which was pretty cool. He will make you look at movies and books in a brand new way. Take him
5.0 : Prof. Crowell is an amazing professor, she's very caring and always ready to help if you have a question about anything. She's very accessible and flexible in case you need something rescheduled. Had absolutely no problems with her! If only she had taught my ASTR 113 lab...
5.0 : Had her as a lab instructor. Really nice and was very understanding when the class's instructor's lab instructions made no sense! She's very willing to work with you to help you meet lab deadlines, too :)
3.5 : The Professor did rush through the class. He read off the powerpoints so there really wasn't a point to go to class. However, when he covers the material for the quizzes, midterm, and final you want to be there. He lets the class know what is on the tests.
4.5 : When I first started taking his class I was sure I was going to fail, but I can honestly say he is the reason I passed this class.
3.0 : Lectures can get boring because he reads off the slides, but make sure to sit in the front to really pay attention. He gives extra credit that's 5% of your final grade and all quizzes are online. Homework can be time-consuming make sure you're willing to put in the effort. Don't waste your money on the textbook! I barely touched it.
4.0 : Exams are easy!
5.0 : He really cares about his students, and he truly wants everybody to do well in the class. He also responds emails very quick if you have any questions, make sure you do all the labs and study the power points for the exams, they are multiple choice. I would definitely recommend his class, very stress free, you will be very lucky to have him!
5.0 : He is very straight forward, explains in detail, no trick questions in quizzes and exams, great study guides.
5.0 : Mr. Fennell is a great professor! He really does look out for his students and is very lenient with grading and extending assignment due dates. On the other hand, a lot of the lectures and assignment he has to teach are designed by  the course coordinator who did  a terrible job creating everything (very outdated and poorly prepared).
5.0 : Great professor. He is clear and very helpful.
5.0 : Mr. Fennell is the best professor for IT 105.  He lets you know exactly what you need to know for exams.  He gives 5% extra credit assignment which is beneficial.  Homework and IT news report every week.  Lectures are long, and make sure to study the POWER POINTS for the exam.  I am planning to take IT 341 with him.  Best at teaching the material.
3.5 : I don't think I learned anything from this class. Packet Tracker labs (used to teach routing) were simple "follow-the-step" exercises from a book. Most of the midtermfinal questions come directly from the homework (which aren't critical thinking questions) or from the reviews in the class prior to the test. Nice professor, awful content.
4.0 : Professor Fennell is a solid professor for IT105. You'll have weekly assignments, news reports due every other week, and an opportunity for extra credit. You'll have to work to get a good grade, but it will be worth your time to take him. He was patient and respectful towards his students and helped us prepare for each exam respectively.
4.5 : The class is easy. You have IT news reports and weekly homework quizzes on blackboard that are open books, notes, and the internet. The textbook will help with the homework quizzes. The professor's slides are based on the textbook. Attendance to class is not required. He tells you the exact topics on the quizzes and tests.
4.0 : Professor Fennell is genuine and respectful to all students. He's very lenient with grading. He cares a lot about helping his students get the highest grade possible before the final because the final exam makes up 35% of the overall class grade. Definitely recommend him for a breezy time in IT 105.
4.0 : He is the man to take for IT341. He makes the materiel easy for you and if you can do the labs on your own you can leave after the lecture.  One advice, make sure you do all the assignments and you would pass with a grade higher then B.
5.0 : Great teacher, he's nothing short of amazing and really cares for the students. It may be hard to get a hold of him sometimes. The lectures are long, but if you show up to class he really emphasizes on important topics, aka what you will be tested upon. He covers a lot of information, but if you show up to class the exams are breezy. AWESOME CLASS!
4.5 : Very helpful if you have questions. Lectures were straightforward, sometimes he throws in little stories to make it fun. I'm pretty sure the Syllabus for IT 101 is on the AIT website, but assignments were totally manageable, and if you do them, you're golden. Tells you quizexam topics beforehand, so definitely go on those days. Good class.
5.0 : He is a good professor, however, the class itself is awful. The material is all over the place and the  ppt slides are directly from wikipedia. Fennell has no control over this since it is a new class and the course coordinator is feeding him all the material in the class. Having said that he is helpful and does his best to make sure you understand
5.0 : I had Mr. Fennell for both 341 and 101. He is excellent at explaining the mathematical concepts, which helps a lot. He also really cares about his students; he went around to meet everyone on the first day. My advice to you, the students signing up for 341, is to really study the essay questions for the exams, and do well on those labs.
3.0 : He's caring, I emailed him requesting a homework extension and he gave it (within reason), and had a final exam online sesh where we could ask him questions. He knows his stuff and makes an effort to interact during the 3-hr long lecture. EZ grader on grp assignments, turn it in  full credit (unless you did badly).
4.5 : She is one of the Best professor at mason. Only 2 exams 50 multiple choice midterm and final. 5 projects time consuming but more than enough time is given. NO late work accepted. Extra credit of 3% your total grade. Textbook require for Homework assignment every week. Clear instructions on projects and hw assignment. Easy A as long as you do work.
5.0 : Absolutely adore her, shes such a sweetheart! 2 exams (50) multiple-choice, very easy comes straight from her powerpoints.  Midterm (10%) Final (15%) You can basically fail (65 and higher) both exams and still pass with a B because its weighted so low. 1 project website (45%) of your grade.  Quizzes are super easy, right after she lectures
5.0 : Easy class, just need the lab book. Labs are annoying but easy. Do all the projects as they account for most of the grade. Pop quizzes are easy. Lectures are boring, and the midterm and final are OK. Projects arent graded hard, however they take some time to do, so start them early. If you do everything and do bad on midterm and final, you'l pass.
5.0 : This class is one of the easiest classes I have taken. There are 5 pop quizzes which she announces at the start of class. You make  website at the end which you work on throughout the semester. The worst part is that you have to buy the textbook if you want to do the labs at home.
5.0 : Lecture portion of this course is the easiest, the hard part is the lab. If you do not buy a monthly subscription to Adobe Cloud, you will find yourself on campus at least once a week working on assignments in the computer lab. These assignment will take 1 1/2 - 2 hours minimum each week. Dreamweaver will be the hardest assignments. Be prepared.
5.0 : Easy material, there is just alot of work. there is almost one lab due each week. dreamweaver section is the hardest. Also there are five projects and two tests. professor is very nice, but expect to put time into this class doing work.
4.0 : Easy A. Do the assignments correctly, and you will get a 100 on them. Projects are easy. Follow guidelines and you will get 100s on the projects (5 part project). Tests don't make sense. They are really hard but there's only a midterm and final, each 10%, so if you do bad, it won't hurt your grade that much. TAKE THIS CLASS ONLINE, too easy.
5.0 : Great Teacher. Class wasn't hard 5 projects with plenty of time to complete them, midterm is worth 10% and final is worth 15% so don't worry if you don't do too well on them. There is a easy extra credit opportunity worth 3% as well. Take her.
2.0 : Heard she no longer teaches at Goerge Mason, Thank GOODNESS. Lectures were boring and long and was not as easy of a grader as everyone else said. I would recommend taking another professor as she has gotten harder over the years. Hope this helps!
4.0 : Great professor. Very helpful and so sweet
5.0 : Nicest professor I've had at rutgers. So sweet and genuinely cares about the students. The cherry on top is that she's a smokehouse.
5.0 : Great instructor, really helps you learn through the work.
4.5 : I frikkin loved her! She was awesome. The class was a lot of work, but everything is done in class, and nothing to be taken back home. I would never know where the time went by. Go to class and do your classwork, and you'll be fine! I got an A+
4.0 : I took this for my fine arts requirement, and I can assure you I am not artistic in any way and I got an A. Show up to class + do your work = easy A. Mia is quirky and opinionated but she is nice and loves what she does. And I hate to break it to you, but you will NOT work with clay. She encourages using trash/random objects, wood, metal, etc...
5.0 : She's very nice and helpful. Not the best educator as someone said before, and super boring (but that's just the material.) I will say that she is flaming liberal in her beliefs- I mean Universal Health Care, Affordable Care Act, everything. I'm pretty much this way as well, but I really prefer more neutral profs so you can see all sides. Not her.
4.5 : Good professor. Responds to emails quickly. Lectures are boring and super long. Quizzes come directly from powerpoints. One 3-5 page paper. Study guide provided for final. Gives a list of terms but you'll have to define it and study that. Textbook is not exactly needed. Says reading is required but powerpoints come from the text. Barely used it.
3.5 : Very easy class. Lectures were boring but she takes attendance. Quizzes are pretty straightforward. If you want an A, then read the textbook chapters.If not, then powerpoints will do. Very easy and straightforward class.
5.0 : If you pay attention you can get an A. Quizzes are two chapters at a time and given every other week. They are from the powerpoint so it isn't too much studying. The book isn't very useful. you can find a free version of it scribd, its an older edition but the tables are the only things you need to really know and they are the same pretty much.
5.0 : THE BEST &lt;3
5.0 : She is soo nice. Her class is soo easy. Tests are straight from powerpoints and a bit of the textbook.
5.0 : She's awesome! She's really chill and easy going and her tests are super easy! Take her!
5.0 : This class is most definitely manageable(one project, no HW, attendance mandatory, study guides that cover the entire exam). Not the most interesting class in the world, BUT she is an amazing teacher. You will learn alot. Would recommend.
4.0 : She is a very nice lady. Class is not that hard, but attendance is mandatory. Three tests, all of them are 3 multiple choice questions. Offers a lot of extra credit!
5.0 : Professor Corso is knowledgeable, kind, and MOST caring. I didn't participate much in class, but she somehow knew my name and face, which I think she learns our name from the presentation project. I didn't read the textbook. I just did the study guides and assignments, and xtra credit, and got an A. She's such an inspiration to our generation.
5.0 : Professor Corso is very knowledgeable on global health topics, she is very thorough and organized. I enjoyed being in her class because you can tell how passionate she is about global health. Overall, she made this class very enjoyable.
4.0 : Cares a lot about her class on the health of the world. Basically reads off of her slides (posted on BB) and shows videos (posted on BB) but attendance is MANDATORY! Tests are almost exactly like study guide. 4 assignments that you need to research but very easy. One presentation but you chose topic (from a list). Her passion makes her lectures gr8
5.0 : She is super nice and understanding. Really knows what she is talking about in class. Her test can be a little tricky but all n all a great professor and a clear choice.
5.0 : very experienced in her field, wants students to understand the material, participate because teaching is hard, do well on the homework (which aren't that hard) to balance the tests out, lok for material for presentation early, easy tests relatively, take notes in class to understand, may be extra credit after thanksgiving, ppt are the readings
3.0 : 4 easy HW assignments, 1 present.(I didn't do well on that- make sure you do) and 3 tests (kinda hard) that are big parts of the grade. Also go to class! required but really boring she just reads the slides. I didn't do well on the test so I had to do all the extra credit which was 500 word journals. Weren't worth it but I needed the points (3p ea)
5.0 : Professor Corso has extensive experience in Global Health which makes her an excellent choice for any GCH course (esp. 205). Exams were straightforward, HW assignments were easy (follow directions). She does a good job of balancing heavy lecture with videos/guest speaker to maintain interest. Very nice lady.
2.0 : She was not clear with assignments and grades, make sure you pay attention to every detail on the lab reports if you want a good grade
5.0 : Dr. Pellegrino is a great teacher. Education is an important subject for those in his class, and he has the ability to communicate that well in the way that he teaches. Though the nearly 3-hour lectures tend to drag on, you will definitely learn something from them. Do yourself a favor and take him if you can.
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors I've ever had in my academic career.  Worthy of the highest recommendation I can offer.
5.0 : If you plan on teaching Social Sciences, then not only is Pellegrino your teacher, he is probably your academic advisor too. He is an incredibly useful instructor to have. The lectures aren't usually that exciting, but you will get through them.
5.0 : Great teacher! I had him for a Freshman History Class, and he's easily the best history teacher I've ever had! In-depth lectures that are both interesting and educational. He also focuses on discussions on primary sources.
3.0 : Quick 5-week summer course. He's charismatic and really knows what he's talking about. He would call out students to answer questions all the time so you had to pay attention during lecture. He didn't try to embarrass anyone though. The material wasn't easy but he's there if you need help. I can see if someone doesn't like his style though.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor in the school of management.  Mortati showed why the material was important and showed real life application.  He makes sure that everyone knows the material personally.  Should be a department head.  Take this class if you want to actually learn something useful.
5.0 : Best professor at Mason. He is pretty good looking too.
5.0 : Best professor at GMU. Is very clear about his expectations and is willing to go out of his way to make sure students have every opportunity to succeed. Provides you with tools for the real world and shows you how what you are learning can be applied to your profession. Loved his last day of class lecture. Truly a great person and inspiration.
5.0 : Loved him!!! Simply Amazing!!!
5.0 : Okay, so biochem isn't intended to be an easy A course. That-said, this prof is def worth taking! His exams are all MC- however on the Final he left it optional to take the short answer version if preferred. He curves immensely, more-so than we prob deserve. He gives extra credit and quizzes before lecture that can only boost your score.
5.0 : Chillest LA you'll ever have. Never condescending and always open to answering any questions, or guiding you through the lab procedure if you're completely lost. Definitely take him if you can!
5.0 : Tough but fair tests.   Seemed very respectful, intelligent, and hard-working.  Cares about student's learning and shows it with his persistence to answer questions.
3.0 : Test is stupid tough, but all multiple choice. He had to curve and change the grading scale. Really nice guy, but he needs a lot more experience in teaching. Highly recommend recording lectures because he goes way too fast. Study mainly the textbook and read ppt slides, but do not focus much on them. Study guides are too vague and not helpful.
2.0 : Friendly, bright, but! Intro. UG/G class full of hard-chargers who haven't seen mat. before. He talks way too fast. Not a great teacher, yet, tho could be. Doesn't get basics across well, then tests details &amp; adv. understanding. Lots of T/F + tricks  (testing the mat  hard enough). Needs to remember class experience &amp; slow down for understanding.
4.0 : Very fast lecturer, but helps you understand the material pretty well. Lots of prep required for test, but overall wasn't too bad. Test material makes you think a lot, but if you read the book, do study guides, and go over PPT you'll be prepared. He curves the test and gives u the mini 3 question quizzes that add back to ur test grade if all right
5.0 : Biochemistry is supposed to be challenging. Justin does a great job forcing his students to think! Study his slides and take good notes during his lectures. He's always there to help, whether it's through email or office hours. His tests are hard but fair. Great professor. Would love to take him again.
5.0 : Dr. Davis is a very good man. He's very tough but when you leave his class, you will 100% leave with a good knowledge on Biochem. He wants you to understand the materials, NOT just bulk memorization. He wants you to be able to apply what you learn. I struggled really hard with this class in the beginning but ended strong. You NEED to put in effort.
5.0 : Probably one of the smartest man I've ever encountered. He tries SO hard for his students. He stays after classes to help students, even on days when he doesn't have office hours. He answers every question asked in DETAILS. It's a 400 level course. It's supposed to be hard. Don't expect an A w/o studying A LOT, but that applies to any 400 course.
5.0 : He is an amazing lab professor. He goes over the lab thoroughly before we do it and is more than willing to answer any questions. He is funny and sarcastic. I really enjoyed taking his class.
5.0 : He's an amazing professor. Homework and projects are every week but really helpful for the exams. If you take note and do well on the homework, you will do well on the exams. And he is a super nice professor; don't be scared in the first few weeks because of the confusion, when you get used to with him, you will like him a lot more :))
5.0 : His classes are super nice. He is really helpful. Even with homework and/or exams, he gives you more flexibility. I will always have this professor on my mentor list.
2.0 : Every body winds up doing "really good" good work in Sean's opinion, no wonder all the high reviews. He's an OK guy but not critical enough, just seems he afraid to be really honest when student work is "so so" and themes are "overdone".
5.0 : Extremely fair, very understanding. He is a researcher so he derives EVERYTHING (knows his stuff very well). Homeworks are tough and time consuming but he's a great help one on one. Exams are short a specific. Semester long project is crucial to your grade and knowledge. You'll love him and I'll envy you for it :)
3.5 : Midterms are take home exams and definitely the toughest exams you'll take in your BENG degree. Take detailed notes during lecture, paying close attention to the last lecture before exams. Project isn't hard but will take time to develop.  He helped me figure out my life after graduation and clearly cares about his students learning.
5.0 : Great professor.... As long as you don't need help to build a circuit. He'll look at it for 5 minutes while smacking his lips and tell you to rebuild the circuit. You will rebuild the circuit and it will not work and he'll look at it for another 5 minutes and say you you know nothing.
5.0 : The best professor I've ever had in college and in the BENG department.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at GMU. He's a TOUGH grader and makes you work very hard, but is willing to help you outside of the classroom. If you don't attend every class and ask for extra help, you won't do as well. I've taken two classes with him and got a C in the first and an A in the second. I would definitely take him for every class if I could.
5.0 : I'm so blessed to have Professor Brown teaching this course!!!! He is a great lecturer who has a lot of energy so we don't get bored in the class. He makes accounting interesting and is one of those classes that are useful for my future. He encourages participation and uses great real world examples. He's very helpful when explaining balance sheet!
4.5 : take home midterm and final, therefore the easiest class ever. the only down side: lots of blackboard posting assignments, he drags on and talks slow during lectures, "here's how to read a graph!". but he is the least stressful professor to worry about. take him if you're planning to take a harder course just to get a breather
5.0 : Great professor! Uses powerpoints and assigns text readings but you really don't need to. Discussion board every week and a decent amount of reading from other sites and articles. Only tests are midterm and final, both take home!! I barely paid attention and got an A. Take his class!
5.0 : Gives you lots of discussion board post and a lot of different websites to find information on. He is a kind teacher and always willing to help. As long as you participate in the discussion board post and do well on the exams you will be fine. He is not a tough grader at all.
5.0 : Mr. Brown is a great professor to take. Any time  I had a question he was always willing to help. I would send him an e-mail around 11 pm on a Sunday night and hear a response back within minutes. Great for online classes when you need quick responses!
5.0 : Take him for Accounting.  You will not regret it.  Easy A. Just do the work
4.0 : I learned a lot in the class. He is very passionate about his work and the students. I enjoyed all of his classes even though they were the full 3hrs. There are only discussion posts and exams(take home).
5.0 : Stephen is amazing! He is SO enthusiastic about physics and makes learning it so much fun. I really enjoyed having him as my lab instructor. Wish there were more like him!
3.5 : He's a nice person, but his class is extremely boring. DO NOT buy the textbook. You will not use it. When it comes to his tests just make sure you go over all the power point slides. He doesn't put everything in his slides though so you need to come to class and take a few notes.
3.0 : Don't buy the textbook..waste of money. He's really mono-tone and boring so try to take his class at a time where you're comfty. Also take notes! his slides are just topics of what's going to be discussed during lecture. other than that cool dude.
4.0 : He is the best! There are 4 exams and 1 paper (which is really easy he also offers to give you feedback before you submit it for grading.)He randomly calls out names to answer questions for attendance so you should go also lectures can be boring it is an easy class! Take notes and study power points before exams and your good!
5.0 : HE IS THE BEST!! easy class as long as you attend and take notes! dont buy the book though. 4 exams, 1 easy paper:)
5.0 : Great professor! He is really great at helping students out and being there for them. He grades hw and quizzes fast, which is great! Really amazing professor! Wish I could take more classes with him!
5.0 : One of the best teacher at Mason. Treats his students with respect and care.  Really nice and sweet, always find ways to help us. Easy homework. drop lowest quiz. Quizzes every other week really helped to keep up. Appreciate that he cut his ppt. I just got home from his final exam and miss him already. Thank you for being so sweet, we love you.
5.0 : Clear and makes class interesting.  Basically tells you exactly what you need to know to pass and he condenses slides for you to study for quizzes and tests.  Multiple in class quizzes but they are pretty simple if you come to class and study his condensed slides.  Homework's are also simple.
5.0 : She is one of my best professors.
5.0 : He is a super sweet heart and very understanding, I took him 3 semesters in a row for 302,420,&amp; 490. Even though he does not take roll it counts he pays attention to when your not there. Just go to class and participate and you will do amazing. He truly is understanding.
5.0 : Great teacher syllabus outlines everything, two short essays and mid term and final along with a very cool supreme court simulation project that was really fun to do. fair grader and very funny to talk gives good lectures too
5.0 : I can't say enough good things about Dr. Long. His classes are great, and this was one of the few classes that I actually looked forward to going to. One of the things that he does in this class particularly is a supreme court stimulation, he encourages class participation. As long as you go to class, take notes, and listen you will do good in it.
5.0 : great professor. lectures are genuinely interesting and he's super understanding and helpful. one of the best all-around professors I've taken at GMU. Supreme Court simulation is AWESOME, definitely get into it and give it your all. loved by students, would totally take again.
5.0 : One of the best profs at GMU. awesome class and very interactive, prof long is very engaging. I got to learn a lot, he really cares about the students and he is very passionate about teaching. his projects are lots of fun. Very good grader and class is very clear and straight forward. study for Midterm and Final exam.
5.0 : Prof Long is one of the best overall professors I've had at GMU. He's funny, smart, and knows how to keep class organized and entertaining. Great lectures and discussions. The Supreme Court simulation project is AWESOME. Probably the best group project I've ever done. Don't really need the textbook. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : The two papers (Legal reasoning critique and film portrayal of legal system) are both very manageable, and not hard to outline and complete. The two exams are tough, but not such a large portion of the grade that they will ruin your final grade. The 'Supreme court simulation' is fun but somewhat tough. Lectures are interesting and he's a funny guy.
4.5 : "The two papers (Legal reasoning critique and film portrayal of legal system) are both very manageable, and not hard to outline and complete. The two exams are tough. The 'Supreme court simulation' is fun but somewhat tough. Lectures are interesting and he's a funny guy."  This review sums it up.
5.0 : Great teacher, engaging and very helpful. The class was made up of two papers, two tests and a big major group project where you simulate a supreme court case. It was the best group project I have ever done and I learned much about the system and how it works. He knows how to teach where even if you know noting of the court system, you wil understd
5.0 : Prof. Long is the best Professor at GMU. He's an expert in his field, he is always helpful to students and his lectures are interesting which makes you want to come to class.  Individual and group projects; while interesting and tough, they are also fun and exciting. I just wish he was the Prof. For all the rest of my classes.
4.5 : Two papers (Legal reasoning and film critique of legal system) both are very simple, and not hard to outline and complete. The two exams are tough, but are not a large chunk of the grade so they will not ruin your final grade if you do bad. The 'Supreme court simulation' is fun but somewhat tough its a group project so it depends on your group.
4.5 : All exams are blue book, so loads of essays. I took the 301 class which had a supreme court simulation. A Lot of fun even though i normally hate group projects! If you're like me, don't fret. He lets you rate the group members and grades accordingly. The lectures are VERY helpful. I didn't need to buy the book, the lectures cover everything.
5.0 : GMU needs more Professors like Kevin Long.  I looked forward to his classes - he keeps it interesting and there were a lot of laughs in between the serious stuff. I enjoyed the court simulation project.  Put in the effort, ask questions where necessary and you will do well.  Great class!
5.0 : Great professor who really attempts to keep the class stimulating for his students.  The assignments were very well presented and the tests were very fair.  I highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Long is probably my favorite professor I have taken at GMU. He requires 2 papers (one is 3-4 pages single spaced) but don't freak out, he barely penalizes for typos and grammar errors. If given the opportunity in the class project be a Judge it's awesome! his 2 tests are taken straight from the lectures/book and his study guide is awesome
5.0 : I definitely recommend this professor. She genuinely wants her students to reach success in/out of her class. Material is clearly explained in her lectures/powerpoints and her humorous nature keeps the class engaged! She also gave us advice about graduate school. As long as you come to class and study, you should be fine!
5.0 : She is such an awesome and knowledgeable professor at Mason. I loveee her, she is always willing to help her students. she cares about student not only to get good grade but also learn something from her class..
4.5 : If you do all of the assignments, you'll get 100%. She is a clear grader and gives good feedback within good time. I wish all of my online classes were like this!
4.5 : Took her for MGMT 301 lab. Really awesome, quirky and informative. She is really clear about her material and even holds review sessions outside of class. Would dflty recommend her. The class is really clear but the group projects threw me off but otherwise a relatively simple class. Dftly take her for MGMT 301 lab.
4.5 : Afra is AMAZING! Be prepared to participate in recitation or she'll call you out. I would definitely recommend taking the MGMT 301 lab with her! She's clear, quirky, and willing to help her students do whatever they need to succeed.
5.0 : I took Psych 333 (I/O Psychology) with her and she is great as an online professor, she's incredibly helpful and responds to every email quickly.  She provided outlines and study guides for each chapter covered.  I will be taking another one of her classes next semester!
5.0 : Afra's online class is organized and setup clearly without any unnecessary clutter (can't say the same for all DL classes). If you do take her online class, definitely try to meet her in person sometime. She is incredibly sweet and helpful and can provide valuable insight on the I/O field and the program at Mason.
4.5 : She's a grad student herself, so she understands. She really wants her students to pass but can't give you a grade if you don't put effort in. Just pray you get a good group, as the projects are given one grade and if a member doesn't participate, they still get the grade you worked for. Just ask for help if you need it. I'd take her again.
5.0 : Professor Ahmad is one of the best professors I've had at Mason so far.  Her expectations are clear and she gives ample opportunity to earn extra credit.  There were four exams throughout the semester for which she gives a study guide for.  Overall a very well run, easy course.
5.0 : I took her for Ecology and Evolution, not Biology.  She is a very hard grader but is so helpful and gives great feedback on the term paper so if you put in the effort to make the improvements that she suggests you will do fine.  She is really fun on field trips and makes the labs engaging and not painful!
5.0 : Just do your HW on time. She's very nice and willing to help. Besides her labs are not painful, she makes it enjoyable. I would take her again.
1.5 : Avoid him!!!! he is such a tough grader and homeworks assigments are very time consuming. I'm an AB student but because of him... search for another professor.
5.0 : Mr. Patel was tight. attending class was a religious experience,not just a lecture. I would recommend you take this class, some real "Dead Poets Society" stuff. Make sure you go to class tho. Do the readin.
5.0 : verrry funny. loled so much. basically like a stand up comedian. take this class if you wanna laugh and hear some of the best jokes of your life. best PROF EVER
4.0 : Fun lectures, easy going, reading and podcasts for homework
5.0 : this man was legit the best teacher ever low key wanted to give him a hug everyday bro peace
2.5 : His tests were very weird, it was almost as if he was testing to be tricky. I had trouble following his accent, but he used a lot of videos which made class more bearable.  In the end, I would not recommend.
5.0 : This was an interesting class in which i feel i learned much. The majority of the time we had class discussion, presentations, and activities (dance visit ROCKED!!!) Vias is nice and tries to help his students. There is also a good amount of individual and group work involved, but if you do your work you will be fine.
3.0 : Vias is a good professor considering he is a graduate student. The people that recently rated him for his 100 level class were possibly freshmen or people that weren't used to college level psych classes. Had him for 231 he goes out of his way to make lectures interactive. He does give extra info in class that can show up on exams. Very nice.
4.0 : Vias is a very decent and respect his students. textbook is optional but attendance is recommended for an A. There are 4 exams and he will drop the lowest one. There is also 1 individual assignment and 1 presentation. But it is easy because he is an easy grader.
5.0 : Amazing person, he's getting his PhD in psychology while being a professor so you can tell that he's really invested in the topic. Cares about helping students
5.0 : This was an overall good class in which I feel I learned plenty. I am not a Psych major, but now I feel I should take more classes because I got more interested in it as the semester progressed. You need to study to do well in his class and complete assignments. I would take Prof. Vias again!
3.5 : Vias is a great teacher, but the classes can be a bit dry sometimes.  He tries to make it interesting and it helps that it doesn't hurt to look at him.  Had a huge group project/presentation that was a big part of the grade, make sure to look at the examples he posts.  2 tests that were online and open book/notes. Great class overall.
3.0 : He always hold class five to ten minutes longer than they are suppose to be. It is just a recitation class. All he talks about is Psychology. He enjoys playing devils advocate which gets annoying after a while. If you enjoy Psychology then take him but remember this is a MGMT course. He would be an excellent psychology professor.
4.5 : Group assignments is very important towards your grade, so make sure you understand everything he is asking you to do. Midterm and final exams can be tough so study well. I would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : The diversity class with professor Nicolaides was unlike any other class I have taken. I learned many things I did not know and I loved the class activities!!! His exams are tough because he uses essay questions, but if you go to class and read you will do well.    He is very understanding and tries to help students do well and is fair.
4.0 : Great teacher. Lots of people don't go to class, but it's wise to. Really nice guy, tries to make the class interesting. Pretty much everyone has to take this class. 4 tests and drops the lowest test grade. Textbook is a waste of money.
4.5 : Vias is very fair for a gen ed 100 level class. Lectures are not mandatory, however some things he says in class are not in the book and can show up on the tests. Tests have been blackboard open note take-home tests. Assignments have been easy and quick. He has responded to my emails quickly. Just make sure you get your research requirement done.
5.0 : Had him for Principles of Management. Nice guy, can be firm and strict at times. I really liked the class though and I was happy to come in on Fridays for class. Talks a lot about psychology, so that was interesting for me being a business student.
1.0 : Changes test requirements with very short notice. Assignments are even due when the university is off for break! Gives tests via Blackboard:Be prepared for the network to have problems. Refuses to let you see any test after you have taken it, at any time during the semester. Took forever to grade papers so your grade is a mystery until finals.
5.0 : I really  enjoyed the principles of management class and I learned plenty to apply towards my job. Vias is a very good and caring teacher. He is clear, communicates well, and gives feedback. The assignments and activities in class are very interesting and engaging. You also need to work in teams. I would highly recommend taking the class with him.
5.0 : She made me change my major to psych!  She is truly an inspiration!  Very fun, kind-hearted, and laid back.  If only every professor was like this!
4.0 : Biomechanics was a 5 week course and very intense. He is a great professor and I really enjoyed his lectures.
5.0 : I have learned a lot about statistics, experiment methodology, presentation skills. Very good lectures, inspirational!
5.0 : I loved this English teacher, she was helpful and really nice to all of her students. She helped me get my research paper published at Mason and wrote a letter of recommendation for me when I was applying for a scholarship. You have to write papers obviously, but you always get feedback and a re-write so its pretty easy to write a good paper.
4.5 : very pleasant person
5.0 : Easy grader, great stories, very intelligent, one of the best lecturers, everyone loved him, you have to work in class and read to prepare for the exams, exams were mid and final have in class and have take home, you got to choose which ones to answer in class. I would take him again and again.
5.0 : P. Elving is GREAT, very respectful, smart man, easy grader as long you write and bring good examples. You will learn a lot about US gov and hear interesting stories and things no book/person discuss. The class is very great, exams  are essays, do 2 in class 3 at home, they are not easy but not hard. Everyone loved him, I'd take him again.
5.0 : Honestly speaking, Prof Deshmukh was one of the best I've ever had at Mason. He works very hard to make sure all his students do well and is always finding ways to make his class more beneficial. 10/10 would recommend. I learned so much with him
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had. I'm an ISOM major and taking programming was extremely difficult. He met up with me several times outside of class just to make sure I understand the content. He is truly amazing, and caring. He wants you to learn and succeed. Highly recommend!!!
5.0 : Prof Deshmukh does his best not only to help his students do well but also to make himself a better professor. He truly cares about his job and about the performance of his students. Would definitely take him again.
5.0 : It is a lot of work (I spent 15-40 hours on each project and there is about 10  total), but I learned a lot and got helpful feedback. The class is very expensive (all painting classes will be) so be prepared for that as well. Take his class, especially if you are an art student and want a diverse portfolio.
5.0 : Professor McCoy is a true artist, a teacher that not only shows you what art means, but how to think and perform as an artist for your future. spends time on each student making sure they understand the projects. I highly recommend him for anyone who is passionate for art. I took his class at Northern Virginia Community colleges.
4.0 : :)
5.0 : Ryan is an excellent professor! Gives clear instructions and assignments. I would recommend if you are an art major and want to improve your drawing skills. But if you are taking this class as an elective and have no interest in art, I would not take him because projects are time consuming and critiques can be harsh. I would take him again!
4.5 : He was always ready to help, he really saved me a few times. He's pretty chill personality-wise, but serious about and good at what he does. Make sure you take what you're doing seriously because he can tell if you're not giving your best effort.
5.0 : I absolutely loved my Drawing 1 class with Ryan. Legitimately wants you to do well and will have one on one time with you. Very clear instructions and the material was interesting. Our extra credit assignment was to make pancake towers, what more do you want? He's an amazing professor 1010 would do again.
4.0 : You will spend a lot of cash on supplies. Such as the paints, canvases, and tools need (palette knife). You'll need a lot of small study canvases and a few 18x24 canvases for larger studies. You're only allowed two absences without penalties.
5.0 : Ryan is an excellent professor to take if you're an AVT major or want to be pushed in your skill. Helps to be able to listen to feedback, it isn't personal, it's to help you. No egos allowed in the classroom. Listen carefully and put forth time and you'll do well. If you talk to him for a while he starts to relax. If you're struggling, ask for help
5.0 : I took two classes from Professor Prillaman and highly recommend him.  He's a lawyer and HR expert who makes the classes interesting and fun. All of the exams (papers)are case studies of real-life situations. Also vey helpful to students who want to start careers in the HR area. Always go to class - he tells great stories.
5.0 : I absolutely adore him- hands down best lecturer I've experienced in 3 years of college. He is so incredibly knowledgeable, and while he does expect a lot (which he is very clear about), his lectures and experience in the field are just inspiring. Once you get in the rhythms of the readings, the class is incredibly interesting. He is fantastic!!
4.5 : Best SCAR professor.  The course was tough but he provided lots of feedback both in person and on papers.  Plus, he is extremely knowledgeable in research methods and data analysis techniques. I wish I had taken him sooner.  I would have taken any course he taught.
5.0 : He is a very good teacher. He gives you discussion questions to answer once a week and you just have to respond to one of the questions and he has two test only he gives you through out the semester (not hard at all but still study).
5.0 : DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. There's a discussion question on Blackboard every week; it's super easy, you'll get 100 on them. Just show up to class and take good detailed notes or record his lectures. Write down everything he's saying and you'll be fine. Two exams-midterm and final- essay/short answer-super easy. Just study. Easy A clas
5.0 : AMAZING!!!!!HE IS THE BEST professor at GMU. I had three hour lecture in his class and not once was I bored, I adore him and highly recommend him. I wish every Gmu teacher could be like him
5.0 : Wes  posts study guides for each chapter and if you study those a lot they will save you. Do every homework assignment and don't BS it. You will either get an A or F on it. There is a midterm and final- both are essay format. He grades hard- if the answer isn't perfect he'll easily take off  5-10 points.
5.0 : Three hour lecture but made it enjoyable. Gives breaks in between class and often lets you leave early. Essay due every week for homework which is pretty easy if done correctly and with care. Reads over random essays to prevent bs. Half of total grade is from 2 tests which are short answer questions, the other half is from the homework.
5.0 : The entire 3 hrs are filled with entertaining and informative lecture. I can visualize his stories and look forward to every class. Buy the book as the weekly BB question will have to be answered. 1 BB assignment weekly, super easy, 1 paragraph, completion grade. Mid and Final are short answer questions (8-10), show up and use his study guides, A+!
4.5 : Prof. Fleming is an awesome teacher, I love his lectures and he is clear from day one about what is expected of you in his class. The book is great to get, it really helps if you miss a lecture. His exams are pretty easy if you pay attention and take notes. I would recommend recording his lectures if you can. Overall great class and great professor
5.0 : The lectures are three hours, however he gives you a break in between. Very funny and truly a wonderful professor. He is clear about his expectations, but he is also very helpful &amp; if you need his assistance he is quick to reply to emails. Awesome guy. Has a motorcycle too.
4.5 : Thaddeus Fleming (he really goes by Wes) is a great professor. His lectures are so interesting, I actually look forward to his class every week. There are a few assignments and they're easy A's if you put some effort into it. He is hilarious, relatable, and really knows his stuff! Awesome Professor.
2.5 : A great and funny guy that tells a lot of informative stories, but horrible at e-mails and grading assignments. bi weekly assignments and a midterm + final. must read book.
4.0 : A whole lot of notes, tests are all short answer so make sure you take a lot of notes, a great guys always tried to make the class interesting.
4.0 : He's a little eccentric but it keeps things entertaining. Funny, talented, good guy. He knows a lot about the game industry. 4-5 quizzes on readings and lecture notes, two big projects. If you put in the effort you will pass. He wants to see you are trying.
5.0 : Prof. Grimsby is a very intense teacher.  His assignments are challenging but fair, and all clearly directed at building specific skills necessary to succeed in the field of game animation and art.  He always gives insightful feedback that have helped me to improve my skills greatly.
2.5 : He has a lot of passion for game design. However his class isn't the easiest, you have to put in a lot of time outside of class. There are 5 quizzes and two big projects.
4.0 : Professor Grimsby is overall a good professor. He knows the digital world very well and will be able to easily answer any questions you have for him. His lectures are long and often dull, but he cracks a joke here and there on occasion that makes them bearable.
5.0 : Best teacher in Mason Game Design. Builds you a good skillset and gives extremely detailed feedback on your projects. Each assignment will help improve your skills. Even though he's challenging, it's a good challenge that inspires you to do better. He respects when you go above and beyond on an assignment, and it will show on your grade. Great guy.
5.0 : Grimsby is a modeling machine. He is easily one of the most knowledgeable and skilled professors I've ever had. You will learn a LOT in this class, about both art and the games industry itself. Grimsby isn't an easy grader. He can tell when you procrastinated, and he can tell when you didn't try. Put the effort in and your grade will reflect that.
5.0 : A great professor for the program. Don't expect an easy A or B. You have to finish the projects on time and I would recommend getting started early as possible. Everything you need to succeed in this class is on his website. The tutorials are easy to follow and understand. There are no textbooks. Highly recommend if you are a serious Game Designer.
4.0 : Professor Schibuola is very knowledgeable of the material. He uses a lot of real life examples in class. Make sure you attend each class. He does take attendance.
4.5 : Alex made math econ very enjoyable and completely unintimidating . he does not drone on endlessly without interaction. I do not have a math background and was dreading this class, but it was not bad at all. He also let us make up exam problems for partial credit. super accommodating.
2.0 : If you are finding a professor who talk  more about real-life entreprenuership rather than teaching from books, he is your guy. Unfortunantly, i believe that he isn't a good teacher. He  is always busy to ask questions, slow in update, and grades depends on group projects. He is however a nice guy (extends project times when students are busy)
4.5 : One  of the best professor's I had at GMU. Young but very knowledgeable. I learned a lot about entrepreneurship in his class. He's also one of the better looking professors at GMU. You do have to work for your grade though. About 3 papers due throughout the course at a final exam in his class.
5.0 : Probably one of, if not the best professors at GMU. You can tell he actually cares about what he teaches and he wants to impart his knowledge and passion for entrepreneurship on his students. I highly recommend you take him for your mgmt electives. You come out feeling like you actually learned applicable skills from his class.
4.0 : Professor inspired me to think like an Entrepreneur. He introduced me to several resources that I could use . All of his classes are interesting. He keeps us engaged through open discussions and activities. He also lets each person in class present an idea. He is also the best looking professor  and most down to earth at GMU.
5.0 : He's the real deal. PhD with multiple CCIE/JNCIE certifications under his belt, he knows what he's talking about it. Your level of success is dependent on doing the labs, which are structured like an expert level lab exam. No walkthrough like 514/515; you must have some semblance of configuring at a CCNA level.
4.0 : Extremely good and passionate professor. The labs are challenging and the course content planned for the semester is well balanced.
5.0 : It is the best course offered in the TCOM department. He is an excellent professor. Very helpful. Very prompt in replying via email and clear your doubts.
5.0 : Very good person
4.0 : He is awesome with course structure and way he design labs. But coming to exams and grades, it is so hard that you finally loose confidence on what you learnt so far. However he is one good passionate professor. Thank you.
2.0 : Doesn't have office hour. Quizzes and exams questions are not well organized. Lab reports are graded too strictly.
3.0 : Labs are graded too too strictly. Marks are cut in unwanted places.
4.5 : Excellent teaching.
3.5 : He is good. And, he knows what he is teaching. I like that he is a little bit forceful to make sure we are reading through the stuff. At the same time he is tough and makes thing tough. His quizzes and lab makes it a bit tough but will help understand the concept. Strict yet good teaching. His quizzes makes it difficult to score good.
2.5 : Saeed is very knowledgeable in subject matter, answers questions rather quickly. Labs could use significant improvement. In the lab environment there is only one chance to get the correct output and since the class works at different paces, there is a high probability that you will miss something. On top of that, the lab grading is way to harsh.
3.5 : He's an outstanding expert in this field. Behaves professionally. Easy to approach, friendly and respectful. Replies quickly to emails. Weekly quizzes are a great way to evaluate your knowledge and learn more. Doesn't have office hours. Detail-oriented and strict about lab reports. Lectures and labs are good, but I think it could be much better.
5.0 : Best professor ever. Very knowledgeable. No one can beat him in this field.
4.0 : Professor Agbariah is very knowledgeable with real world experience. His quizzes are not easy but they prepare you for the exams. My only complaint is he will ask questions from other reference material not required or called out in the syllabus. Overall he is great professor, firm but fair and will answer emails promptly.
3.5 : Instructor is very knowledgeable about the subject in 514. I feel like the class was very fair and I would take him again. If you are coming into this class for an easy grade. Walk away. If you are coming into this class to learn, you have come to the right place. I had a bad experience with the TA teaching the labs. I learned a lot.
5.0 : Great professor. He is the one to take if you want to learn this material. The lectures are very thorough in covering the concepts and the labs accurately reflect what is being taught in the lecture. His quizzes and exams will come down to whether you know the material or not, so be sure to study.
5.0 : Took the summer section of this class. Same format as TCOM 514, so if you took that course, you will know what to expect. Study the lectures, text book readings, and labs and you will do fine.
5.0 : Mr. Agbariah is very knowledgeable with a real world experience. If you're interested in really learning about this stuff, you will get it from a very experienced professor who pays attention to small details that matter. He's not easy tho. I'd definitely take him again!
5.0 : Saeed, is a very helpful and knowledgeable teacher. He is for sure a SME in the networking world and I would definitely recommend him as a professor. You can tell he takes student feedback seriously, and tries to incorporate that into the learning environment.
5.0 : excellent class.
1.0 : Material is brutally boring. He doesn't follow the syllabus (which is filled with tons of typos - very unprofessional) and doesn't really show that he cares much about his students. The quizzes and exams are all online so that's easy but you have to go to class to do the group practicums. I would definitely avoid and take a more interesting course.
5.0 : Johannes Rojahn is a great professor. He is always kind and respectful to his students. He is always there to help students, he really does care about is students. The material is challenging at times but not impossible to understand. The Practicums are helpful to understanding the material, the quizzes are helpful as well. Great professor!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Johannes Rojahn is a great professor. He is kind and always helpful to his students. He is always respectful to his students and he cares about the class and the students. The material can be challenging at time but not impossible to learn. The quizzes and practicums are helpful in understanding the material. He's a great professor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4.5 : Good professor, good class. Is it dry? Yes. Then again, behaviorism itself is dry. Don't take this class expecting discussions and debates. Class is easy, as long as you do the work. Professor is always available to help if you need it. :)
4.0 : Very easy class! Do the practicums and the quizzes- which are really easy and really help with the exams. Professor is very sweet and helpful! Take the class if you want an easy A!
5.0 : I was a very annoying student (I admit it) when it came to attendance, but he was extremely nice/forgiving. He emails back and always let you know what he expected clearly. Any changes in syllabus were due to the weather and not his fault. Practica were easy, and online quizzes helped a lot. Midterm and Final are on BB. Very nice/smart! Recommend.
5.0 : This was a great class. If you do all your work then you will get a good grade. Our teacher was great!! He was very caring and responsive towards his students. He emails you in a prompt manner and is very patient in covering material you may not understand. One of the best professors I have had at Mason!!
4.5 : Great guy, great teacher. Genuinely wants his students to pass and be educated in what he teaches. Would reccomend. The class itself is composed of several projects that you handle at your own pace.
5.0 : Very nice guy who's passionate about his field of study.  Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy the class because the subject matter didn't interest me at all(class was required).  Midterm assignment was super easy, and the final was just the completion of a semester-long assignment called the Vicious Circle.  Don't miss his once-a-week classes though!
4.0 : class was boring, but this professor gives easy As as long as you try. I feel like I didn't learn anything though. Never paid attention in class. He gets side tracked somewhat easily. no text books
5.0 : The class is writing intensive so of course there is going to be long papers but he breaks them down and makes it easier to right. He's really passionate and nice but the entire class is just him rambling. I don't feel like I learned much but I would recommend him if you just want to get the writing intensive class out of the way.
5.0 : WOW!  I think this is the most invested professor I have had at Mason.  He truly goes out of his way to help you with assignments.  He is easily accessible at ALL hours, and goes above and beyond to guide you.  His class may seem a little disorganized at times, but it is only because he wants to give students hands on experience, not lectures.
5.0 : I enjoyed every class lecture. Professor is very knowledgeable in the field of Environmental Science Policy Making. This class was a must for my degree. It was worth my money and I did learn how to make a policy and how policies work.
5.0 : He was one of the best professors I ever had. He knows  a lot about environmental policy and will work with students if they have interest. Definitely take his class!
5.0 : He only asks you to do 1 group presentation, 1 group paper and 2 film reviews. The class was very easy with good lectures. I sometimes felt students did not respect him as much as they should have. This is a great and easy 300 level class
4.0 : Good Professor, works in the field, real life experience fair and to the point. Just do what  is required and you're fine.
5.0 : Professor Prasad is amazing! He is very good at explaining all the aspects of ArcGIS taught in this class and is very happy to help in anything you don't understand. He is a very liberal grader and tries to make sure his students genuinely understand the material he is trying to teach them. I highly recommend him!
5.0 : Dr. Prasad is not only an excellent teacher but an excellent listener as well. He values the students' opinions and knows how to get students to care about the material. He's also pretty laid back and makes lectures interesting; he doesn't just sit there and talk at you for hours.
4.0 : He is a very educated and knowledgable in his field, environment. Very fair grader, and wants students to learn and not just pass. I'm going to take another class with him.
4.0 : Took her for basic Econ 101 gen ed, very good professor. Keeps class interesting on what can sometimes be a dull subject. Showing up to class is a  good idea most test questions come from concepts covered in class and she awards attendance points. Class wasn't too demanding, only 3 homework assignments. Show up  and pay attention and youll get an A
1.5 : Not a good teacher overall. Does a bad job explaining what is going to be on the tests and does not give you any review. Miss a homework assignment and you cannot pass the class. Group work everyday which is a nuisance. Acts like she is better than you.
5.0 : In regards to her class, I do not agree with the person below me. I missed a total of 5 classes and did not do a homework assignment and still pulled away with an A!. Complete truth, there are many opportunities for credit if you miss class and she gives a extra credit assignment in which did help me get my letter grade. She is the best teacher.
3.5 : Charity-Joy is very passionate about economics. She is a tough grader. This class is great if you like economics but do not judge it off of high school econ, I made that mistake. Participation (just showing up) will be beneficial because she gives a lot of participation points. Tests are tough and mostly scenario based so study hard!
5.0 : Great guy, curves if the entire class fails, we had a 20 point curve last sem. If you study every word on the study guide and know it like the back of your hand you will get an A on the midterm/final. The project is kind of time consuming but is easy.
5.0 : great teacher! the classes sometimes seem a bit long, but if you do the work you should end up with an A.
5.0 : Great teacher, the subject is tricky, but that is not the professor's fault.
5.0 : Awesome Class.
5.0 : I highly, highly recommend taking this course.This class was 10 days full of once in a lifetime opportunities.The program fully utilized all of our time. We were able to experience Italy, Switzerland and Germany.We had private tours of the best stadiums, Olympic park, Fifa headquarters and SO much more.I will never forget this amazing opportunity.
5.0 : Easy class. Attendance counts for a grade, has powerpoint to go with the lesson. Tries to get people to participate and makes class interesting. Great professor, you meet once a week, and have modules to complete every Tuesday but they're easy. Study for the test and you'll be fine! lockdown browser but camera is on.
5.0 : Great professor. I love his random jokes
5.0 : AMAZING TEACHER!! STRAIGHT TO THE POINT! THE FIRST 2 EXAMS ARE HARD AND THE LAST 2 EXAMS ARE REALLY EASY!! THE EXAMS AND QUIZZES ARE ONLINE. SOME  OF THE CLASSES AND ASSIGNMENTS ARE ONLINE ALSO. ATTENDING CLASS IS PART OF YOUR GRADE!
4.5 : He's a great professor. Makes the best of a really complicated and ambiguous set of topics. The class is hybrid, so half of it is online, including the exams (with Respondus, of course). You need to go to class if you expect to pass. Attendance matters, and he explains the material very well. It would be impossible to understand without him!
5.0 : TAKE THIS ABROAD PROGAM!! It was an amazing experience that you will never find the chance to have again! AND you receive the class credit for the 9 day trip
5.0 : Great class!
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at GMU. Relates to students well, grading is extremely fair, keeps lectures interesting. Midterm and final are EXACTLY like the study guide. Didnt open the textbook once and got an A. Take this class.
5.0 : Best professor!!!! He rocks, strongly recommended he makes class enjoyable!
5.0 : Great teacher whose class is really easy.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had at GMU. And while his class is not easy, it is not hard to do well. If you simply do the work he tells you to do (pretty cleareasy rubric) then you'll do fine. It's an upper level class with upper level work.
5.0 : best professor at mason, interesting class
3.5 : He is a very good professor, will help you with anything and the classwork was not hard at all
5.0 : Great
5.0 : One of Mason's best.
5.0 : Awesome professor and person in general
5.0 : Took Research methods over the summer when it was accelerated, but even though there was a lot of work, I never felt overwhelmed. He is very clear in his expectations, and gives individual feedback throughout the class so students can make corrections. He is very pleasant and friendly, and I enjoyed going to class.
5.0 : GOAT of professors.
5.0 : Extremely nice &amp; very helpful. Very understanding and gives great feedback on paper.
5.0 : He is one of the absolute best teachers I have had at Mason!! Highly recommend taking his section of the Ethics course, or any other courses he offers!! Ethics required a fair amount of studying, but his study guides were extremely comprehensive and he was a great teacher! Overall,amazing!!
2.0 : Decent enough by my standards, but not the GOAT as was mentioned by another student on here
5.0 : Basically the best teacher I have ever had in college. Cares about the students 100%. One of the best professors you can get at Mason.
5.0 : Taken him at least once a year for four years now. Inspired me to become a sports management major, and has helped me along the way ever since. Hands down favorite professor of all time.
5.0 : He is super friendly and the class is like amazingly great.
5.0 : Make sure you show up for class and everything else will manage itself. Study guides are very clear and he cracks jokes time to time. Attendance is 23% so yeah.. If you dont understand American football you might not get 20% of the conversation but has nothing to do with the course(exams). He literally knows a lot about every sport though.
5.0 : took a study abroad trip with him and it was amazing. so i decided to take one of his classes for fun. learned a lot about sports. study the study guide. the only professor i will care about enough to rate. and you wonder why he is the 9th best prof in America?
5.0 : 201 Was a great class for an easy A. Great professor, cares about students success and is understanding. Tries to keep lectures interestingconversational. Didn't read the book once and didn't need to. Tests come from study guideslides and are curved. KNOW THEM and you'll get an A. Interview project took time but was fun and easy.  Go to class!
3.0 : make sure you study the study guide, most of the questions on the tests are from there. make sure you come to class. would take him again.
3.5 : He is extremely nice and approachable/helpful. However his lecture alone wont help you prepare for exams. Even reading the textbook isn't all that great in preparing you. Plus side is that 70% of test exams comes from previous exams. Get yourself a test bank and memorize as much as you can. Okay class overall. recommend him over others.
5.0 : One of the best professors at GMU by far. He genuinely cares about his students, and does whatever he can to help you succeed. Gives a little bit of extra credit on each test, as well as a generous curve, and will round up your overall grade if you show up to class regularly. Pulls exam questions from study guides he posts before each test.
4.5 : He's a really great guy. His lectures can be a little unclear, but he makes up for it by providing tons or resources to help you learn. He provides great study guides. Very student-friendly! I could see this class being really hard, but he makes it pretty easy. Tests ?'s come STRAIGHT from study guides. Just memorize them and read the book!
4.5 : Professor Schwebach is very helpful! He is there for you, if you don't understand.  very sociable, and trying to make his lectures interesting with many discussions! Although, this class is tough! Never take it as a mason core science class!
3.5 : Pretty straightforward class and Schwebach does whatever he can to help you out. There's 5 tests total including the comprehensive final and he drops one of them. Participation and iClickers are also a significant part of your grade and are big boosts. Passionate and very knowledgeable professor.
5.0 : I highly recommend taking Dr. Schwebach. He is an awesome lecturer and overall just an awesome guy. I found that the microbio class I took with him was a little disorganized, but maybe that was just because it was his first time teaching it.  Regardless, you won't regret taking his class, he's a real gem!
5.0 : Dr. Schwebach really cares about his students and will do everything he can to help you succeed both in his class and in your extracurriculars. I'm pre-med, and he helped me get a research position, which is huge. If you demonstrate to him that you're invested by trying hard in his class, and reach out to him, he will absolutely try for you.
4.5 : This professor is great!
3.0 : I only went to class for iclicker quizzes which do help your grade! his PowerPoint slides are pretty much useless but it's good to know what topics are gonna be on the test because he does skip slides. The test questions come from his study guides and a test bank. Read the book. That said, he is the nicest and most understanding teacher ever
4.0 : Very nice professor. He cares about his students. His lectures are not boring and actually tries to get his students to understand the material. He gives you study guides and practice exams to help you understand what kind of questions he will ask. Exams are not too bad. There are iclicker questions that arent too bad. highly recommended!
4.0 : take him, and you will not regret it. Most question come from Study guide. go to his office hours he will help you, sometimes he give extra credit. Almost every semester he curve like at least %3.
3.5 : Dr. Schwebach will try to give his students a better understanding. He will give you examples and make people ask you questions if you don't understand. He picks people at random to answer his questions but he won't try to ask you something too hard. His powerpoints are decent but i highly recommend to read the study guides and textbook!
5.0 : Dr. Schwebach is an amazing professor who really cares about his students. His lectures are amazing. His tests are super easy and he gives you power points and notes that you can study from. He is really hard-working and I recommend buying the book he written. The iclickers are easy, but don't buy till he ask for it.
5.0 : Cares much about students. Hard tests (most of it is based on the study guides he hands out), but decent curves. Calls on students randomly in class, so you must show up. Only qualms are that he tries too hard to pronounce students' names and ends up failing, and he is kind of arrogant. He is very kind, not a pushover, and wants students to succeed
4.5 : He wants everyone oh his students to do good in his class and will help you improve. He has orals for students who are struggling in the class which help a lot! 4 tests and 1 final, the lowest one gets dropped. Gives about 30-40% of test questions on review guides. Has iclickers and cards with students names that get called on for participation.
5.0 : He genuinely cares about his students insuring that they succeed in whatever path they want to take. He books GREAT guest speakers who broaden the idea of what jobs a "criminal justice degree" can lead to. Definitely take him if you have the chance. The best class at Mason, hands down.
5.0 : I LOVE THIS MAN! He is so kind and caring about his students. He still works for FCPD and he has so much experience so he's able to provide real life connections to the things he's teaching about. Seriously, if I could take him every semester I would. Take him!! You won't regret it.
5.0 : Prof. Ryan makes me want to stay a student forever just to I can take his class! I'm not even kidding. I tell everyone I know to take him at least once because he's everything a professor should be: kind, caring, compassionate about the subject, with incredible real life experience. He is a great professor and I learned so much from his class
5.0 : Great professor. Very easy class. No tests or quizzes. No text book. Just a few projects that are very easy. He's great to have as a reference. He has lots of experience and is more than willing to help his students who are looking for jobs in the law enforcement field. If you're a crim major I strongly recommend taking a class with him!
5.0 : Professor Ryan was fantastic! No exams, just reading journals,  a paper and one group presentation. He tells stories every class with his lectures and they are very fun to listen to. He has an attendance sheet so go to class... you won't want to skip because he's great. Easy class and a great professor. He really wants us to do well in the future.
5.0 : easy A. all u do is show up. 4 summaries from 300-400. 1 group presentation and 1 paper require 8 - 10 pages. very easy to do. do it when u have change don't wait until last minute. he is easy grader. Lecture always interesting. No textbook! No Quizzes! And No Exams! take him if u want an easy A and learn more in law enforcement.
1.5 : Cheryl Wood is probably one of the worst professors I've ever had. She is rude to her students and treats them like they're dogs. Her grading policy is unclear and she is unfair when it comes to assignments. Do not recommend.
5.0 : Midterm, final, group project, paper. Material is not difficult. Mrs. Wood is straight forward with what she expects from students. If you study her exam reviews and the chapter review questions then you shouldn't have any problem getting a good grade on the exams. She likes participation. She can be a little snappy at times. Def. recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Woods truly cares about the success of her students. Her lectures are clear and concise and are all posted on BB. Show up for class because attendance is taken. She is always lively in her lectures and you won't fall asleep. Teaches very well. Business experience will help you in the class to understand the material but the book can expand more
5.0 : Professor Wood is the greatest professor I've ever had. She has her way to make the class so interesting (in-class activities, videos, etc.). There are only 2 multiple choice exams, NO FINAL EXAM. She takes attendant every class. However, if you have good attendant, she may do you some favors. With little effort, you can get an A easily.
3.5 : Prof. Wood is really good at explaining the materials, however, the materials nowhere matches the difficulties of the 2 exams.  The final group project and presentation were super easy.  1 paper, 2 exams, and a final project is all it takes.  DO NOT USE TECHNOLOGY (PHONE, TABLET, ETC.) IN HER CLASS.  SHE WILL POINT YOU OUT.
2.0 : this teacher is tough but you can get an A if you turn in all your work on time and participate in class. she absollluetey does not give out easy A and you realy have to work for it. I would not recommend taking her if youre looking for a class to get an easy A in though she does teach very well and explaiins the assignment well. just too much work
5.0 : Dr. Cheryl Wood is by far, one of the best Professors I ever had. She is engaging and charismatic. If you pay attention and do the assigned reading there is no reason why you shouldnt do well in her class. Easy A class. If you ever have the opportunity to take her class I highly recommend that you do. She is simply the best Professor at GMU.
5.0 : She is a good professor and a fairly easy grader. Tests questions are all from the power points. Only one paper for the entire semester and it only has to be three pages long. If you have the chance take MSOM301 with her as long as you show up to class and pay attention you will get an A.
4.0 : Great teacher. Clear-cut grading criteria. Takes attendance before * after class, so attending class is a must. Tests are MC, one short paper where you interview a manager and relate it to textbook concepts. Study the textbook in conjunction with the slideshows (she puts them on Blackboard) and you'll do fine. Group project for final was easy.
2.5 : This class was a joke. Professor is horrible as an actual professor-did not learn from her-but she doesn't make the exams so you don't have to pay attention. READ TB! Exams are straight off the book. Memorize definition. Takes attendance. Try to comment on something every class just so she knows you're present. Be ready to teach yourself.
4.5 : Even though the material is pretty straightforward (get the textbook!) and the exams are from the book, I'd still show up for attendance. Plus, Prof. Wood is a good lecturer and will keep you entertained. I would definitely take her for MBUS 301 if you can. Two exams, a paper, and a presentation. Totally doable.
5.0 : Good, friendly and helpful teacher. I'm not a business student but this class was required. Note there is a group presentation. She has a strict no technology policy in her class, even for note taking. Attendance is graded. Textbook is used.
5.0 : He is one of the best at GMU. Weekly quizzes and assignments. No midterm just a final. If you do the in class exercise you are good to go. Should get an A
5.0 : Nathan Dorfman (THE DORF, THE EPIC) is the best. He was a great student senator and a great "Prof" even though he wasn't, he had the knowledge to be. Long live the Dorfman!
2.0 : I selected this professor based on the great reviews he had. Two classes in I knew the comments were fake. No one in my class enjoyed themselves during his lectures. He self-assigned a textbook that wasn't ready to be printed. The class was not difficult. Nice guy, but I would never take another class of his.
5.0 : Prof Valdes is GREAT!Take him, Take him, Take him. He is a deep thinker very reasonable, he knows his stuff. Very passionate. I wish GMU has more of him. Read his book and you will learn a lot. I wish I can take his class again. I was sick and missed few classes but I read the book throughout the semester and learned a lot. He is simply Great!
5.0 : Take him, Take him, Take him. He is a deep thinker very reasonable. He knows his stuff. Very passionate. I wish GMU has more of him. Read his book. You will learn a lot. I wish I can take his class again. I was sick and missed few classes but I read the book throughout and learned a lot.
2.0 : I took this professor based on the ratings here. He's not at all what people say. Valdez is very confusing in explaining key concepts. Most of the class had trouble understanding what he was saying and did not enjoy the class. Easy grader though. Easy A. Don't take him if you actually want to learn something in bioethics.
3.0 : In the beginning the class was very confusing and quite boring too. It got easier as the class went on and little effort was required. Makes you buy his book even though we used it once. 4 quizzes, 1 presentation, and 2 papers. Would take him over the other bioethics teachers if possible. Plus he cancels class a lot too!
5.0 : If you used the book only once, well that was your problem. He is a great lecturer. I learned a lot in this course.
2.5 : He knows so much about bioethics though the class is sometimes confusing...but he is nice and will answer all your questions, so ask questions! And he is so handsome!!
5.0 : At the beginning the course was a little hard, so much theory. However, the professor is really knowledgeable, he knows a lot about bioethics and philosophy. Practical exercises were very helpful to understand how to apply principles on moral reasoning. Take him, he is a great teacher. And yes, he is handsome.
5.0 : Great and nice professor. Very knowledgeable, he knows a lot about bioethics and philosophy.
3.0 : He is an easy grader and it's a pretty simple class, but he is very hard to understand and he cancels class a lot, I had a 9am and it was an annoying to rush there and find out class was canceled because he takes attendance exactly at 9:01. There were 4 quizzes lowest one was dropped 2 papers and 1group presentation!
5.0 : She knows what she is talking about and teaches you a lot. She is very kind and makes you feel comfortable to voice your opinions. Also, her outfits are ON POINT. Such a great professor-highly recommended !
5.0 : She's an amazing professor and has a lot of knowledge with her respected professional background. The course itself however, has a lot of unnecessary work that doesn't go along with what the course is. It's not her though since she's following the Cornerstones lesson plans. Great professor but unfortunately the course was planned horribly by NCC
5.0 : best prof I ever had, it was an honor to be in her class!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Wow, she is fantastic as a professor. Her lectures are fantastic and well thought out. She cares about her student's opinions, and genuinely wants get students to learn and succeed. She knows her stuff and is so happy to share her work and her passion for it with students. Class is tough, there are group projects, but the content is worth it.
5.0 : NOURA IS THE G.O.A.T
5.0 : Great professor! She is good at communicating and clarifying and the class doesn't feel overwhelming. There will be a decent bit of work, most of it reading, and participation and attendance is highly recommended for good grades. I feel this is a great class, though, and that Prof. Erakat is willing to help you when you need it.
5.0 : Gud prof. Really care about students . Must take her .
5.0 : Mrs. Erakat is an amazing professor! She really cares about her students, and is very passionate about what she teaches. She assigns a lot of readings, and participation is a must. If you attend her classes, and do the assigned work you will get an A. I cannot wait to take another class with her!
5.0 : I absolutely loved Noura! Going in I was a bit intimidated, but don't let all her achievements scare you! She really is there to help you when you need it and gives great feedback on papers to help you improve. Would definitely take another class of hers in a heartbeat! Be warned though, this class is NOT for slackers.
5.0 : I came into this class knowing very little to nothing about International Human Rights at all, let alone in the Middle East, but I am leaving the course feeling like I have gained a lot of necessary knowledge on topics in the Middle East. She makes the class very engaging and is very inspirational. You have to work for the grade but it's worth it!
5.0 : Probably the best teacher Ive had at GMU. Knows her stuff and presents it in a way that kept the class interested all throughout the semester. She genuinely cares about your success in the course and in life. Learned a great deal about myself, about law, and about justice. Coursework itself was just a lot of reading and working to comprehend it
4.5 : Dr. Snyder can explain the materials well and he knows what he's talking about (duh!). The class is hard as it's more like a weed out course. Don't expect curves and no, you can't pass it if you don't take it seriously. Expect to spend beautiful sunny weekends inside working on the projects.
3.5 : I hated CS112 &amp; only passed because I had a tutor, but I definitely recommend Snyder! He was very enthusiastic about programming and made the class enjoyable. Try to sit in the front, class sizes are HUGE.
4.0 : Dr. Snyder is quite confrontational with his policies. He doesn't mess around. Don't take his course if you think you'll just cruise through it. The projects are time consuming. His exams were tricky, but maybe he was just trying something new this semester. He's still among the best CS professors at GMU. Take him, he's worth it.
5.0 : Snyder is probably the best professor in the CS department. His instructions are clear and he gets his students excited about the course. Don't skip class because he gives huge hints for projects during lecture. His class is tough and be ready to work. But once its over, you will have a solid foundation for future programming courses.
4.5 : Prof. Snyder is an excellent professor, and a very nice person. Cs367 is definitely a difficult subject to learn and teach for anyone. But Snyder tried his best to teach it and cover req material, he's always energetic, and passionate about CS. Test are a little challenging, but i think is cuz Snyder has high expectations, as he should.  Highly rec
5.0 : Dr. Snyder is a sharp professor. He strives for excellence during lecture. His assignments make lecture challenging but fun. Not too difficult, but not to easy to make them boring.  I noticed some professor don't seem very passionate to teach, maybe they are busy with their research. But with all honesty Dr. Snyder shows his passion for teaching!
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. Extremely friendly and approachable. Computer science is his favorite subject and teaching is his dream job, no professor could be better.
4.0 : Dr. Snyder is pretty much the ideal professor - kind, very helpful, clear and entertaining. I didn't need the textbook shown on the bookstore, but we used an online interactive textbook. Great professor.
5.0 : Great CS professor. Very helpful, clear and is there for you. His projects aren't too hard but if you need help, you can always get it from him. He stays after class for students that have questions and tries to get all your questions answered. Very friendly person to approach. I would recommend for CS112. I'm taking him again for CS211.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is the best Computer Science professor in the entire universe. Unlike other professors, he stays after his office hour to help his students and get them back on track. I highly recommend Professor Snyder for anyone who is looking for a good/nice/cool professor for CS 112 and CS 211.
5.0 : The man, the legend, the meme. Greatest CS undergrad teacher I've had so far. 10/10 would take CS 112 again.
5.0 : Very nice, super cool, &amp; a great teacher. Very patient with questions. If you have any aptitude for CS this is an easy class. Not that you won't have to work: you will, and some of the later material can be tricky, but it's not rocket science, &amp; he's good at explaining it. Tests no problem (no curve), &amp; a few chances for extra credit.
5.0 : You will definitely like Professor Snyder. I did too. Snyder excessively honor codes though with little evidence. If you take his class be very careful. I would suggest that you don't take his class.
4.5 : Honestly one of the best professors on campus. Sometimes I wonder where he gets all the energy. But his enthusiasm makes me excited about CS too. I could listen to him talk all day
4.5 : No prior CS exp. took 112 with Snyder and learned so much! Prof. Snyder shows enthusiasm during lectures while also maintaining focus on the concepts he is teaching. You can read other reviews to get a better idea of his teaching style, but if you keep up with the reading, attend lectures, and put in the work (projects) you will pass the course.
5.0 : You have like 5 - 6 projects worth 30-40% of your grade. He drops 1. There are lab tasks ( you code and submit right there) and hand written quizzes. He drops 2. He uses zybooks as a txtbk and tophat to take attendance and practice. You get 3 tokens that allow you to turn things late and if you save them you get extra credit.
4.5 : This class is VERY tough, but Professor Snyder does his best to help every student. Lectures are clear and concise, he will answer all questions, and will personally help you with projects in his office hours. The projects and class overall will be hard, but if you attend lecture and utilize office hours (His Teaching assistants) you will pass.
4.5 : Grade is mainly composed of 7 coding projects, 2 midterms and a final. With the projects, you are given 2 weeks to complete them. Sometimes 1 or 3 weeks.. but usually 2. Programming isn't for everyone, however Prof. Snyder realizes this and teaches the material to the best of his ability and is more than happy to answer any questions. I RECOMMEND!!
3.5 : This was the hardest class I have ever taken, and professor Snyder makes it even harder. He goes over the materials very fast. Projects are very hard. You've got 15 mins in lab to solve a hard coding problem so it is very stressful. I dont recommend him!!
4.5 : Absolutely fantastic! One of (if not the) best CS professors on campus. He understands the difficulty of the course and is always willing to give additional help. He doesn't have the arrogance many other professors have towards students, very humble guy, down to earth, and friendly. He will make you love CS.
4.5 : He's a great lecturer, although he speaks a bit too fast sometimes, it could be problematic because it takes awhile to absorb all the information in. His exams were fairly easy. He's very flexible when he grades exams and he does offer extra credit points. CS 211 was quite a challenge but if you come to class (mandatory) he goes over projects!
5.0 : Took Dr. Snyder for 112 and now 211. Learned a lot from him. He is a great instructor who cares about his students learned. Friendly to approach, nice to talk to. If you dont understand, he takes the time to re-explain. Projects were semi-difficult. Tests were semi-difficult as well. One of the best CS professors I've had. Hope to have him later!
4.0 : Fun, passionate about the subject and good at explaining the concepts. As a person previously unfamiliar with any coding language, I had no problem understanding his lectures . Don't be afraid to ask questions, attend lectures, and don't start on the projects the day before the due date. Tests are hard, but manageable.
5.0 : Dr. Snyder one of the best professor in the CS department in my opinion. Extremely smart guy, always willing to help, he expects a lot from students, so most of his test and hws aren't that easy, but you will certainly learn!!! I wish mason had more professors like snyder.
4.0 : This class is hell, but of all the professors to take the class with.. take it with Snyder. Projects are incredibly difficult but if you start as soon as they're assigned, you'll be okay. You HAVE to study for this class. Showing up to every class helps because he drops hints for exams and the projects too.
5.0 : You gotta work hard to stay ahead of the projects because they can snag you quickly. Snyder is a great lecturer and will help you finish successfully if you listen to his tips.
5.0 : A VERY DIFFICULT &amp; TIME CONSUMING CLASS...Snyder is really the best though! He is so clear and straight forward...very accessible and willing to take questions in class. Take him over Kauffman, unless you want to be challenged even more.
4.5 : The BEST professor in CS dept I have known so far. Very passionate, smart, and friendly guy. His lectures are little fast but you won't fall behind. Homework are fun, worth your effort. Projects are not hard but not easy to be finished in 1 day. You will learn a lot from him.  Take him and you will not regret. Strongly recommended!!!
5.0 : I've had Prof. Snyder for CS 112 and CS 211 and I have to say he's hands down the best professor at GMU. He is extremely helpful, nice, and a great lecturer. You do have to work hard but the projects and tests are pretty fair and he is always more than willing to help students when they ask for it. I wish he was teaching more upper level CS classes
5.0 : Simply the best CS professor in GMU CS department. Take him to get an A for sure. However, you have to study though.
5.0 : THE BEST professor in the GMU CS department. Take him for both CS 112 and CS 211. Easy A. Amazing lectures.
5.0 : Good professor. CS 211 is a project based class so going to class isn't necessary, but will help bc he explains the projects and material in detail. Start projects as soon as you get them, use friends to help with the labs (collaborating is ok for labs!) and get comfortable looking at java docs for more info. He's also available in office hours.
5.0 : Professor Snyder was amazing and his method of teaching was very helpful. He is very enthusiastic and committed to the class, and makes sure to meet the standards of all learners, whether they are completely new to programming/coding or already have knowledge on the subject. Overall, I'd definitely recommend him and take a class with him again.
5.0 : I've taken 211 and 112 with Snyder, and he's probably the all around best professor I've had at GMU. Easily accessible, Extremely helpful during office hours, very fair grading, and eager and well spoken during lecture sessions. He will often go in to the importance behind a concept introduced during the lecture, which always helps me learn.
5.0 : One of the Best Professors at GMU
5.0 : Dr. Snyder is caring, friendly, and approachable. He explains the material really well, and is also accessible outside of class. Take him!!
5.0 : Dr. Snyder is caring, friendly, and approachable. He explains the material really well.  Definitely go to his office hours if you need help because he is helpful. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : I highly recommend Dr. Snyder for both CS112 and CS211
4.0 : Snyder is the best CS professor without a doubt. That being said, it is really easy to lose him in lecture if you havn't prepared before hand. You really need to read beforehand to get a good grasp of the concepts. This is a really really hard class but snyder is very helpful and always encourages people to ask questions.
4.5 : Respectful. Very clear, will provide more if asked. People don't realize that he has to check for any plagiarism. All CS prof. @ gmu do. He just repetitively warns us bc he cares for us. The lectureproj specs are made collectively with the CS depart. so don't expect him to fix them to fit the class agenda better. Makes class lively and fun
5.0 : Professor Snyder is amazing. If you missed something in the lectures, or if you didn't understand something, you can go over his lecture slides and get help. Great professor and am looking forward to taking CS 211 with him next year. There is an online textbook called Zyante which you need to complete in order to pass.
5.0 : Hes a great guy and very nice. He is a great teacher and tries to help his students, can't think of anything bad to say about him, take him.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best teachers I have ever had. I found myself WANTING to go to class, which you don't really expect out of any college classes. You literally can't hate him even if you tried. He just makes class so enjoyable, and he seems to love what he is doing. For this reason,I like to call him the CS God. 100% recommend taking his class!
2.5 : I have to say Dr. Snyder is a really nice guy. He is willing to help, and is happy to answers questions. On the other hand the class curriculum is terrible. This is one of the toughest classes you will ever take in college, and yes it is a 100 level class. The test average is always low (69)  and they never consider doing a curve. Good luck!
5.0 : great class
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors I have. I have never programmed before in my entire life prior to this class, and this man just made me fall in love with computer science, he explains everything so well and he's just great. To get an A: attend all lectures and take notes, and do Zyante on your free time. I repeat; do Zyante on your free time.
5.0 : A Great professor who's very clear about the material in his lectures. He's very good at explaining the material and answers questions very well.  The projects are given with clear expectations that are fairly hard to fail if you put in a reasonable amount of time, and the tests are always fair and about the material that he went over in lecture.
4.5 : Great Prof! Im a beginner in programming and his lectures were helpful in addition to Zyante readings/TopHat(similar to iclicker).  Not to mention, projects are hard but help you develop your skills as class progresses. Tests are fair and reflect what was taught. Prof is great at clarifying and is there for you to understand the material.
5.0 : Best computer science professor at mason!! I wish he taught more classes! 367 is a relatively difficult course with a lot of materials to get through. Prof. Snyder's teaching style made everything so clear. Super encouraging and helpful inside and outside the classroom! Make sure to keep up with material, don't try to cram the night before the exam
5.0 : Prof. Snyder is hilarious! Makes the class even though it's very difficult for someone who's never done coding before, but he makes it very interesting. Go to his office hours for help, he simplifies things so you understand them better. Only downside is that you don't pass the final you don't pass the class. Passing final is 60% but class is 70%!
1.0 : Dr Snyder is an okay professor. After first half the semester he only read the slides he copies from the textbooks site without explanation. His office hours were always packed, unlike othe professor. Is it because he might not be doing a good job at teaching? Professor white, Kinga, Otten are much better educators. Snyder just disappointed me
5.0 : CS 367 is a filter class; therefore, it is difficult by nature. However, Prof. Snyder is a great professor. He is extremely passionate and thorough with the material necessary to excel in future CS courses and topics. He gives A, B, or Cs, no A- crap, what a nice guy!  Don't  mistake the quality of a professor with the difficulty of the course.
1.0 : After the 2nd half of the semester Dr. Snyder struggled give lecture. He only seemed to be in a hurry to cover as much material possible. I found that the author of the textbook had his own lectures saved in his site. So I stopped going to his class and wasting time in his office hours. Snyder seems to only be good for Cs112 not Cs367
5.0 : Awesome guy. Makes programming interesting by making nerdy jokes about it in class. REALLY helped keep me awake and inspire interest in the subject. I have a friend who had a really boring professor for programming and I felt lucky to have Snyder. I gave him 100% on easiness because all CS sections have the same difficulty level but he's helpful.
4.5 : I can't 100% agree with all the reviews for Fall 2015 CS367. Snyder covered all the important materials that we need to know for future 400 level courses. However, i believe the problem was that He spent time talking about some less important things, and students were confused what to focus on for studying the exams. But THE EXAM WERE REALLY EASY!!
5.0 : Excellent teacher, passionate about Spanish but doesn't expect you to be. Simpatico, will work with you if you need it. I did better than I expected, and I give him full credit.
5.0 : Professor Bowen was an EXCELLENT Spanish professor at the 210 level. As a student who struggled in Spanish 110 with his teaching style I was able to excel and get an A. I worked very hard in the class and the material was challenging. However, the way it was taught made the information understandable. 100% recommend prof. Bowen
5.0 : This guy is the man. He cares and he takes it easy on those who are not experts in spanish. He appreciates your work and encourages you to grow in your abilities. One of the best courses I have taken at Mason. I highly recommend Professor Bowen. TAKE HIS CLASS! Side-note, he reminds me of Matt Damon. Thats always a plus.
4.5 : This man is awesome! I am so sad that he is not coming back next year :-(. He is honestly a GPA booster BUT you actually learn in his class. He understands that a foreign language is hard to learn and he is very patient with all of his students. Also that man was major eye candy!
5.0 : Prof. Bowen is amazing. He's working on his PhD, and is really laid back and understanding. It's nice to learn Spanish from someone who is a native english speaker. He's wonderful, and I'd take him again if I could. Take his class!
4.5 : Amazing professor, he respects the students and understands that learning a language isn't necessarily the easiest task ever.  Really willing to work with you to help you learn the material and is a beyond fair grader.  Most of us were disappointed that he isn't teaching 210 next semester so we could take his class again.
4.5 : Bowen is amazing, everyone in my class loved him and was disappointed he wasn't teaching 210 next semester. He's super chill, relaxed, understanding, and willing to help anyone anytime. He genuinely cares about his students. Easy grader. Highly recommend taking a class he is teaching.
5.0 : He's easy and nice. Although its a foreign language, his classes are a little boring to some extent to no point being there but you have to for attendance and participation grades.
5.0 : I have one word for Dr. Marr: AMAZING. I recommend him to everyone I know. His power-points  are very straight-forward (and are posted to BlackBoard!). He is easily the best CDS130 teacher at GMU and I couldn't speak more highly of him. Attend his lectures and do the homework and do the study guides before tests and you will get an A.
5.0 : He was awesome. The material wasn't hard to understand but he also made it much easier to get. Lots of extra credit, easy grader, and very very nice. There was never a question he thought was stupid. You will like Dr. Marr!
5.0 : Professor Marr is awesome! I never got bored during class + he explained everything clearly! His grading is fair 100%. ATTEND CLASS.  Homework is important so make sure you do it and ask for help if you're confused. Professor Marr really wants his students to do well in his class and he is super approachable! I would for sure take his class again!
5.0 : Great teacher!!
1.0 : Don't take his class. He is nice and has interesting lectures but he gives graded homework that is impossible to do on your own at home. You have to go to after class hours to help because his powerpoints, which are also the textbook for this class, do not give enough information to know how to complete the homework.
5.0 : Dr. Marr is one of my favorite professors! He is a sincere guy, who actually cares about his students, and is there for them. He gives help whenever anyone needs it, and even points you in the right direction when you study for exams, and makes time for questions. No textbook. Two exams. Extra credit. I Would def. take this course again!!
5.0 : After taking this class with him, I actually got a minor in CDS. He's a wonderful teacher who is passionate and motivated about this class and it makes the class all the more fun! He's readily available either in person, via text or email. If you have the chance, take him!
5.0 : Dr. Marr is just the best!! I cannot believe just how much I actually learned from a required computer class hahah. He is super smart and makes everything very easy to understand. He gives extra credit and never tries to trick you on the exams. He provides the texts and materials so you don't have to spend money, need I say more?
5.0 : Dr. Marr is the professor every college student wishes for. He offers a lot of extra credit, his study guides are a GOOD representation of his exams (winkwink). NO MINUS GRADES IN HIS CLASS, and he has a good history of 50%+ having an A in his class. Plus, he made me love image processing and programing. Just an overall good hearted fella.
5.0 : He will always be my favorite professor at Mason. I could never ask for a better professor than him. He works for his students. It's almost impossible to fail his class, unless you really don't care about your grades at all. I wish he taught all of my classes. TAKE THIS MAN, he is a blessing. VERY smart man, but never arrogant.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had, seriously! I can't say enough good things about Joe, he's super knowledgeable and explains everything perfectly. He gives tons of extra credit, doesn't give minus grades, and provides study guides that are a close representation of the tests. Because of his class I decided to pursue a minor in CDS.
5.0 : This is absolutely the best classroom experience I have ever had (been to 3 difference universities.) Dr. Marr brought an amazing amount of energy the entire time, and kept me engaged. He broke down very complex concepts and ideas into very basic elements. HIGHLY recommend Dr. Marr. I truly wish all professors had his work ethics and experience.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor. He could teach CDS to ANYONE! He's so clear about what he expects from the class, and really cares whether or not you understand the material. LOTS of extra credit to make sure you stay okay. Recommended!
5.0 : I struggled with CDS, but I probably wouldn't have done as well had I not had Dr. Marr.  He is an enthusiastic lecturer, and really wants his students to do well in his class.  He WILL help you with your grade... it is incorporated into his teaching style and syllabus.  I went to office hours tutoring weekly and it made all the difference!
3.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS FOR YOUR IT CREDIT! I made this mistake thinking this class was going to be a breeze. He gives homework that is waaaaay harder than what you will learn during his lecture. If you do find yourself in this class: do all the HW to the best of your ability (gives ALOT of partial credit) and go to the study sessions!!
5.0 : EXCELLENT prof! Took the 5wk summer sesh. It moves fast but he makes it doable &amp; goes above &amp; beyond to help students pass. If you fail, it's b/c you didn't try. He's very understanding, grades fairly &amp; responds quickly to emails. Several TA's for support + very helpful office hours. HW is excellent test prep! DO ALL OF IT! ASK QUESTIONS! Take him!
5.0 : CDS is very difficult, but Dr. Marr makes it much better. If I didn't have him I would have failed! I took advantage of all office hours and email correspondences with him and TAs. They were all very helpful and patient! The way they set up grading with hw and extra credit makes it hard to get less than a B!
5.0 : CDS-490 is a great class to take for your career development. Dr. Marr is very inspiring and he's a great mentor, and you get to do research with him on cutting edge projects. It looks amazing on your resume, and the class is an easy A as long as you put in some work. Absolutely recommend that you take CDS-490 with him if you can!
5.0 : He is the best professor I have had in GMU. He is always willing to help his students and gives tons of extra credit. If you ever want to take CDS 130 take it with him.  There are homeworks assigned which are very helpful and reasonable. I took this class during summer and did really well.
5.0 : Dr. Marr is the best prof to take CDS with! He is very patient and understanding. If you follow his ppts exactly (they are crystal clear!), you are practically guaranteed an A. You have to study, but Dr. Marr makes learning enjoyable. He is ALWAYS there to help. Amazing and inspiring prof. Plus the stories he shares are so much fun! Take his class!
5.0 : Weekly HW packets covers PPT in class which is fairly easy and mirrors exams. Kind guy, helpful during class and after during his hours. Math oriented (things you've learned in HS i.e probability) but goes into coding with Matlab majority. I've never used Matlab and learned throughout, so ask for help if you're new too! NO TEXTBOOK! All info on BB.
5.0 : If you have the opportunity to take CDS-490 with Dr. Marr then I definitely recommend it! The course is focused on research projects done under Dr. Marr's guidance and it is a great way to gain exposure to independent thinking under an extremely accomplished mentor.  As long as you do the work, you will get an A along with a great experience!
5.0 : Let me tell you about my manz joe.  He genuinely cares about his students and understanding of beginners who have never programmed before.  Attendance isn't mandatory but its helpful, but all the lessons are on BB.  Easy grader and easy class, would definitely recommend it if you have room in your schedule.  By far my favorite professor at GMU.
4.0 : Hes pretty good, the only complaint I would have is that it would seem that every other CDS professor was easier than he was. Anyone i talked to who was taking CDS with another professor said they hadn't covered nearly as much information as our class had covered.  His tests were pretty hard but if you study they are passable. Decent Professor
4.0 : ok.  the class is made up of two exams, 4 extra credit exams (2 towards hw, 2 towards tests).  Way way too much hw for a 100 level class.  be prepared for a lot of hw.  if computer science is not your thing.  skip this class.  teacher is extremely helpful though.
5.0 : Easily one of the best teachers I've ever had. He explains the content in a way that's easy for students to understand. Also on top of dropping the two lowest homeworks, he offers many extra credit quizzes for extra homework and test points. The test study guides are very clear and similar to the actual tests. Wish all my professors were like him.
4.0 : Do NOT take this class as your IT requirement if you're not good with computers, programming, or math. Professor Marr is a nice guy with a great deal of knowledge surrounding the subject. However, the homework is extensive and takes hours to complete each week and his course covers more material than the other courses and moves quite quickly.
5.0 : Grading is clear, Professor Marr is accessible outside of the class, including his assistants. He keeps you up-to-date with what to expect in class, such as extra credit, quizzes, lectures, and homework. Homework is very important as well as the exams. Professor Marr cares about his students, so if you are struggling make sure to ask questions.
5.0 : Joe is the kind teacher who you're going to remember long after the final exam. He's a phenomenal lecturer who is clearly passionate about teaching. He loves it when questions are asked. This class covers a lot of material in a lot of different areas, ranging from the basics of pattern recognition to modeling with systems of recursion relations.
4.0 : Great professor. Book not needed at all. Attendance mandatory. Overall very interesting class.
5.0 : Overall he is a great prof, but This topic is very DRY. Attendance counts and the midterm and final are harder than expected, you really do not need the book.
4.0 : He is a nice professor but if you are not into budget and finance the topic is extremely dry. You do not need the book. Midterm and Final are alright but questions can be confusing. He provides a thorough study guide. The current event and group project are easy. The budget analysis paper took some time to get into but was not too bad.
5.0 : Great professor who truly cares for his students success. Two exams that are half true/ false and half multiple choice. As long as you study his power points (power points trumps book) and the cases you will be fine. However, a lot of reading is required in order to do well.
5.0 : Lectures are solid and has practical use, like housing contracts. Prof. makes the discussions about court cases interesting and funny. Expect to read before class and study A LOT (it's a law class!) for your midterm and final (40% ea), those are pretty tough. Sample questions help a lot so go to class. He is happy to take questions.
5.0 : Easy grader with true interest in students.
5.0 : Super easy and laid-back! Chillest guy ever! Tells you what you need to do and the rest of the time you're with your lab partners, but he's always there to help; sometimes he even gives you the answers. You have to submit your labs beginning of class, but pretty simple if you and your group work together. Presentation in the end, but really fun.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors at Mason! I don't just say that lightly. She works with you and wants her class to pass. She is a huge health advocate and wants you to learn more than anything. She will give you an A as long as you try and show that you care and are learning! Take herrrr! One discussion post 3 journals 2 exams 1 project-A
5.0 : Excellent experience. She is extremely up-front with her expectations and will give you all the tools you need to succeed. Her class format included a lot of film applications, reading case studies and discussion about issues in family and health communication. She is encouraging and positive in her feedback.
4.0 : She's a wonderful professor! She doesn't have an attendance policy and I always looked forward to going to her class. The exams were a bit challenging  but there are plenty of other assignments you can complete to earn points. I highly recommend her!
3.0 : The professor ties every lecture to real life scenarios. At first it was interesting, but after attending several classes you begin to realize that the reason he does this is because he does not fully understand the material. Other students recommend taking the course with Kathryn Laskey  because she explains the material well.
3.5 : The class itself seemed like a filler class for the department, very tedious and boring work. The project was the only good thing about the class. Pick your groups wisely as you will be stuck for the whole semester. Exams are open note prof Ferreiro is a fair grader and gives good feedback. Please don't buy the textbook, huge waste of money.
4.5 : The class has a ton of reading, but robust class participation on comment boards and class participation helps. The main project for the class was very involved, but very fulfilling. Studying for the final can be scary due to the vast amount of readings. However, it isn't unmanageable, especially if you work in a study group (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED).
4.0 : Easy class. Textbook is available if you look really hard. Tedious work. Nothing too complicated. Online classes have a weekly discussion board with posting and replying. For midterm/final it's just making a board game. No artistic skill needed. He supposedly looks at gameplay/balance.
4.0 : Extremely easy class. Homework consists of 3 reflections which can be done without using the textbook. There's a free pdf copy of textbook online if you need it. And throughout the year you work on a single project with your group and your final is showing off your project. He takes attendance so go to class. A achieved effortlessly.
5.0 : Great Professor who cares about the students and easy to take, plus you can meet a lot of nerds just like you in the class. I would take the class if you need it or want to, it's a great easy grade and if you get an A- he will bump it up to an A.
4.5 : I think the class has been changed. Now there are no written tests and essays, just one semester long group project where you make a board game. The teacher is snarky, funny, and pretty cute. He's a harsh grader, but in the way where it's hard to get an A, but easy to get a B. If you want an A, you will really have to come up with something crazy.
3.0 : Thought it would be an easy A, but he did change it from previous semesters, you have to make a board game for the midterm and final which isnt hard just a little time consuming. He's a bit harsh grader but he eased up in the end and gave us extra credit. Would recommend to all.
5.0 : One semester-long board game project. Weekly discussion board posts on the chapter or questions he posts that week. Follow the guidelines and requirements on the syllabus exactly as it is stated! So long as there aren't any flaws in your game or design and you have followed his syllabus you should be fine. Minimal work outside of class. Took online
5.0 : This is one of those project based classes where you can easily get an A if there are no flaws or only a few flaws in your design and you have followed the instructions and syllabus. Just make sure you don't have any issues within your group because that can affect your grade along with your group members.
5.0 : took it online in the summer, you basically have units you read and write a post on every week and reply to your classmates every week. Board game mid term and revised board game final
4.0 : Fun class, took it online. If you enroll in the in-class section, you will do the semester project in a group. If you enroll in the online section, you will do the project individually, so keep that in mind. He curves grades, very generous. I'll never look at board games the same way again. It's a good thing :)
5.0 : I went into this class knowing nothing about gaming and still got an A+. It's a project based course so your only assignments are weekly discussion board posts and to make a board game. I struggled with my game and Professor Randon was very helpful and pretty much told me what to fix to get an A. He's also an easy grader and curves everything.
5.0 : I don't know why everyone's complaining about him.  This was probably the easiest class I've taken in college.. Exams, HW, and Quizzes are all open notebook and textbook.  I literally skimmed the chapters while doing all of those.  He's not a hard grader at all, as long as you put in effort you'll earn an A for everything.  Don't even have to read.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor and overall person, I absolutely loved this class because of him. He does ask for a lot of writing output on tests and quizzes and can be slightly vague in questions, but if you semi-pay attention in class and semi-try reading the book you'll know what he's looking for. I LOVED his sense of humor.
4.0 : Took the online class. Work is due weekly with two major presentations (midterm/final). Text is not necessary the prof provides online resources necessary for course completion. Keep an open mind. Went in expecting just an Easy A and to move on, but now I take a closer look at games I play. Worth it!
5.0 : I took his online class and it was straightforward. You have to read the chapters and do analysis of the chapter. It is weekly and there is a midterm and final. There are no quiz or tests. Midterm you're showing off your Alpha version of your game and Final is the Beta. It's really an easy class if you do the work. I received a B+ and was bumped A-
5.0 : She is an amazing professor! very clear about her grading policy. a weekly journal is due where you have to answer small and open ended questions that she writes up on the board.
4.0 : Dr. Laptad assigned four major essays and was very clear on what she expected over the semester for each. Dr. Laptad offered help if you really needed it, but her overall goal is for you to develop our own writing skills, so she'll give you a guideline, but it's up to you to do the rest. There is no final. You won't regret taking her. :)
5.0 : Super chill teacher. Best option for 101 class. Clear directions. Don't need any textbook.
5.0 : The professor is really good, she is clear on what she wants. If you show up to class, write the papers, and complete all of the tasks you will get an A. Also, she will work with you if you have any issues, but try to come to class all the time.
4.5 : Dr. Laptad is a great professor! She really understands her students and tries to make classes as interactive and exciting as possible. I definitely recommend her to anyone!!!
5.0 : Not a hard class at all. She is clear with her expectations and have 4 major assignments throughout the semester. Warning: this class is heavy in group projects. If you don't like to work in groups then don't take this class. Group projects are more than half of the projects. The book was useless. Never used it.
5.0 : Prof Amy is an easy English professor. There are 4 major essays, which honestly I BS most of them and still got an A. I'm pretty sure she'll easy grade to those people who attend every single classes. She has the "military boot camp recruiter" tone, however, she's really nice in the inside. Just show up to classes and follow what she wants and set!
5.0 : Engaging, prepared, organized, personable, and respectful. You spend a lot of time in fun/interesting debates, and get to know her and your classmates. Her expectations and grading are fair, and as long as you apply yourself and show up you'll get an A.
5.0 : Highly recommend taking Dr. Laptad. Although homework can get heavy throughout the course, her grading criteria is clear and if you do all the homework you will be fine. The homework helps you write your essays so it's essential to do them. She's funny and makes class engaging! Class can finish eRly sometimes after turning everything in. Take her!
5.0 : Show up to every class and do all the Projects about your disciple and pass. Though homework is given weekly you can do it all in a week and not worry about it later.
5.0 : The class was a breeze, easy A. I felt like I was in middle school again, it was great. You have 4 papers and 10 journals (and she only checks your journal for completion). She is incredibly nice, helpful, and open-minded. I really liked her. DO NOT buy the books, you never use them. She told us she was going to check for them but she never did.
5.0 : She is really easy professor. Got A's in all assignments. just please show up to class and follow her instruction and u will get an A. I didn't try hard at all and received an A. There will be 4 essays to do and book is mandatory (Writing analytically), don't buy the other book.
5.0 : Professor Laptad was an amazing professor, just show up to class take good notes and put in your best effort and ask questions! She gives quite a few papers but they were all very easy subjects. If you want to avoid writing papers I wouldn't take this class. Otherwise definitely take her!
4.5 : Super easy, no book needed. Shes nice and the classes are small and actually kind of fun. It doesn't take much effort to get an A in this class.
5.0 : She is the best English professor I have ever had! All of her assignments make sense and they actually help! She doesn't require text books! Only three spiral notebooks! Three essays and a few journals and writing assignments and she's a vey fair grader! No tests or quizzes! She's the best! I recommend taking English 302 with her in the summer
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER! She is by far the best professor ive had at mason!
5.0 : Best English teacher I've ever had! Doesn't really give homework and doesn't give exams. She's nice and always willing to help
4.5 : Dr. Laptad is extremely concise and will tell you exactly what she expects from you. She really wants her students to learn and become excellent critical thinkers. We had a total of three essays and there is NO midterm or final exam for her ENGH 101 class. If you put effort into your essays and participate in class, you'll be fine. Also NO TEXTBOOK
4.0 : If you're looking for a teacher to sugar coat things she's not for you. She gives a lot of homework, but she clearly explains what do to. If you follow her directions exactly it's an easy A. She also let's you out of class early 99% of the time. She even cancels class when it's not necessary. Attendance is mandatory so don't skip or youll get an F.
5.0 : I learned so much more from Professor Laptad than how to write a good paper. She gave us material and debate topics that made us think outside the box. She really influenced my life and helped me see the broader picture in a new light.
5.0 : AMAZING! So inspirational. Professor Laptad does not give exams and you will rarely have homework, if at all. She has three essays per semester and only one was 8 pages, the others were five. No book, only three spiral notebooks. Her debates are fun and you will leave each class with a new spectrum on life.
3.0 : She is a very easy grader, but gives a ton of papers to write. I'm an IT major, and 70% of my course load was from writing papers for this class.
5.0 : She is probably the best professor I have encountered in George Mason. She is the easiest, nicest and coolest professor. If you want an A, take this class. With that in mind, you only get to skip the class twice, participation is a big factor in this class, and easy essays'. Also there is no final. I loved her class.
5.0 : Very nice and easy to talk to. Gives good feedback and is respectful. Easy A if you come to class and work. Highly recommend Dr. Laptad
2.5 : Dr Laptad is a nice lady no doubt. I missed class Once out of the 15 weeks. She penalized and punished me severely for something that was out of my control. She said I got a high B on my 3rd paper yet she gave no feed on my second draft and wrote "great job"on your story. Received Damn near 100 on everything else.I got an A- for missing one class.
5.0 : She was so understanding and easy to talk to. Dr. Laptad actually cares. You learn a lot and she wants you to succeed. Without hesitation I would take her again.
5.0 : Nevermind that prof cox is classically pretty and she melts you when she responds to your verbal participation, sigh, but she picks fun readings and makes writing easy. She is intelligent and had a great sense of humor. Did I mention cute? Keep up with the readings, don't disturb her class (a phone out, chatter, skipping) will hurt you
4.5 : If you show up, talk in class, and show her you aren't a zombie you'll pass. She's very lenient with what you write so long as you meet requirements. She does care about how much you analyze but she tells you how to do that too. Our class was all about food! Extra credit was bringing in food. Honestly, she wants you to think more than anything.
5.0 : I loved this class. Mostly class discussion about the interesting articles we were assigned. Really funny, amazing, and eloquent professor! She took me under her wing and gave me a ton of advice about being an English major, which I really appreciated. Would definitely recommend taking any of her classes.
5.0 : Her class was fantastic and it rekindled my love for English! She gives a lot of quizzes but as long as you read the book then you'll be fine.  She is also rather fond of movie review assignments which aren't bad but felt a little superfluous by the time we got around to the second movie. Overall great teacher!
5.0 : Professor Cox is one of the most easy going professors out there. She really makes you feel comfortable in taking this course. I really don't mind going to her lecture at all because she has an awesome personality. However, she is a hard grader on essays. So make sure you're following her prompt and go to writing centers for help.
3.5 : Lenient grader on quizzes, but not on essays. You have a total of three essays, two film reviews, and two non-fiction novels to read. This class is not an easy A as you have to work for it. She gives opportunities for extra credit. Attendance to class is mandatory. The final is your third essay and a presentation. There isn't any midterm or tests.
5.0 : I think she in undoubtedly one of the best at teaching engh 101. Liked he so much, but she gives quiz almost often than not. But she gives lot of lots of extra credit opportunity. definitely recommend her. Great teacher with great personality. She eases the class awkwardness and make everybody comfortable.
5.0 : i LOVED this professor. Typically I can't stand going to any English class but this class was fun. She is very helpful and will help you if you have concerns about your grade. She wants everyone to do well. Class isn't required for attendance but I wouldn't recommend missing because we do in class assignments that count towards your grade.
4.5 : Highly recommended. Very patient and helpful. Wants you to do well. Do not miss class.
4.0 : She made what is generally a dry history course interesting.  She used the text "A History of the World in 6 Glasses".  I enjoyed the way the book related to what we were covering in the standard text so much that I bought out the rental after the class.  I spent a lot of time on homework.  Make sure you thoroughly read and answer EVERY question!
5.0 : There is a carefully graded "short" answer assignment every week and mandatory discussion board. Expect a lot of reading. Very responsive over email though and no exams! Overall recommended if you have a genuine interest in the topic and time to read and write extensively every single week.
3.0 : It was an online course, so to make up for no class a lot of tedious work was assigned with a bunch of articles given. Her notes were a little skimpy. The grading can be pretty harsh if you're just used to writing simple answers. Otherwise, just a bunch of readings and some short questions, with the occasional paper.
3.5 : i wouldn't recommend taking this class online. she is a very harsh grader on hw. we had a hw each week, 2 exams and research paper(each 30% of grade) you need to do well on these cause its  90% of grade. if you want to take a simple class online and get an easy A don't take this one.
5.0 : Lenient grader that gives great feedback. Reading may seem like much but it's a history class, that should be expected. You can choose 1 out of 30 topics to write about for final paper, with a variety of choices. Enjoyed the class.
5.0 : Really kind and understanding professor! She gives good homework assignments but they're long. There's also A LOT of reading. They do take more time than your average online class but are about on par with the typical history class. No tests- just two online papers (midterm and final) which are only 1000 words. Great class, really interesting.
4.5 : Only two response papers the whole semester. As long as you read the textbook you will do well on the homework. No quizzes or tests.
5.0 : Professor Hook is very chill. You can get an A with medium level effort. Make sure you take notes because much of the graded work will reflect the lectures. You do not need to read all that much, just pay attention in class and introduce yourself to her so that she knows you, something that pays off in most classes, GET TO KNOW YOUR PROFS early on
3.0 : This professor was a tough grader. But she isn't very clear on what she's looking for in the homework assignments. Her feedback isn't always specific. This class is very reading intensive. Doing the readings are required for the homework assignments.
3.0 : This class is an easy A as long as you turn in all of the assignments. The only downside to this professor was that she is a slow grader.
4.5 : Overall, she is a good professor. The class is full of reading. If you don't like reading, this class isn't for you. She emails back in a reasonable time, and she is there when you need help. She explains why your answers are wrong. We had one assignment a week and 2 response papers. We had to do discussion board posts every week.
5.0 : I found this class very easy, which is good because I had medical issues that prevented me from normal class attendance.  As long as you write well, you will do extremely well in this course.
3.0 : Professor Hook is a slow grader, so be ready to be patient. Do whatever she tells you to do and you will get a good grade. Also, get the books.
4.0 : The course is well organized, professor Hook gives us a long list of inspirational questions for us to think about and you only have to answer some of them. She is open to discuss any dissents you may have in the class and she has knowledge about that.
5.0 : I took Bartz for 180 and 217. By far one of the best teachers I've had in my design classes. He's young, and he was also a BFA graphic design student at mason. He teaches you things you need to know, but most importantly he gives you the resources to teach yourself skills in the future. He is a really fair grader, do the work - you'll get an A
4.5 : Stephanie (which she allows you to call her) is awesome. I took her spring 14 as a freshmen and she was a ball of fire. Very passionate about media and art of all types. Very encouraging of thinking outside the box and PUSHING YOUR POTENTIAL! Projects are critiquedinterpreted by the class, good experience. She wants you to learn as well as think.
5.0 : Stephanie is incredible. Her class is very lively and she is a blast! She pushes students outside of their comfort zone and makes you think to the next level and how to become even better than you are before. You will have to work and put a lot of effort into this course outside, that's how the arts work! She's great if you like to be challenged.
5.0 : Stephanie is such a great professor! She's super energetic and motivates everyone to put their all into their work. She's super passionate about what she does and it shows--definitely will be taking her again!
4.5 : She's a very nice professor but she grades very harshly for a basic intro class that should be focused on speaking and not writing. The tests are also a lot harder then they should be. She's a great professor but overall I would just recommend not even taking 101 and stick to 100 because this class is so dumb and full of busy work
5.0 : Department would do well from letting her run her class more. She's pretty chill, and tries to keep things interesting.
5.0 : She's pretty chill. Grading can be strict, but fair. The department would do well to let her run her class a little more. Kept it light and enjoyable though.
5.0 : She's interesting, and takes interest in students. Class could have been better, but she couldn't adjust the curriculum.
5.0 : She's a very nice and helpful professor.  The tests aren't easy,  you need to study,  definitely read the textbook. She does grade on participation too and there will be several group projects though she tries to make them as interesting as possible. I find the class content itself to be really dull, but the professor made it bare-able.
5.0 : The best professor in Mason.
5.0 : She is amazing!!!!! I never did the readings and still managed to get an A+. She is very passionate about anthropology. TAKE HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No textbook required...
4.5 : By FAR the best professor at GMU. She is incredibly passionate about Anthropology and it shows. No textbook, just online readings that she uploads to blackboard. She likes to give "pop" quizzes that she tells you about. She also likes to give "pop" attendance that she WON'T tell you about. If she is available to teach 114, TAKE HER 100%!!!
5.0 : Dr. Hughes Rinker is super sweet. She is really into anthropology that she makes the material interesting and applicable to everyday life. 2 exams &amp; 3 papers. 6 pop quizzes - must do readings. Takes pop attendance.  Provides ppt outlines for lecture. Gives study guides, but I recommend studying from the powerpoint verbatimly. Take her if you can!
5.0 : She takes attendance sometimes. It gets added into your grade. Make sure you show up on those days. She seems really into what's teaching. Overall, she is the best professor for anthropology
5.0 : Amazing lectures and no textbook!!! She was fun, funny, made the material very interesting, and very nice. Would take this class again, wish I could take another class with her. Honestly, I wish I could be her friend lol she seems very cool. Good sense of style. Clear grader, very cheerful. She's awesome!!!
3.0 : I haven't learned anything about anthropology in her class. She leaves the PPT blank, so you have to rush to fill in the blanks and you loose what she is talking about. pop up quizzes, attendance,  papers, exams, lots and lots of readings. I wish I didn't take this class with her.
5.0 : Good class. Lectures are interesting and entertaining. She is passionate about the subject and puts a lot of work into the lectures and making sure students are prepared for the two exams. No textbook but there are readings (1-2 per class) on Blackboard and a few pop quizzes on them. She is very helpful if you are having any problems in the class.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor that engages the students and makes the class interesting. She posts power points, but you have to go to class to fill in  the blanks. She also does random attendance and pop quizzes on the readings. You have 2 exams (midterm/final).  I definitely want to take another course taught by her.
4.5 : Very easy class. You have to go to class because attendance is randomly taken and random pop quizzes (so easy if you read) are given. If you don't want to attend class then don't take her. But if you're motivated and ready to learn, take her for an easy A!
4.0 : Dr. Hughes Rinker is a great professor! She gives pop quizzes on the readings for that week but hints at when there is going to be a pop quiz. The tests are easy and there are 3 assignments throughout the semester that are also pretty easy. You kind of do have to go to class cause attendance is randomly taken and you don't know when that happens.
5.0 : Best professor ever!! She has the most clear outlines for the course and genuinely wants everyone to pass and do well. She truly loves anthropology which makes it fun to learn. She also gives tons of extra credit. Attendance is mandatory but I didnt mind since the class was so great. She also gives "pop quizzes" but tells you in advance. TAKE HER!
5.0 : Took ANTH 114 online for a 5-week summer course and Prof. Hughes-Rinker was the best online instructor I have ever had. She was very organized and even created weekly "to-do" lists for the students. 5-week courses are tough, but she kept the video lectures and readings interesting and meaningful. Would love to take her in a campus class.
4.5 : A wonderful teacher and a very interesting class! I was in a huge lecture class, but she always had the class engaged and attentive. She assigns short and intriguing readings each class and relates the course material to every day life. Make sure you take this prof, she's amazing! :)
3.0 : I was really excited for this class, and Professor Hughes Rinker is a good speaker, but this particular class was more sociology than anthropology. A lot of outdated readings. Really easy if you actually read the assignments and come to class. Lots of extra credit opportunities. Seriously, though, don't skipleave class. It's pretty rude.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. She respects students and has great contents in her lecture! Attendance is mendatory and her exams are fair. I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : best teacher out there.
2.0 : Class was cancelled often due to personal reasons. Grades were the Midterm, the Final, two papers, and a group presentation. Both exams were take home due to classes getting cancelled. Grades were not put in until Christmas and it seems like she did that in haste since I didn't do one of the papers and still received an A in the class.
1.0 : Easiest A in the entire university. She cancels every other class and she doesn't read any assignments. I turned in an assignment from another class and got a 95%. Didn't touch the textbook or show up to any of the classes and received an A+.
3.0 : Not many assignments. As long as you do them, you'll be fine.
4.0 : Attendance is mandatory. Very discussion based class. A few writing assignments, no exams. You have to lead class discussion one day. Final project is a group project. Sarah seems really knowledgeable but she doesn't really teach (lecture). She's there more to answer questions and clarify certain things. Grades fairly easily.
2.0 : She is a horrible professor. I'm not saying this out of rage of a bad grade either, I got an A in her class. She canceled class more than she had class. It seemed like she often didn't even read our test, assignments, papers, and she still has not submitted our grades to patriot web and the grades were due almost a week ago now. Easy A.
4.5 : Dr. Freeborne is such a nice lady, she genuinely wants everyone to get an A or B. She is clear in her assignments and loves for her students to go above and beyond (be creative). Definitely take her!!! Lots of writing and quizzes but I learned a lot about the healthcare delivery system. Don't need the textbook.
5.0 : I think words are not enough to express how thankful I am of her. Dr. Freeborne went up and beyond to help me understand the course, encouraged me to do well at internship and at school. Before taking her class, I did poorly in school and was unmotivated. She helped me get motivated. I would encourage everyone to take her classes. She is great!!!
2.0 : The class itself is easy. She is just so fake and sarcastic. Kind of disrespectful towards the students. Talks a lot about herself and her family... Complains about her other job way too much.
1.5 : She knows her stuff but doesn't really know how to teach it. Everything is confusing and disorganized. She is still learning how to do hybrid courses, but the transition has not been easy (on the students). Homework and exams are confusing! Most of the class agrees that they are having a hard time learning and understanding the material. Beware...
5.0 : She was great!  Extremely understanding and works with you in various ways to ensure you comprehend the material.  She went above and beyond to make the class worthwhile by bringing in outside speakers, using enhanced teaching methods and modern strategies to keep us engaged, interested and ready to learn.  She should get a few more chili's too...
5.0 : Professor Freeborne really takes her time getting to know her students individually and cares about determining what their needs are.  To this day, I am out of her class and she still provides the support that I need whenever I ask her.  I really had an awesome experience in her class and I recommend every student to take her.
5.0 : Doctor Freeborne is a very good professor. She doesn't bog students down with busy work but rather focuses on learning the material and covering it in class. Test are all scheduled and easy to study for and the projects are straight forward. Overall 10/10.
5.0 : Her insight, invaluable experience and exuberance made quite an imprint on my learning at Mason.  She continually goes above and beyond for each and every student.  Moreover, her vast knowledge of being a PA allowed us to peer into other health disciplines.  It truly was a rewarding experience and an enjoyable one I wish I could repeat!
5.0 : Dr. Freebrone is one the most helpful, polite prof. She respects and listens to her students, goes above and beyond for then and is easily accessible outside class. Had her for GCH 498 internship class  my internship was abroad and she was really accommodating with my weekly reports since it was not possible for me to attend all the classes.
5.0 : Dr. Freeborne was such am amazing resource and educator for this class.  Her willingness to help participate in finding the right internship combined with her passion for the GCH community made her a true asset.  She has a genuine interest in being there for her students and making certain that their internship is a fit for them.  LOVED HER!!
5.0 : She is an awesome professor and great person. She gives many examples when explaining the material and genuinely wants the class to do well. If you show up to class and she learns your name the class experience is improved 10 fold. She gave my class 6 or so quizzes (straight from lecture and slides) 1 policy paper (two  pages) and a final
2.0 : A lot of quizzes only one final, which makes it hard. A lot of group projects, one paper. Grading takes forever, lectures are long and boring. I found textbook more helpful. If you ask things she gets frustrated. Gives hard quizzes and tests but fairly easy grader.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Cares about her students and gives lots of chances to get a good grade in her class. 5 or 6 quizzes , final exam, policy paper , group project and extra credit. Attendance is not taken but she give you extra points for participation .
4.0 : Professor Freeborne made the class super laid back and interesting, she was always available to discuss your grade and respected you if you ask for a grade change. This was a pilot course too, I think she did just fine!
5.0 : Professor Freeborne is a GREAT prof to take. Online classes can be tricky sometimes but she was so good about communicating with us. I live in a different state so I never got a chance to go to her office hours but none the less she was accessible by email and so helpful when needed. highly recommend
5.0 : Excellent professor. Super nice and approachable. Calls on your randomly during class a lot, but isn't mean if you don't know the answer and always walks you through it. She really wants you to be passionate about the material like she is, and she puts that above being 'right.' Take classes with her, seriously.
5.0 : I like Dr. Freeborne because she not only knows how to teach students for subject materials but also tries all her best to help students to go through career life. I got her great support when I experienced a personal hard time during the semester. She is such a nice person, and I appreciate her so much! Take her!
5.0 : Take her if you need to take HAP 301. She's very understanding regarding students and will work with you. Quizzes are off the powerpoint and paying attention in class helps ace them. Group work is part of the course but easy, just discussion board and one group presentation. Had 3 choices for final. Take her to have a chill class and easy A
5.0 : A great professor! She is very chill and understands the needs of students.  She explains everything well as she has experience in the field as a PA. There were quizzes, a final, a short paper, and a group project.  She encourages classroom participation Book not needed, everything was on ppts.  She is a great resource too. Highly recommend!
5.0 : He is amazing!! I don't think i've ever met such a sweet guy. He's extremely helpful and patient and overall he's super chill and makes lab fun!! TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Pretty awesome teacher! Two exams--one in class, one online, 4 Journal Entries, 1 Group Presentation. Not boring, pretty interesting. Just show up to class, do your work, and your guaranteed an A.
5.0 : I took this professor at a different school for beginners Arabic but i just need to say she is the best language teacher I've had and I've taken many other language courses. She may come off as hard at first but she really pushes you to think about what you are learning not just go through the motions. very intelligent &amp;kind soul.  Will miss her
5.0 : Tests are a little difficult. If you work hard, you will receive a great grade.
4.0 : she's a wild spunky thing. loves to talk and goes off on tangents often which is a little annoying but at least it's amusing. she just wants to pass everyone. do all the assignments and you will pass with a B. her grading is really easy. she doesn't focus on grammar or punctuation, just don't do something ridiculous.
4.5 : She was amazing! So nice and helpful. Her assignments were easy and she really made sure you would pass. She even brought in food every Friday. She tries really hard to make sure you enjoy the class and do well
5.0 : The best English professor I have ever had. You will rarely be bored in her class. Little to no homework, depending on if you finish it in class. She gives you a second chance to turn in some of your papers for a better grade. She clearly states what she wants in your work and is also very helpful if you have any questions. Also, she doesn't look..
5.0 : Prof. Chen is the best English prof. I ever had.  Extremely helpful
5.0 : Ann is a wonderful professor. All grading criteria and expectations are very clear. Is accommodating and understanding of students. Not a hard grader and is fairly lenient on due dates (with good reason). Greatly improved my writing skills and encouraged me to improve my skills outside of English. Would absolutely take again.
4.0 : Great professor for science students. She is funny and easy to talk to. Useless textbook, you can borrow it at library. 4 major papers including the final and optional revision. Come to class and you'll be fine. Strongly Recommended!!
5.0 : professor Chen is totally amazing. she is a very laid back professor and understands students needs. she is a very lenient grader and you can revise two papers. she also told cool stories in class, and there wasn't a boring moment in class. she gave a lot of good feedback on papers. take her if you can, you will not regret it at all!!!!!!
5.0 : My favorite professor so far. She genuinely cares about each student, and makes sure she is available in the library around the time a paper is due.
3.5 : meh. Teacher was cool. Content sucked, you wont learn anything useful. Easy B, Hard A.
4.5 : She can be kind of a tough grader for your papers initially but its ok because she lets you revise and resubmit your papers for a better grade. just make sure you do the little posts on blackboard because it counts as your participation grade and make sure you take advantage of resubmitting your papers to her and you have a good chance at an a
5.0 : Wow! She's easily the best professor I've ever had. She was so personable and caring to every single one of her students. I've never been a huge fan of English, but she somehow managed to make the class so interesting. I'm embarrassed to admit I even showed up to the non-mandatory classes.
4.5 : Awesome professor. EXTREMELY understanding and flexible. Will allow revisions for most of her essays. Hands out candy during class. Makes every attempt not to take over your life. Enticing class, open conversations, very casual. Is there more to ask for?
5.0 : Professor Chen is by far one of my favorite professors at GMU. She grades easy, gives out candy and prizes during class, doesn't give a final for this course, and is an overall great and inspirational person. I missed 4-5 classes and still received an A. She's very understanding and gives great feedback and flexibility on papers. CHOOSE MS CHEN!
3.5 : The class was pretty easy. There are no tests or quizzes. The only grades are three big papers to do (3-5 pages). One being a research paper. There are no finals because, as said, there are only three papers. Classes consisted of researching materials for the papers and a couple of small activities.
5.0 : Don't let her last name fool you. Greatest and easiest English teacher you will ever take, i promise you.
5.0 : Great professor. In my three years of college so far I have only had 3 professors that I genuinely liked and wanted to remain in contact with and she is one of them. She also cares for foreign students and knows how hard it is to write in a language that you are not super familiar with. So if you are a foreign student she will take care of you.
5.0 : Ann is AWESOME. She is a very passionate professor who really respects and loves her students. She goes out of her way to ensure they are getting the material. Some might think her jokes are dry, but I absolutely love them. She is really funny. She allows you to resubmit your work for a better grade. No tests. Highly recommend taking her.
5.0 : Textbook is not used at all. Very easy, very funny, and always gives feedback. Perhaps one of my most favorite teachers! She encourages class interaction and loathes quietness. Definitely take her!
4.5 : Awesome, great teacher, easy grader just do the work, very flexible on grading, allows redoes.. Very entertaining and keeps you awake in class. And she even brings food sometimes.
5.0 : She was amazing! Inspired us to do our best and graded easily. No tests/quizzes. 4 projects. 1 narrative, 1 source analysis, 1 proposal argument, 1 presentation. Can revise first 2. Last project is very easy. Work hard and she will give you a good grade. Brings us food in class! Also has fun stories to tell. Never bored in class
5.0 : she's one of the greatest teachers I have had in a while. very inspirational and her background supports her advice. It may be awkward the first week but she's really funny. do the discussion board hw and you will be fine. also make sure to keep up with the paper due dates
5.0 : Amazing professor. Explains materials very well and also gives very helpful materials. Notes are most helpful. Take this professor.
4.5 : Amazing professor and he is funny and thoughtful. Exams are a bit difficult, but you'll do fine if you pay attention and read the book.
4.0 : Taking as prereq. Only 3 exams, 1 final, &amp; 1 term paper due on day of final. He curves, still make sure to study, but he's super willing to help you out, always responds to emails, makes lots of dad-like jokes. Can get boring. Read the book he assigns &amp; take notes during class. He takes attendance you "can miss 4 classes" tho. (75  curved to A)
5.0 : Professor Sander is absolutely wonderful! he's super understanding and definitely there for students when needed. He's willing to help students better understand concepts and to help them become successful. The class is easy if the readings and such are done ahead of time, and attendance is really important.  Overall, great professor!
2.5 : Professor Sander while enthusiastic often gives monotone and dry lectures. He is available to his students should you need him however his email presence isn't the best. Often found he played favorites and his midterm is extremely delayed! Over half the class received failing grades and his grading criteria could use some clarity. Ok professor.
5.0 : If you are looking for MIS class then look no further, the class is extremely easy,  and easy grader!! 3 exams again which are fairly easy just study the bold letters in the textbook or on his ppt. Homeworks are based on excel and access again which are very easy, he shows everything step by step in class. Highly recommend if U want an easy A!
4.5 : This class  was very interesting, crack open the text and you will find the information needed. Something weird he did, but actually made sense, he had numerous syllabi because he would update as the weeks went by. Very nice man, I would take him again if given the opportunity.
4.5 : Awesome professor very understanding and wants to help. If you have any issues he is very good at helping you resolve them. Tests are tricky make sure to read the chapters throughly before each exam. Hwks aren't bad if you need help go to his office hours. Overall awesome guy.
5.0 : I love professor Crabtree and I would retake any of his classes if I could infact, if I could just take classes from him to get my major then I would do it. You should show up to class and take notes because a lot of his examples will be on the exam and homework but if you skip halfway through you might be able to pass. Hes honestly an easy A class
5.0 : Such a great  teacher!
3.0 : The class have 3 excel assignment, 2 access assignment, 1 essay, 2 in class multiple choices exams,and 1 take home short answer/essay exam. He shows you how to do the hw in class so it's not very hard at all, esay to get a good grade! Study the powerpoint and do questions from the test bank and you will be fine! I recommend him to everyone :)
5.0 : Professor Crabtree makes access and excel bearable. He is really helpful, and walks you through the homework before it is due, so not going to class is not a good idea. Study the bold vocab in the book for tests, do the homework, and you should do well. He likes participation and he's working on upping his hotness rating, which shows. Take him!
5.0 : Funny guy. He does take attendance and knows who you are. Goes over everything you need for graded hw in class and will answer any question.  If you read through the bold vocabulary prior to exams you will do fine.  Final is take-home.  Access homework can be tricky but if you go to him he will help you out.  I definitely recommend him!
4.5 : Greg is a very good professor, homework is 60% of the grade, and he shows you have to do all of it in class. the tests are straight from the book. He's always willing to help his students. I didn't understand a couple of the excel homeworks, i went to his office hours and he showed me how to do all of it. I thought it was easy for a 300 level class
5.0 : As long as you go to class you will know how to do the Excel and Access assignments, and if you need any more clarification he is always happy to help during his office hours. As for the tests, study his power points and supplement with the book and you will be fine. If you do this there should be no reason to get a bad grade.
5.0 : Very cool professor. Grade is based off homework so DO IT! its not that hard and he goes over every step. Exams are easy and basic if you study the powerpoints and use the book. Highly recommend! Closest person to an easy A
5.0 : He is nice, knowledgeable,very helpful. He help you if you ask him! DO YOUR HOMEWORK! he is fair and doesn't make the course harder than it is. He is a good professor, I tried my best but I didn't get an A though!
5.0 : Crabtree gives entertaining and informational lectures. He is a good teacher of fundamental Excel and Access. Exams are very in line with the textbook. Would definitely recommend for MIS 301-303.
5.0 : He explains how to do the homework assignments before he assigns the homework, therefore it is critical that you attend lecture and follow along. Class is not hard. He wants students to do well while teaching them everything in access and excel! Take him if you are an accounting major and need to take 361, he's good at teaching access.
5.0 : This class is not hard. You do have to go to lecture to know how to do the homework because your grade is 60% HW so DO THE HW!! He is hilarious and easy going guy. I would totally recommend if you are planning to take ACCT 361, he teaches access well. Read the chapters for the exam, go to class for the HW and get an A! He gives EC on the final :))
4.5 : Great prof. 2 in class tests and take home final. For tests just find answers to chapter learning outcomes and ur golden. Well help with HW during office hrs. Teaches you to think and apply material. MUST take MIS w/ him. Good and easy grade, great prof, and you learn :))
5.0 : Awesome professor, very helpful. Class consisted of 3 excel and 3 access assignments, two or three tests and a paper. Do not skip on any of the homework  assignments, as they are a major part of your grade. Review the slides for the tests.
4.5 : Nice guy! Funny and engaging. Is super helpful when it comes to HW if go to office hours. 3 exams, 7 HW. Powerpoints are key to doing well on tests. Gives 1 HW extension if needed. MIS can be boring but I can honestly say I enjoyed his class and learned something useful. He reviews resumes too. Couldn't have asked for a nicer prof.
4.0 : Took him for MIS303. Great professor. Teaches access well. Go to class, pay attention, follow along w/ excel/access. Go to TA hours. Respect him. Tests aren't too difficult, beware of wording on tests and HW's. Haven't finished but expecting an A.
2.5 : Easy class. Go to lectures, but you can leave at the break. Excel and Access hw are a bit ambiguous so don't expect to get it completely correct but at least they are easy. Tests aren't hard - memorize the chapters. Easy grader on the essay, just make sure you cover what he says to with Porters 5 Forces and you'll get an A. Likable guy.
5.0 : Last semester I was so close to taking a different teacher but thankfully I didn't and waited to take this class with Prof Crabtree- best decision ever!! He is straightforward, goes over the instructions for hw repeatedly,  exam questions are straight from the book, and offers extra credit!! Grade consists of 6 HWs and 3 exams (1 take take home)
5.0 : One of the best profs Ive had. Great lecturer. 3 excel and 2 access assignment. 2 in-class exams, read textbook chapters and you will do well. One take home (final) exam, use textbook. Gives extra credit on the final. Pretty easy A if you put in the work and complete the assignments as he wants. 1-to-1 grading scale one point equals one percent.
4.0 : Consists of an essay, 3 Excel HW assignments, 2 Access HW assignments, and 3 exams. Pay attention to MS lectures or you will miss the detail he is looking for. He offers 6 point for extra credit on final exam (take home-short essay). If you don't complete the HW assignments, you will fail. Rely heavily on Power Point lectures for first two MC exams
5.0 : AWESOME Powerpoint slides. Very knowledgeable. Go to class, pay attention, review slides and you will do well on her exams. Loved her class!!!
5.0 : LOVED her class! Great powerpoint slides. She is very knowledgeable. Attend class, review her notes before exams, and you will do very well!
4.5 : Great professor, tests were not that hard, and he let us use notes for the first half of it. Although it's not required to go to all the classes, it really helped on the exams because he does the same pp example problems on the exam.
5.0 : Dr. Durant is  a great professor! She does a fantastic job with her lectures. She goes over the concepts then does examples with you to prep you for the homework and the exams.   Overall class difficulty is around standard, but Durant makes it pretty painless as long as you show up and do your work. Take her if you can!
4.5 : Ritterhouse is a very dedicated professor. Personally, she holds your hand a lot, and I hate that. I like a more independent course. On the other hand, she is very knowledgeable and cares about your success. I just wish she would adapt to her students more and lecture about "research tips" less.
4.5 : Ritterhouse is amazing, truly cares about students. If you listen to feedback and advice you will do well. Directions aren't always clear, but she acknowledges that and works with you. BUT you need to show up and do the work, duh.  Def not an easy A, but worth it. Wish she taught more lower level classes. You want to be in her class, trust me!
4.5 : No tests! Assignments every week- LOTS of reading and writing, be prepared. However, She is an AWESOME professor. She gives amazing feedback and really wants you to succeed in the class. She wants you to get an A as long as you put in the effort to deserve it. Her goal is NOT to check boxes, its to get you to master the skills for class. Take her!!
5.0 : I recommend Professor Ritterhouse. Her lectures are interesting. She posts PowerPoint slides, which I liked. There are short papers due every other week on the readings and one 7-8 page research paper. There are only two tests, a mid-term and a final. She provides a study guide for the tests. I found her to be a generous grader.
4.5 : Professor Ritterhouse is the kind of professor I would want to be. Her assignments help you improve as a student and the assigned books are really interesting. She does give you a lot of work, but it is worth it and by the end of the semester professor Ritterhouse will be your favorite! Take her class. She really knows her stuff.
4.5 : Professor Pawlew loves audit and connects real life examples with concepts. The class is very fast-paced and he assigns papers that are graded very hard. Study the slides and your notes. The exams have questions from the back of the book. Look at the definitions of terms that he mentions the most. You don't need to read the book at all though
5.0 : Probably the most difficult accounting class I have ever taken. He is very strict on grading. There are two papers, seven quizzes and two tests. (multiple choice, fill in blank, short answer). He is very passionate about auditing and is willing to help. Make sure to study a lot for this class!
3.0 : Pros *explains grading standards crystal clear * grades exams extremely fast. *He did pay attention to the feedback posted on this website Cons: *textbook is irrelevant and useless. *giving lectures while walking around classroom with so many students is a distraction. *Writing project could be more helpful if ask to write a modified audit report.
4.5 : This class was more enjoyable than an average accounting class. This guy makes a class interesting, as much as audit can be. He is very clear. The paper was graded harder than any paper I had in English class, but was fair.
4.5 : He is hard, but I like him. He is fun, but listen and read his Power Points
5.0 : Great professor! He is very knowledgeable and passionate about auditing. He is tough, but I like it. His class is very interesting. His lecture is very clear. I hope he teaches more accounting classes.
2.0 : Don't take him for MBUS 300. Everything is done online through a McGraw-Hill site. The lectures are offered through a  preloaded video from McGraw-Hill (which isn't bad) The only responsibility he has for this class is to answer students questions and he doesn't do that. It literally takes him more than 4 days to reply , even on time sensitive ?'s
5.0 : - Tough but fair grader for essays -Midterm and Final are a mix of MC,vocab,short answer- very fair but also very tough - tough course, you will have to commit time for it -Prof. Pawlewicz knows his stuff, uses personal experience to relate the lecture to real world. Genuinely, wants students to succeed but no extra credit, you get what you earn
4.0 : He is a very good professor. His lectures are very good for understanding and an easy grader. He needs to work on the compilation and organization of  notes and other things.  He is extremely understanding and open personality person so rarely a confusion occurs. Effort from the student is required as the course is tough.
5.0 : He is a very responsible professor. He genuinely wants students to take something away from his class. He is enthusiastic about auditing and gives the best lectures for auditing. You will learn a lot from him. He is a tough but fair grader. You get the grade you earn. Take him!
5.0 : Dr. Petravage's very professional and diligent in delivering the lectures (tho not required to attend). Amount of work is decent and pretty fun - weekly discussion boards, 2 listening assignments, 1 paper on concert experience, and 1 video project. It's normal to find it hard to be descriptive at first, but you will improve a lot over the semester.
5.0 : Easy class. LOTS of memorization. It is an Arth class!
4.5 : She came across quite dry and stiff when I went to her my first class with her.  But I learned she is very passionate about what she teaches and she also has a bit of humor.  She is super helpful and sweet and I will totally be taking another class of hers again.
5.0 : A great professor! Subtle, quiet wit, approachable, and honestly interested in seeing her students succeed. I would gladly take another class with her! She asks interesting questions and really makes you think about art and culture in new ways! Really enjoyable class and one of the best professors I've had at Mason.
5.0 : Very kind professor, passionate about the subject and gets you into it. Dutch Art is her field, not just something she teaches. Engaging lectures, lots of discussion, very enjoyable. Wonderful presentation, great slides and topics. Memorization skills and writing ability and you will pass the class easy. My favorite class of the semester.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at mason. She is so clear on all assignments. Easy A if you put in a bit of effort. She provides a study guide for the test.
5.0 : At first you may be worried her class will be a bit boring, but after a week you'll come to love her. She is so sweet and so knowledgeable, even if you know nothing about art her lectures are well set up so you will understand. You do not have to talk, its mostly the art history and art majors that do. Three exams with study guides and two essays
5.0 : Professor Ho was a great professor! She was easy to understand and helpful. You do have to remember a lot since it is a Art History class. The lectures sometimes do get boring, but overall she is a easy grader and a great professor!
5.0 : Funny.  Smart.  Great to have discussions with.
5.0 : Amazing professor, makes the material easy to learn. I would definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Marieke was one of my favorite professors this past semester! The class itself is not that bad as long as you do the work. Her tests are almost exactly like her practice exams and she's very helpful and patient. Her notes are always posted online. She does give lecture quizzes, which do help your grade, so its important that you pay attention.
5.0 : Professor Kester's class has been my favorite so far at Mason. Her class is early but you won't regret taking it. She's real clear on what she wants, and I failed my first exam, but ended up with a A in the course. She's so clear in her notes, and the examples in class are EXACTLY like what's on the exam. Totally recommend her !!!!!
5.0 : She is amazing
5.0 : Had Prof Kester for biostats, she was great! Attend classes and do the homework that's assigned and you will do great. Great prof, wish she taught more classes at GMU!
5.0 : Marieke is a better teacher than 95% of the trained professors I've ever had. Her lectures are clear and easy to understand. You don't necessarily need to attend lecture to understand the material because the tutorial videos and notes she provides are very helpful, but she does give 5 pop quizzes to encourage attendance. TAKE HER!!!
3.0 : She's a good professor but not so much as a person. If she tells you the sky is green and you tried arguing that the sky is blue she won't  listen to you. You have to do whatever she thinks is right which is kinda annoying but overall her tests are easy if you study and her lectures are clear. show up to class, take notes and youll end up with an A
5.0 : Great teacher, explains concepts well, tests arent too hard if you review before hand open book for math part closed book for concepts
5.0 : Marieke is better than most of the professors teaching at Mason. She explains everything properly and is willing to help if you go to her office hours. Her lectures are not bad, she is really funny and makes them worthwhile. The class is an easy A if you put in some effort and come to class.
4.0 : I never went to class, and only to the exams, but from what I saw, she seemed funny. The tests were a lot easier(my second time taking it) than Laemmerzahl's. Take her over him is my advice. Her notes are online, and I could teach myself the material. She also posts up practices exams which are very similar style to her actual exams.
3.5 : Don't argue with her about your exam grades, she will not change it. If the sky is blue but she says it's gray.. it's gray. She's really chill but definitely doesn't work for her students. Study, go to class and you'll get an A.
4.5 : The best biostat professor at GMU.  Try to take her for this course if you can! Explains everything in a clear and easy to understand method and answers questions in a straightforward manner.  Recitation is annoying, but 35 percent of your grade so do your hw an go to it! Easy A.
4.0 : I took Kester the fall of 2015, she was great even at 8:30am, she has a funny personality, and she is VERY helpful, she gives 5 pop quizzes so SHOW UP TO CLASS! Make SURE to print the notes ahead of time, as well as doing your homework. She makes you memorize the WHOLE entire T and Chi Tables for closed portion. Say Chai table and she'll love you.
3.5 : Lectures are very clear! There's no way you can be confused if you pay attention. Notes are posted on BB beforehand; so print them out and take additional notes in class. But honestly, she's so clear-cut that you can just take notes on blank paper and still understand. She's very chill and down-to-earth.  Doesn't take attendance.
5.0 : Marieke is great. This class was easy for me because, hey, it's stats, but if I was sick or had a question, she was quick to answer and always inviting. Super funny. Has exams that are half closed book (memorize your formulas! Easy, mostly comprehensive material) and half open note. Good person, good teacher. She gives 5 in class assignments worth
5.0 : Take notes in class and listen you will do fine!
5.0 : She creates the exams &amp; they're very straight forward. All her lecture notes(literally everything she says in class) are on blackboard, she even bolds the vocab we need to know. 1st part of exam is open book (terms), 2nd part is closed book (solving problems). She is very organized and I really learned a lot in class. I would deff. take her again
5.0 : Go to class, take notes &amp; study them and you'll get an A. The notes she takes during class are super easy to follow. She recommends that you print out the notes ahead of time, but I never did since she literally wrote it all anyways &amp; I personally learn better writing things down. HW can be frustrating and long, but easy to do the night before.
4.0 : Kester is a solid choice for Biostats. The class doesn't use a textbook but she writes down all the notes and goes over them alongside you in class. This class has a recitation that meets once a week to go over and turn in homework. The material can be pretty tricky at times but show up to class and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Take!!
5.0 : If you want both an interesting and easy online class this is the one. The weekly discussion boards are easy to answer and as long as you have the textbooks, it's super easy. Mid-Term and Final are both papers both are on interesting topics and as long as you answer the questions given, you get a good grade. Great professor and a great class
4.0 : I really enjoyed this class. I thought it was taught really well. There are projects, including one group one, but hardly any reading or real lecture. It was really interactive,  I learned a lot of valuable skills I don't think I would have learned otherwise. You do have to do 15 hours of field experience.
5.0 : Easy class but boring
4.0 : Attendance is graded but if you miss class and tell him why he will give out a chance to make those points up. Papers are tedious but easy and actually helpful. Lectures are interesting. The readings/prep work are a little boring but not awful. He's great and willing to work with you. Take him!
5.0 : If only I could take more classes with him. He is one of the nicest professors ever! However, it is the typical 4 credit amount of classwork/homework.  I will definitely miss him because this class was somewhat easy. He is more than willing to meet you halfway on anything you may need. I would take this class 10x over.
5.0 : Awesome Professor who is very understanding. Attendance is a must; however, you can make points up by going to certain events discussed in class or aside with him personally. There are papers but can be easy if you put in the work. He makes lectures are interesting! I love his class!
5.0 : BEST professor I have had at GMU. Kindest person and I always end up having such a lovely time in his class. The things we learn are actually applicable to life and he is always there to help you out if needed.
5.0 : This is my second class with Mark. He is truly the best professor i have ever had gmu and I am truly thankful to have had the opportunity to be in his classes. The most easy going professor you will ever have. God bless his Soul.
5.0 : Dr. Thurston's course was the best undergrad course I've taken and  I am in my senior year. Never have I been so excited to attend a class. Truly cares about you as a person, always accessible outside of class. Most relevant course material to every aspect of life and well being you wont regret taking this class.
5.0 : You learn a lot about well being through carefully selected readings and video viewings. I enjoyed hearing his feedback on discussion posts and journals. I will say that we have two quizzes that feel more like tests and the first quiz was a bit difficult. You have to be familiar with all the work we go over to do well. Very kind professor!
4.0 : Definitely one of my favorite here at Mason. He is understanding if you miss class and always accessible. Super chill to chat about life with. Can't believe I got 3 credits to meditate and learn about the brain/how we think.
4.0 : This class is great if you are a psychology major. Prof. Thurston uses material that is led by psychologists around the world. You will get to know psychological coined phrases and names of professionals in the field.  These themes are the focus of most of the papers and quizzes that serve as the focus of the course. A+ for the little bits of soul.
5.0 : Prof. Thurston was awesome! Super kind and caring, and gave great feedback on assignments as well. This class was so easy, and yet I feel that I learned a lot about the field of positive psychology and well-being. There were weekly assignments but they were so easy and manageable. Take this super chill online class is you can, you won't regret it!
3.0 : Avoid her if you can, her tests are extremely tricky, her study guide is not helpful at all. She is nice and willing to help but her tests are off from her lecture. So read the book in advance to understand her lecture.
4.0 : Very nice professor. She goes over the material thoroughly and almost always extends quizzes due dates. She is also very understanding and willing to help. Participation is very important! The group project and presentation (30min) is a big chunk of your grade, so don't mess up on that. Otherwise, would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Very nice professor. Explains chapters well and very understanding. Take her if you can!
5.0 : She is very understanding and caring. Explains chapters well, offers extra credit, but cares a lot about participation. Read every chapter just to know the vocab, participate, do the quizzes on Bb+ blogs, and you will get an A. The more u use vocab on your tests/blogs, the better! She's a fair grader and very respectful! Take her!
4.0 : she's a good teacher, not a very hard grader. the course isn't put together by the teacher so its pretty hard to rate her teaching. she's really nice and helpful.
5.0 : Professor Mumbai is a very nice. She is very patient and explains the topics very well. She gives one extra credit assignment and no homework. Her tests are tricky, but if you follow her study guide and the book you are set. Very good class!
5.0 : I loved this class and learned so much from professor Mungai! She is an excellent speaker and helps you participate in class. Textbook use is required and there will be around 10 question quizzes on blackboard based on them. There will be a final group project which she will help make sure your group is on track.
4.0 : Prof. Mungai was a great teacher! Her lectures were clear, and she was clear about what to expect on the exam. There was an easy group project. Get the textbook and study the case studies and vocab. She was understanding about outside responsibilities. Exam was reasonable. Assignments were easy enough.  Overall an easy class with a great teacher.
4.5 : This class is easily one of the most boring to sit through, the material is so dry but you must go to understand. The teacher is extremely nice and helpful theres just really no way to make it fun. The tests are fairly tricky
5.0 : Easily my favorite class. Professor Mungai is so nice, caring, and you can really tell that she knows what she is doing. She always has a smile on her face. Business is a boring topic to teach but she makes it bearable. 110% would take this class again.
5.0 : There are ten quizzes that you take online that are really simple to do. There is also a group project you do in Week 14 and you also have to write your own paper. That might sound complicated, but this class is actually an easy A. As long as you do the assignments and go to class, it is really hard to not do well in this class.
5.0 : Her exams are fairly straightforward. You HAVE TO learn the study guide. Follow her rubric for writing assignments &amp; u'll be fine. Also, MindTap homework is very helpful in terms of preparing for exams. Come to her office hour to let her see your Business Project, because it is not easy to earn full points without having her help to revise it.
5.0 : The class is a little difficult because of all the new law terms one has to learn. But Prof. Mungai explains it so good. Five exams, one drops not the final though. One essay of off four. Don't miss lectures, and pay attention in her class. Take notes on the things she stresses and read the cases she talks about and you will understand the concept
5.0 : No expensive unused textbook in her class, just assigned readings.
5.0 : Mungai was fantastic! There are reading quizzes based on the chapter for that week, and they're online so you can use your book (need the book), and you get 2 tries. There's a midterm and final which are LONG, but they're based on the PowerPoints on BB, so just study those and you're good. I'm taking her for BULE303 because she's incredible!
5.0 : Great professor, fair grader &amp; gives great feedback. Make sure you cite your sources because he takes a lot of points off if you don't. Pay attention in class he likes calling on random people to keep the class engaged. A little tough on the group project because he grills you up there, but work hard, study the text &amp; you'll def get a good grade.
2.5 : Prof. Farrell is very good but strict and vague in some instructions, business casual attire required in class, business professional for final presentation; if not, points are taken down. This class is more about turning in individual assignments on time than working in group, so feel free to slack; the participation points don't have big weight.
4.0 : Professor Koyama is one of my favorites at GMU. He is passionate and smart about Economics. Gives thought provoking lectures with interesting supporting data. If you're into the actual material, it's nice. It was a class that gets you excited about the learning not a checklist of syllabus items. Coursework is moderate.
5.0 : Seriously one of my favourite courses in university. Not only was the material very interesting and relevant, even the group project, but his knowledge is so broad and really helps you understand the concepts. He was willing to put in extra time to review with students from both sections before our exams, even with inclement weather.
3.0 : if you do all the reading he assigns you will be reading for days. just pay attention in class, take GOOD notes, and review the parts of the readings he talks about in his slides. curves exams. exams are essay only. lectures are boring. but pretty easy grader.
4.0 : Clearly tells you what to read and when. Expects you to do the readings before class so they can be discussed. Very passionate and knowledgeable teacher that enjoys the subject he teaches. Tests are all short answer, take home final was writing a 1000 word paper on 1 of 3 prompts given. a couple cheap books, many readings online. Very fair grader
5.0 : Lectures are really in depth and you don't really need to read if you pay attention in class. He isn't very lenient in terms of due dates and grading but justly so as he provides all the information you need to succeed. There's one group project and he groups people by class grade. Excellent course, you really learn a lot. Addresses all opinions.
5.0 : Easy, fun class. Do the simple work and you'll get an A. Wish I could take this class every semester.
5.0 : What a delightful class led by an interesting professor. He really cares about the class. Give him respect, he give respect in return. Very fun. This guy needs more ratings!
4.0 : Awesome motivational teacher.
4.0 : The most helpful lab instructor I have ever had. Make sure you study for the quizzes -there is one every week so don's slack! The powerpoints are straight to the point and everything is explained very clearly. I wish she was my lab professor for every lab! Def. recommend her!
4.5 : Lori has impacted the lives of many students. She focuses on drawing ties between your personal identity, class content, and current events. This class was a break from the regular set up - you will leave feeling more morally and spiritually aware but bothered about your socio-economical surroundings. Books are relevant and interesting to read.
5.0 : She's simply amazing! Lectures never feel like lectures, she's very open about her life, she's very inspirational, and a truly kind person. She will actually get you into real practice, so take her class! I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : So much to say! so very little space to put it all! IF YOU WANT TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE! take any of lori's classes. She is BRILLIANT! consider yourself truly previledged should you get the opportunity to take her class. Lori if you ever go on this site, know that you have changed the lives of many, inspired them to continue the quest for peace!
5.0 : best teacher ever.
4.5 : Very entertaining, very understanding as long as he knows that you are trying your best. Gives a lot of hw and you need to do it as it is a language course.  Fair grader and helpful! I started from not being able to read anything to being able to read, write, and understand basic Arabic. YALLAH  HABIBI REGISTER FOR HIS CLASS!
5.0 : Very easy professor, but also very helpful. His exams are very easy because he goes over them in class. He's very laid back!
5.0 : Dave is the best!!! I love his class, very interesting and will learn a lot from it.
3.5 : (continuedHe has definitely got a brain and he is a definitely smart enough to get your 100 percent attention. There had been only few professor in my life so far who made me fall in love with Economics and I curse him to this date as because of him I had decided to be an Econ Major.
3.5 : fter him there had been nobody else, until now. Prof. Hebert who made me fall in love with Econ again, alas this was my last semester I had already made up my mind of never to pursue my career in economics, because I know Economics will stay the same but professors like David Hebert are very few.
2.0 : Relies HEAVILY on the weekly readings to structure the class. Weekly quizzes based on the readings, she spends class time reviewing the quiz questions. Annoying group project, she had groups meet EVERY WEEK to discuss the project one question at a time, got annoying fast!. Must go to class for participation points.  and exams are excessive!
5.0 : Professor Gill is so much and very easy to talk to. She is incredibly smart and has a lot of experience to share. If you are able to take her class definitely do so! Do the readings just so you can participate in class and get more out of it (though not required)
5.0 : She's the BOMB DOT COM
5.0 : There's no textbook-- just articles that can be accessed via the GMU Library website or Google Scholar.  Professor Gill is smart and very enthusiastic about the class material.  She's easily accessible and always willing to help!  Her class material builds upon itself throughout the semester and continues to expand, making the class stimulating.
4.5 : So this class is an easy A if you go to lectures, actually do your weekly online quizzes, and put forth some effort on the project. Nothing is too difficult its just actually doing the work.
5.0 : Professor Mulholland is a great teacher, who just wants her class to learn. If you do not participate you will not get a good grade. Does an online part of the class for homework, which was easy to follow. I've never been in a better Spanish class.
5.0 : I was so worried to take this class in the beginning, but the professor is so sweet and helpful. She is so lovely! She makes teaching very entertaining! She has a great passion for teaching and she will help you as much as she can. Take this class! You won't regret.
5.0 : Prof. Mulholland is seriously awesome. I was nervous for an online spanish class but she kept it organized and was always there to support you. She genuinely just wants you to learn and will work with you to make it happen. I hope I am able to take her for 210, best language professor you could ask for.
4.0 : This class was challenging and fast paced. I am returning to school after many years - my Spanish was very basic and minimal. I really had to work hard to keep up. If you are in the same situation, I recommend spending at least an hour reviewing book material and doing some practice on the website the book offers in the introduction section.
5.0 : Professor Mulholland is an excellent teacher. Very clear, highly organized and exceptionally helpful. I learned a great deal and enjoyed the class very much.
5.0 : Professor Mulholland was exceptional in my first online Spanish course. She was very clear about expectations and she responded quickly with any additional information that was needed. I am actually taking the next level course SPAN-210 online with her this summer. She really cares about her students and will go the extra mile to help you succeed.
5.0 : This course was the first online Spanish course that I have attempted. Professor Mulholland was wonderful. She made her expectations very clear and was quick to respond to any questions. She really cares about her students and wants then to succeed. I am currently taking the next course, SPAN 210, with her as well.
5.0 : Professor Mulholland is a wonderful professor and really cares for her students.  She responds quickly to emails and clearly states all that is required for the course.  This class is not difficult if you do the hw.  Professor Mulholland sets a very comfortable learning environment and I would recommend her to anyone.
5.0 : She is super nice and the class is really fun when it comes to learning. MySpanishLab is where participation comes it, so be familiar with how it works. The only thing that threw me off a little is that she uses programs that record you while testing. It made me a little uncomfortable and would cause me to make mistakes, but I get why she uses it.
5.0 : Mulholland is an excellent professor. What I loved most about her class was that it was obvious that she loved to teach. Showing up to class and doing the homework is a sure way to understand the course and get a good grade.
5.0 : Mulholland is a caring professor that is very respectful of different students beliefsbackgrounds, essentially an outstanding person. The only way anyone can fail this class is by being brain dead. She is VERY clear on what is expected for work (which isn't a lot), and gives plenty of good feedback. She's pretty fun, too.
2.5 : I've always excelled in Spanish until I took this class. This prof does a flipped classroom (teach yourself- style) and isn't afraid to call you out if she thinks you don't understand. I can honestly say my Spanish got worse in this class despite my efforts. She is a nice lady and noticed my struggles, but unfortunately didn't give much help.
4.5 : This course relies a lot on the Supersite activities so make sure you complete the assignments before class. Other than that, it is a great class. Profesora Mulholland cares about her students and is very patient in explaining grammar to the class. I highly recommend taking a class with her! I would definitely hope to get her as a professor again
4.0 : If you don't watch her online lecture videos, you will feel you're not learning because in class time is used for applying what the videos teach.  Dr. Slavin has dry humor (which is great) and kept the material at a perfect level of difficult.  Her exams were (almost) fun because they really made you think and realize that you understood the topic.
3.0 : This is a horrible online course. So many IN-DEPTH assignments, weekly discussions, HARD exams. No extra credit. Assignments and discussions are graded harshly. If you have to take this class, DO NOT take it ONLINE. WORST online experience.
4.0 : She's a good professor, however, it was very confusing to navigate through blackboard because of the way it was set up. A lot of group participation which I wasn't a huge fan of because it was online. However, she makes what she expects clear and is not a hard grader. Would recommend her if you're good with taking online classes.
1.5 : If you want to be a nutrition major then take this class. But if you're just trying to get the  gen ed credit don't do online. She graded harshly and her study guides were useless. Don't sacrifice your summer for this professor unless you're passionate about nutrition.
5.0 : She is a sweet person and understanding. She is knowledgeable.  Her first exam was difficult, the assignment she gives are time consuming. Read over the PowerPoint and use the study guide she provides.
4.5 : She is very knowledgeable, super helpful but if you are not a nutrition major, do not take this class especially in the summer!
4.0 : She is a great professor. She does give in-class group assignments, projects, and exams. However, they are not bad at all. She is a reasonable grader. Just do the work and you'll get a good grade. She is also a very caring professor. She spent some time offering people help if they were going through a tough time. In short words, she saved my life.
5.0 : Dr. Slavin is a fantastic professor, truly one of the best in the graduate program. She really cares about teaching and the student experience, and it comes across. There were a couple times during the semester when she took an hour out of her day to explain a difficult concept to me in a way I could digest. She is well loved in the NFS program.
5.0 : Tabine was definitely my favorite teacher last year. Not only is his class easy to pass, but it's a great start for learning arabic. He is 100% dedicated to his students. If you get a bad grade he'll always give you an opportunity for extra credit For all those smart asses who already speak arabic, don't interrupt him if he makes a mistake.
4.5 : Kamal  is so far the best Arabic teacher I HAVE HAD. not only does he care about us, help us to use the language  out loud, but he also send us cheat sheets every time we have a quiz or a test. he is always there for us, by email, in office hours, or even on the phone sometimes. JUST one thing  plan attending his classes and hand in hmw on time!!
5.0 : As a heritage speaker Ustaash Kamal's engagement and interaction have made me cherish my language and culture more. He has a unique way of communicating with each and every student providing us all feedback. I also love the video projects: they are fun and teach us how to learn use and own vocabulary items in context. DO NOT HESITATE TO TAKE HIM.
1.5 : If you want an easy A in a 6 credit class take him, if you actually want to learn then take someone else.
5.0 : Fantastic professor and class.   i felt inspired and engaged through the whole class and plan to continue to study arabic, even though i have finished the required language  credits for my degree.
4.0 : He really cares about his students and really wants them to learn to speak the language but also helps with reading and writing. I've been around the language my whole life but I learned how to read and write and he encourages you to practice speaking. It's great and really fun class.
5.0 : Best Teacher ! Best helper! Best mentor.  His T/TR 3 hour- session classes pass so fast. Classes are fun and very engaging. PLUS I am very glad I am participating in his Winter Arabic Study Abroad this January!! if you care about learning  and  using the language": you should DEFINITELY take him !!!!!!!!
3.0 : Great if you want an easy A, not very great if you want to actually learn. I would suggest another professor.
4.5 : I am writing this as a 110 student to strongly dennouce what occurred in the most recent review of Professor Kamal. So far he has the best ever teacher as he integrates the cultural a lot both inside and outside the classroom ! He makes produce the language and NOT only recieve it. In every class he makes u talk in group &amp; present in a fun way
5.0 : Sample is hilarious, by far my favorite teacher at GMU. Lectures are fun instead of boring and you can tell that he really loves his job, and he is a master in integrating culture, language and fun at same time Don't hesitste taking his class !!!
5.0 : She is the best!!! Her method of teaching is good.
5.0 : She shows up and gives great lectures, lets you know what will be on the exams, and provides power points. She minimizes the unnecessary and emphasizes the important elements of the course. No busy work. Just read or come to class, take tests, done. Few labs. She's so kind, fair and intelligent--great person overall.
2.0 : First day she tells us the US education sys. is the easiest so being that she was not born in the US, I knew she would be very hard on us. Her accent makes it hard to understand her.  This teacher is very knowledgeable but doesn't care about the success of her students. She never gave us HW, would've helped alot.  I had to repeat this course!
5.0 : I absolutely disagree with the previous student. Dr. Kalifa is by far the best professor! Very respectful, clear, understanding and very smart. She clearly tells you what to expect in the exams and reviews before every lecture and exam. She cares for her students and wants every body to pass. She is the best!!!
4.5 : Best A&amp;P instructor. Very nice and understanding unlike other guy. They only lab instructor who is actually both MD and PhD in physiology.
5.0 : Dr. Kalifa is an amazing professor by all means!! She loves teaching and goes out of her way to make us all be on the same level. I had a long break after high school and I was overwhelmed at the beginning but Dr. Kalifa helped me all the way spending extra time after each lecture if necessary and motivating me. she is simply the best by all means!
4.5 : Dr Kalifa is so passionate about biology! She is very kind and approachable. Very clear in her lectures and very specific on what needs to be studied for in exams and quizzes. She wants students to pass and makes herself available if one needs help. If you focus on her slides, lectures, and understand the material you are sure to get an A.
5.0 : She is the best instructor for the lab, she makes it easy to digest new topics. Beside the fact that she is super helpful comparing to other lab instructor for the same class
1.0 : Dr. Kalifa is an amazing professor!! I never had one like her, so ambitious and energetic. She makes you appreciate science by the way she teaches. Very clear, posts power points ahead of lecture. she reviews lecture before moving foreward everyday. she reviews exams and makes clear what to expect. SHE IS THE BEST BY ALL MEANS!
4.5 : Dr. Kalifa is awesome. She is there to help. She wants you to understand and appreciate the material. Tests are fair if you study a lot but she has power points and good reviews to help. She is really helpful and passionate about what she is teaching. Take her!
5.0 : I don't understand why the previous two comments are very good but shows as 'poor quality'. may be there is a technical glitch. Dr. Kalifa is the best professor I ever had. she makes sure you understand the material before  moving on.she repeatedly asks the class for any questions.She gives exam review and posts lecture on black board. TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : I could not ask for a better instructor than Dr. Kalifa. she is an amazing teacher! She makes sure every student is on the same page before moving on. she make is all fun, I will definitely take her in fall. Dr. Kalifa is sooo helpful, knowledgeable and above all passionate. Dr. Kalifa is the best in every way.
5.0 : Dr. Kalifa is an amazing professor by all means! Knowledgeable, helpful and motivated to teach. I leaned a lot in a short summer, she makes you appreciate science. she motivates you to be the best you can. she is simply the best you can have. TAKE HER!!
5.0 : Shes awesome. best anatomy professor ever. always willing to help you and very fun personality!
5.0 : Great professor and person! I have already graduated and I found Dr. Kalifa to be the best professor of all my 4 years in college.
5.0 : Dr. Kalifa is by far the best Professor in the world.Her level of knowledge and passion for the material is unmatched by any other professor. Sciences are never easy, let alone Anatomy,but the way Dr. Kalifa teaches inspires you to want to exceed an average grade,and get an A.I wish she was my professor for all of my classes.
5.0 : She is just the Best!
5.0 : One of the best professors. He is hilarious, intellectual, and caring/kind. He really knows what he is talking about and knows how to teach it. He is understanding of students' personal issues, and even advised me on my research interests. He has mini quizzes based on reading, which are easy, and exams are one double sided page. Take his class!
5.0 : Freaking hilarious and adorable. She'll bring dild0s and candy for teaching. No HW. Just two project assignments towards end of semester. Love her.
5.0 : She's absolutely hilarious and provides real world advice. The class is literally a joke. It was so easy, you just need to show up and do the work which is not even much. No final because there was a group project. Loved this class, glad I took it.
5.0 : AWESOME PROFESSOR!!!!! (: Only have 4 grades, participation, midterm, an individual project/assignment and a group project but it was alll so easy and manageable. you learn a lot and the professor makes lecture fun and entertaining. There a textbook but i never really used it. She usually dismiss class early and is really understanding! TAKE HER
5.0 : Funniest professor I have ever had. Super easy class, midterm was our only test and we could use our book and notes. Two projects at the end that weren't hard at all, just tedious. Lectures in first half of the semester are kind of dull but in second half they're really fun! You will actually look forward to class. Take her!
5.0 : I LOVE PROFESSOR LINDLEY. She is amazing!! Took her for 2 classes and I wish she taught more classes. She is soo funny and caring. The homeworks are so easy and count for completion only. Take home tests and final and one paper. Highly recommend taking her.
5.0 : Love her to death. She gave us a take home midterm and final. Homework assignments are very easy. Participation counts, so you have to come to class, but you will have fun in her class and learn a lot. Great professor. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors I've had.  She gave us a take home midterm as well as a final. There isn't much work in that class. Participation is important! She makes the class hilarious and amazing. If you respect her, then she will respect you as well as help you with anything including a recommendation! 1000/10 would recommend her.
5.0 : Missed her calling as a stand-up comedian, but by no means takes her work as a joke. She continually goes above and beyond to improve the student learning experience. I learned quite a bit, had a great experience, and in the process, had loads of fun. She exemplifies an academic professor to the fullest!  Wish I had more classes with Prof. L.
5.0 : Amazing professor! She's so funny! She really likes class discussions and makes it interesting. You don't need to read the book at all, midterm is open notes and final is take home.
5.0 : Best professor I ever had in my life and probably will EVER have in my life. She's extremely funny, makes the topic way more interesting than what it really is, and she is also very helpful. I had no problem asking her questions, even the silliest questions, because she makes you feel comfortable to ask. Easy A. Take her!!! You will not regret it.
5.0 : She is the best! Definitely take her over the summer if you can. Class is a breeze, there is one small written assignment you turn in and a paired presentation, which is not difficult at all.
5.0 : Dr. Lindley is such a great professor. She makes the coursework very understandable and gives multiple examples to facilitate understanding. I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Lindley is awesome!  The class was one of my favorites.  She has great lectures that are very helpful and makes it easier to understand.  Not one time was she not joking around or being funny with the class.  There was homework due just about every week, a midterm, a theory in action paper, and a take home final.  Take her!
5.0 : Dr. Fraser's passion for folklore is contagious. She loves her discipline and it shows. Her goal is to help you learn, she doesn't trick you or pull any punches. THE MOST feedback I've ever received on papers, which for English majors is a REAL asset!
5.0 : Professor Fraser is so nice and gives great lectures. Her content is always interesting and she makes class fun.
5.0 : I love professor Frasers Folklore class. It was so much fun!!
5.0 : joy is really sweet, smart and easy to listen to (Scottish accent).  I also thought she was clear so I'm not sure why others thought not. you have a lot to do but plenty of time and the readings are interesting so it isn't so hard to write.
5.0 : The subject wasn't the most fascinating of subjects to learn.  Heavily based on discussion and class participation. 3 papers  and 2 presentations. One of them was leading that week's reading. The questions for readings that were assigned were a little vague because it moved from in person to BB when turning them in.
5.0 : Joy loves what she does; she is a firm grader but is willing to work with the student. She is not going to easy grade and accept short of what she knows to be the student's best; she wants them to learn something from the class that they are paying a lot for.
5.0 : She is great. Passionate about her subject and explains things very clearly. I took the class because it was the only 400 level avail. and it became my favorite class of the semester. Extremely fair grader and provides tons of feedback so you can improve. Cares about her students and is always open to new ideas.
5.0 : Awesome Professor! Class was always fun and I walked away feeling like I learned a ton about folk lore and culture. Papers are challenging in the good way that makes you think and she gives extremely detailed feedback. Always easy to access by email.
4.0 : Light-hearted, funny. Takes the subject matter seriously, knows a lot. Very respectful of students. Gets papers back fairly quickly, I don't know what the other rater's problem was. Makes extensive comments on papers, very positive. Jokes that no one will be reading them! Lots of flexibility with written assignments and quizzes. Positive experience
4.5 : Prof Fraser is one of the most helpful and enthusiastic professors at Mason. She is passionate about her field and always takes time to help students during office hours. Lectures can be a bit tangential.
5.0 : Joy is a ball of sunshine. She loves what she does and is really enthusiastic when reading the work of her students. The work isn't hard, but it can be a challenge if you don't listen to the lectures. She is willing to help with anything you are not sure about though.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Takes the time to explain the topics clearly and has the best cases/stories! She clearly goes over what will be on the final, and the other assignments are fairly easy. Great class and great professor!
5.0 : Course: Besides KINE 400 (Biomechanics), this course was the toughest course I have taken during college.  You must go to class or you won't pass. Labs are actually pretty fun.  Professor: Dr. Robison makes the course super interesting and engaging.  He's always available to help you out when needed.  110% recommend him.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor in the program. He makes everything very clear before he moves forward. Had him for several classes and in every one his tests ARE his slides. Usually dont use the book too much. Take good notes, understand everything on his slides and you'll be alright.  Exams are hard, but he gives you what you need.  Love this guy.
5.0 : Great!
1.0 : Awesome professor. He knows his stuff and makes his classes intellectually stimulating. Lots of group work in class to learn material. His tests were basically his powerpoints (which he posts online if you don't come to class) I always did well on his tests, they were multiple choice mostly. I've had him in many other classes and always get A's
5.0 : By far the BEST professor I have had in my college career.  He makes everything so interesting and fun.  If possible to take him for a class, TAKE HIM, you will NOT regret it.
4.5 : I definitely enjoyed his exercise physiology class. He makes learning fun!
5.0 : This class has hard material in it. Luckily, Dr. Robison makes it a lot easier with his teaching. He goes over everything really slow and tries to break things down so they seem more simple. His exams are difficult as they are mostly short answer questions. If you memorize his power points top to bottom you will do well.
5.0 : My favorite professor in the Kinesiology department. He has a dark sense of humor about the material that I found hilarious. Exams are kind of difficult; you need to know his powerpoints well and also read the textbook (some questions come right from the book and aren't covered in his powerpoints). Curves exams so the highest exam grade is a 100.
4.5 : Kind of a nervous lecturer (seems green, still needs to find her stride and confidence), but is well-prepared and clear in her explanations and puts ALL the material you need to succeed on Blackboard. Super approachable and responsive to student questions. She will go out of her way to try and help you.
4.0 : Solid professor. Gives you pretty much everything you need to succeed (notes online, mostly clear examples and explanations) and is super responsive via email and in person to questions. She tries to make things more interesting via media. Bring caffeine/be well-rested for tests--they're marathons with some tricky bits in them. Doing HW is key!
4.0 : Pros: Happy to answer questions during lecture. Has clear expectations and a very fair grading criteria. She cares how her students are doing.  Cons: Moves extremely quickly through material. Tests are not hard, but can be very long. Finishing before the class is over might be difficult.  Safe 4/5. Her Pros outweigh the cons
4.0 : Professor Kosoglu is an excellent professor. Her lectures are very clear and helpful so do pay attention. CEIE 203 dealt with AutoCad and Civil3D. She has 3 exams total, but drops the lowest grade of the three. Amazing professor and will take again for future CEIE classes.
5.0 : She is one of the best engineering teachers that I have had, she is super smart and knows what she is talking about, as long as you show your work, you'll get good credit even if one number was wrong. The class is a little bit difficult but she drops 1 out of 3 exams and she tells you what to expect. LOVE HER
4.5 : For Engineering Graphics: More of a critique of the class than the professor, but I felt like more explanations could be made for why we were making the moves that we were making. I felt like the processes were quite formulaic, and I was just going through the motions: if I was given a problem in the real world, I wouldn't know how to approach it.
5.0 : Dr. Kosoglu is a genuinely decent person that really knows her stuff. I have taken her for multiple classes now and would recommend her to anyone. The grading is always fair and she is very approachableaccessible  in terms of getting help. Expect the normal amount of homework you would have in any other 300 level engineering course. 1010
4.5 : Great teacher! She responses to email on time and very helpful in and outside of class. Definitely go with this professor!
4.0 : She gives you all the tools you need to do well enough. Her lectures are a good balance of theory and example problems. All of her in-class example problems were made available online. The homework can be tough, but it is good prep for her exams.
3.5 : She knows the subject well, but can be boring.
5.0 : She is an excellent professor!!! Engineering classes in general are difficult, but she explain very good (it can get boring, but it is clear). The grade is fair and if you do the HW and study for the test you can get B easy! Great teacher!!!!
3.0 : Laura is a pretty good teacher but I would have hoped that she would make her classes a bit more interesting.
4.5 : Very kind and helpful, loves to help students understand assignments and concepts. But very long classes, so be prepared. Reasonable assignments. Attendance not mandatory, but there's no review so you'll miss in-class activities and discussion. Ask all your questions!
5.0 : amazing teacher, very kind.
5.0 : She lives what she teaches and living proof that yoga works
1.5 : Never responds to emails.. Which is super frustrating.. Very strange. made yoga somewhat unenjoyable and very boring
5.0 : Best introductory Chinese professor. Highly recommended. Lots of quizzes and tests but if you study the book you will be quite alright. She reviews, reviews, reviews. All the time. Also, GO TO CLASS b/c so much material is covered in one day. Easy grader and very understanding. She wants to help YOU so you should put some effort back. Fun class.
5.0 : I took this professor for CHIN110/210 and absolutely LOVED her. The class(es) itself can be a bit demanding, but she was always willing to help. Hands down, one of my favorite professors at GMU.
5.0 : Very easy grader, which is good because Chinese can be a difficult language to learn. Sometimes class can be a bit boring and tedious, but it's important not to skip because a lot of information is covered each class. Usually a quiz or test every week but they're not hard. Overall, great professor. She's very nice and really tries to help students.
5.0 : Professor Girgis is the BEST CHEM TA I've ever had! He does an EXCELLENT job at explaining difficult concepts and relating them to "real life". There was not a single dull moment in his class. He is very encouraging when it comes to asking questions so don't be afraid to ask for help; see him during his office hours for help! &amp;Rubric is very clear!
5.0 : He is Very knowledgeable, patient and passionate in his presentations. I liked the preclass discussions. He is willing to help as needed. Just make the effort and follow his guidelines.
4.5 : This organic chem lab with him as the instructor has been by far the best lab I have experienced. Foremost, his knowledge and excitement for the subject is very encouraging and makes the content much more understandable. He made each lab session very organized and straightforward which is quite refreshing, especially when the material is confusing.
5.0 : Best teacher ever, very helpful and hands on throughout the entire semester. I had him for both of my rgo I &amp; II. Quizzes &amp; final was a challenge. Watch what he is saying in class and take notes during his lectures
4.5 : He is an okay teacher but his quizzes are too tough. His lab reports are really easy but he is a really picky grader.  Overall he's okay. Possible to get an A if you ace everything
5.0 : Michael was the best lab instructor I have had at GMU. He was incredibly helpful during the lab sessions and with understanding the difficult material. He definitely made me feel comfortable in asking questions when I did not understand. Very relatable and intelligent.
4.0 : He is mean but fair grader. Just make sure to do the lab reports EXACTLY the way he wants them and study for the quizzes. If you do that you will get an A
1.0 : Dr. Girgis is a very oriented and knowledgeable person, but from a student's perspective unfortunately I felt that he does not have enough respect for me!
1.5 : Do not ask questions! he is not gonna like it and for sure you'll get terrible grade!
5.0 : Michael is extremely fair. If you put effort into the labs and the reports, you should get a decent grade.  Weekly quizzes were unpredictable - some are extremely easy and others were more challenging. The final exam was incredibly straightforward.  I highly recommend Michael as a lab instructor.
5.0 : I think I finally got Organic Chemistry. I wish I had him in my Orgo 1. The way he makes things simple and line up together to make perfect sense.   Finally, I can dare to say it "I got it" I really enjoyed taking his class he is one of the few people who do have a lot of passion towards what they are doing. I highly recommend taking his class.
5.0 : The class is exactly what you make it. If you're not one to participate in class, do not enroll. The professor is extremely intelligent, very insightful, and listens very carefully to what the students produce.
4.5 : Although I understand this is an intro class, she should teach elementary school because she can't seem to finish a SINGLE sentence without implicitly asking for answers.(2 + 2 is?) Some in my class had already taken physics and she still expected attendance! At one point told the class not to tell absent students about an extra credit opportunity
5.0 : This class is very introductory so if you've already taken physics 2 then it will be a lot of review with some new concepts mixed in. There's a good amount of homework assignments and there are pop quizzes. The tests are not that hard but the questions can be vague. She basically teaches off the notes that are posted on blackboard.
5.0 : This class was very solid. The material was interesting and detailed, and was neither superficial nor too challenging for a 100-level class. Lectures and grading criteria were clear and well-organized, and exams did not deviate from lecture material. Dr. Kurtay was approachable and helpful throughout. Recommended without reservation.
5.0 : Great class, professor Kurtay cares about her students and is always available outside of class to offer help. Definitely go to lectures.
5.0 : She is one of the best lab professors I have had. She is a wonderful person and teacher. Most importantly, she is interested in what what she teaches. She is accessible and does not mind questions.  She will even do extra homework on her part to answer your questions. Loved Professor Einhorn!
5.0 : Very good professor. She truly cares about students and very helpful. The lab for this has a lot of work. You really need to put effort as you do in the lecture. There are lots of homework and there is an fly experiment you need to do outside the class. Also, you have a midterm and a final. Make sure you read the manual because materials are tough.
5.0 : She is very helpful and down to earth. Connects lab with real life so makes it very interesting. If put in enough effort decent grade is possible.  Highly recommend her for lab and had great learning experience.
5.0 : Excellent professor but she is restricted by the course requirements set by Professor Lyons.  She described concepts very well and she knows her stuff!  I think they should give her some leeway to teach the way she feels necessary.  Pay attention and read the book because Lyon's quizzes are ridiculous... too bad Prof. Leary can't take charge...
4.5 : Prof Leary is great! One of the best online infosec courses I've taken at Mason. She is very responsive and helpful and a very fair grader. The tests are not easy but they are not impossible - study the study guides very closely and you will do fine. The papers seem intimidating but once you write them they are simple and easy to get an A on.
4.0 : She is an amazing teacher!. Every class you will have a short quiz on the lecturer covered last week!
5.0 : Took this class over the summer and it was pretty easy considering the condensed timeline. There are 2 papers to write, midterm and final. If you put some effort into it, you can breeze trough the class.
4.5 : Book is very important.
5.0 : Professor Jadallah is not only an amazing professor, she's also an amazing human being and extremely experienced practitioner. She treats you as a partner and helps you nourish and enhance the skills you already possess to become a more skillful practitioner. Take her class and you will learn a ton about the intersection of theory and practice.
5.0 : I really enjoy taking lab with Jessye. She is one of the sweetest lab TAs I have ever had in my life. She makes the material very crystal clear and she is very willing to help at the end of class. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!
4.5 : TAKE HER! She's very down to earth and helpful. Super funny and comes up with quick ways to memorize things for the practicals. Easy quizzes. You have to do a lot of studying on your own - but that's a given for the class. Helpful in class, but hard to reach through email and at open lab. Really enjoyed her personality; made 3 hours fun.
5.0 : Jessye is great! Her lectures are always clear and to the point and if you do not understand something she is always willing to help. You have to study for the quizzes, but they are definitely doable. If you have to take A&amp;P, take lab with Jessye!
5.0 : She's a great professor
5.0 : Jessye makes Anatomy and physiology Lab easy and understandble. She is probably the best lab TA, soon to be professor you could have taken. Unfortuanately she is probably leaving soon.
5.0 : Hands down the most awesome COMM professor at GMU. He can be a little intimidating, but I can honestly say he really cares about his students. If you get offended easily, this course is probably not for you. But I guarantee you'll walk out of his class feeling inspired and educated!
5.0 : amazing professor!!!! He really cares about his students. His class of COMM 320 really helps you to make a plan for your career path. I am now currently taking COMM 454 with him because I enjoyed his class so much last semester. Do not take this class if you get offended easily.
5.0 : Professor Davis is awesome but, like others said before, do not take him if you are easily offended. I am in his Comm 454 (a great Comm synthesis course) and he is obviously passionate about what he teaches. READ READ READ your textbook, you can be thrown out if you don't. Exams are hard, but you'll be fine if you show up and read.
5.0 : Probably one of the greatest professors I've ever had at GMU.  He takes the time to talk to his students to get to know them.  He wants to make sure that you're getting what you paid for.  Awesome professor.
5.0 : Professor Davis is the best professor anyone can have, period. He knows what he's talking about and doesn't provide useless information. He keeps class interesting and prepares you for your daily lives. Take advantage of the help he offers because it's worth it. Don't walk into class without a sense of humor, though.
5.0 : Davis is the best prof I've had in my college career &amp; I'm a senior. He can be intimidating at first with his blunt sense of humor but warm up to him, it will be the best decision you can make seeing as how he encourages students to make an effort to get to know him. Take all of his classes and learn so much he has to offer- such a great person!!
1.0 : This guy sucks. I don't even know if he knows what programming is. Not a smart guy at all. All over the place when he tries to explain simple concepts.
1.0 : Extremely boring and there is no need to go to class
5.0 : Many homeworks, but very helpful. Broad tests emphasize conceptual understanding. Material isn't always easy but attending class, doing the work, and asking questions is enough. No quizzes. Some extra credit for participating and following instructions. Generally engaging and articulate. Quick turnaround time for grades. Definitely recommended!
5.0 : Ahmad is a great professor. He explains the material then solves problems with class, which will make you understand the material. This is not an easy class but if you listen his lectures and pay attention to the class exercises, you should be fine. Lots of homework but helps you understand the material better. No quizzes. Best option for ECE301!!!
3.0 : Attendance is mandatory. Ahmad is a fun guy. seems to know his stuff for the most part. However sometimes class can be a bit confusing as he does not paint the big picture before going into details. Not an easy class. Had to work hard for my A. accompanying lab is easy. overall a pretty fun class.
4.0 : Nice guy. Lots of homework, but it's necessary to fully grasp the material. Fair grader.
4.5 : Ahmad is a good instructor. I felt that he explained topics thoroughly and really cared about his students succeeding. He was engaging and made efforts to keep the class interesting. A very easygoing and respectful instructor. I would recommend him as the top choice for ECE 301. Not an easy class, but hard work pays off and I was able to earn an A.
5.0 : He cares about his students and will help you through emails and office hours.  He assigns a lot of homework, but it's necessary to pass the class and understand the material. Attendance is mandatory, and some extra credit opportunities will be offered. This is a hard class, so do the homework, ask questions, and pay attention in lectures.
5.0 : He is very fair with his grading. Attendance is mandatory. Gives a few extra credit on homework neatness or participation in class. An even better educator one on one in office hour. Doesn't accept late homework. Very organized. Curves a tiny bit at the end. Lab is easy and doesn't take a lot of time.  I'd defiantly recommend him if you work hard.
5.0 : He loves what he does and it shows. He is difficult at times but he is professional and treats the class fairly. I had a lot of fun. If you put the effort in your grade will reflect it. If  you don't I would consider him a tough grader. When it comes to Comm 100 he helped me really enjoy the content and apply to my major.
5.0 : There are quizzes for each chapters, but there are really easy and you can take then as many as you want until you get full credit. and there is just one final exam but not that hard if you write everything that he says in the review for the final. there are also 5 speeches.  TAKE HIM IF YOU HAVE TO TAKE COMM
3.5 : Thought I would loath public speaking, but Prof. Hodgson actually made the class interesting.  He is encouraging and genuinely wants to see you grow during the course.  He's a fair grader and gives helpful feedback.  If you have to take Comm100, take Hodgson!
5.0 : hi is really a helpful teacher you can get an easy A on this class . In this class there are no so much assignment , they are just about two in all semester. he really loves his students and he gives them a good grade, he do not like to give a bad grade to his students so just come to class and do your work and you will get an A
5.0 : He is awesome and reason I became a COMM major!
5.0 : Great class, but a lot of work for 100 level class. 4 speeches in class. If you are ready to work hard and spend a lot of time on composing your speeches - TAKE IT! only one final exam. Quizzes are easy online. Lot's of extra credits. The professor is very helpful.
4.5 : Professor Hodgson is an excellent overall teacher; he takes time to explain things, and creates a very comfortable environment in the classroom. Our class was a pilot study course which seemed as hard on him as it was on us trying to keep the requirements and expectations together. Tl;dr: Great professor, hard course.
3.5 : He is funny and awesome. He helps out alot and clears any problem you may have. He goes by the textbook.
3.5 : I thought I was going to dread public speaking, but professor J made it really worthwhile. The class is beyond easy and there's no reason you shouldn't receive a good grade, even if you aren't great at public speaking. If you just go up there try your best and do all the pointless busy work you'll do great. Prof J is extremely encouraging.
5.0 : Jeremy is a one of a kind professor. I regret that I only got to take his class for a summer semester. He is one of those people who make you comfortable in even the most uncomfortable of situations. Yes this class is a lot of work, but so worth it. I left class every day excited for the next, and energized to write and perform my speeches! 3
1.0 : Did not help you understand what made a good speech as opposed to a bad one. If you saw one bad grade already, don't expect to get help, because I know people who have had to take his class 2 times before passing it the 3rd time. Avoid!
5.0 : He really cares what he's teaching about and you can feel it when he lectures. He helped me get over my fear of public speaking and a professor I will never forget.
4.0 : He takes the class really seriously. If you put effort into your speeches and practice them, it's a really easy class to do well in. He's really enthusiastic but sometimes, he's not exactly clear about his expectations. You have to buy the book cause you rip stuff out of it but you don't need it to do the online assignments cause they're SO easy
4.0 : Easy class for the most part. You only have four speeches and one exam at the end. Quizzes are online and therefore, open note. I did not even have to read the textbook, the quizzes are common sense. Hodgson's class is actually fun; we play a lot of games!
4.5 : Dr. Hodgson is awesome. Genuinely wants you to learn the material, and doesn't put harsh grading policies. His grading is very easy and comfortable. Most of the time, if you just do the assignment, he would give you a full mark. Very nice and approachable. Strongly recommend!!
5.0 : Very nice professor that's very clear on what he grades for and what he's looking for. Class speed tends to increase exponentially but it's doable.
5.0 : He is a great professor. Very passionate about public speaking! He cares about his students and is very understanding. The course itself is A LOT of work for a 100 level class, however that's not his fault as much as the department's. I really recomment him!!
5.0 : Such a sweet and helpful teacher. She will do everything she can to help you do well on your papers. Learned a lot from her class.
5.0 : Dr. Patrick is the sweetest professor ever! She's very helpful if you have questions about the assignments and is a fair grader. 4 major papers and 1 presentation, all straightforward. The mini assignments that go along with the papers are annoying but easy. ENGH 302 can be a dreadful class, but take Dr. Patrick.. she makes it manageable.
5.0 : I would like to recommend to take her class. She is responsible and cares about her students.
5.0 : Professor Patrick is a good professor who grades fairly.  She knows her stuff and teaches students the fundamentals of writing and research very well.  She only assigns four essays, all of which are mandatory, but are easy enough.  A lot of class time is allotted for working on essays.  Would take again.
5.0 : She is the best English teacher. If you want to learn English, writing, reading, and research then take ENG 302 with her. She is very helpful, patient, and very easy going. She makes you learn. The best English professor!!!
5.0 : Took her in Summer. Very friendly and helpful teacher. Gives great feedback on writing assignments with the option to redo. No tests, most of your grade is writing assignments. Nothing you need in the textbook that you can't find online more easily.
5.0 : Dr. Patrick is very kind, sweet, and tells you exactly what she is looking for from the class. She is soft spoken, so if you are prone to falling asleep, take her a little later in the day. Lets you rewrite one paper for a better grade. Take advantage of the peer revisions. I always dread English classes, but her course was surprisingly bearable!
5.0 : Professor Sondra is the sweetest lady she cares about your grade and helps you find jobs in your career field! Highly recommended.
5.0 : She makes you want to learn! Comprises worksheets that go along wit writing tasks so that you can easily have your refrences, citations, and material ready to write. Allows re-writes of fiirst 2 papers in order to get in the vibe of writing correctly. Overall, she wants you learn to write correctly for your own sake i the future real world.
5.0 : Best professor I have taken yet. Dr. Patrick is very experienced in her field, and she is also very knowledgable and well-researched about other subjects. She not only wants you to succeed in the class; she wants you to succeed in the real world. Assignments are reasonable and require significant research. But it's worth it. Take her if you can!
3.0 : She's okayish. There is a LOT of work. Her grading is very tough, she's nitpicky (ie, I would say utilize and she would cross it out, mark me down and write used is fine above it). There were 4  twelve page papers and 2-3 smaller assignments to go along with each paper. Pass unless you like busy work and long assignments. You sweat the small stuff.
5.0 : She's very caring and really wants you to succeed. She's a fair grader and allows you to revise the first two papers for a better grade. She's clear and gives amazing feedback. There are a total of 3 papers, a presentation and small assignments related to research for papers. I wish all professors at Mason were like her.
4.5 : Smart guy, wants us to understand the material and makes the exam not to hard. He's on our side if you know what I mean.
3.5 : Highly recommend! Easy Professor. Easy Grader.  He doesn't test you on everything he teaches, so show up to class because he'll tell you what will be on the exams. Tests are fairly easy. Easy A.
4.0 : My class was kind of early in the morning so we were basically dead, but Liz was a ball of energy. She and our PA Sabrina were really peppy and ready to get us up, but they understood. Liz was really kind and the assignments were pretty clear-cut and easy to get done, so no excuses. Lots of standing and moving around for this course. Liz was great!
5.0 : One of the best professors I had at GMU. He is very knowledgable about ECON and wants his students to succeed. I highly recommend taking the class with him.
4.5 : He's very knowledgeable about econ likes the subject a lot. Wants his students to do well- curves quizzes and exams and even gives extra credit for class participation. His quizzes and exams are all short answer but if you pay attention in class/ go over the notes or ppt you'll do fine. Good prof, it's pretty hard to not do well in his class.
4.0 : He's a really cool graduate student. All his quizzes and tests are short answer and he curves. Midterm and final were pretty easy because half the questions are from the quizzes. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Great professor, he's very knowledgeable, fair, and wants students to do well. Quizzes and exams are short answer but he usually curves them, and there are opportunities for extra credit. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Encourages independence and provides appropriate support when necessary.  Excellent feedback.
5.0 : She is HARD! But really, you didn't have a worthwhile 308 experience without her in my opinion. During my research paper, she used to send me detailed paragraphs telling me how I should improve. No other TA I have ever had puts in that type of effort! I became a much better writer as a result of her tutelage. Highly recommend her.
4.5 : my lab group always ask her questions and for help and she's always there She's an awesome lab professor!! Labs never take the full 3 hours   She makes things simple and short but very helpful
5.0 : Great BIOL 308 TA. Didn't make things harder than they needed to be, but made sure you were doing enough to learn what you needed to know.
5.0 : Olivia is awesome. She knows the lab is not as important as the lecture and teaches to help you do well in the lab. She's very fun to work with and good about telling you exactly what she wants on paper and homework assignments.
4.0 : BIOL311 is a tough course. Lab was a lot of work. People complain b/c they did not prep. C'mon. Syllabus is crystal clear about rules, reports and POP-quizes. You could print ppts b4 class and she gave good intros and helped you A LOT if you asked. It was my 2nd time taking this course and she was way better than other TAs. I thought she was great.
5.0 : Great lab professor, very helpful. Would recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Culbertson is by far one of the best professors I've had at Mason. Not only were her lectures very clear and helpful, they were interesting enough to make me want to be in class. The material choice for the class was also outstanding. If I could, I would take many more of her classes.
4.0 : Professor Minarik is a great lecturer. That said, the majority of his classes revolve around lectures and there's very little discussion in the classes. Take good notes because that will help you on the memos, midterm, and final and make sure to do all the readings. There are 4 memos and he's a tough, but fair grader.
5.0 : It is not mandatory to be in the class, but if you dont take good notes all his memos are based on the lecture. If you get his ideas than you are fine, just get the point and follow him. I think overall the class is very good, and personally for me was a good experience. I enjoyed the class.
4.5 : Greay guy, easy to get along with and understand. Goes off on pointless tangents quite often. Very clear grading criteria and very easy assignments. Do the extra credit you could potentially add 10% to your grade by doing them. Easiest A I ever got and I learned a lot.
5.0 : awesome professor. made me actually enjoy the class i was taking. TAKE HIM!!!!!!
4.5 : His grading policy and overall class expectations are extremely clear. His class is honest, engaging, and easy to follow. It's an easy A, but even if it wasn't I would still take his class.
4.5 : Easy but interesting class. If you pay attention in class, then an easy A. He talks alot about his life, but he relates it to the material. Took 18 credits this semester and this was the only class that did not take attendance but I always found myself attending the lectures. Would take him again, too bad he's leaving Mason as Ive heard.
5.0 : He's very entertaining. I can't stress that enough. He's very entertaining and the stories he tells about his life are really interesting. As long as you attend class, you really don't need to read the book. Easy A if you do the work. I learned a lot, too!
5.0 : Structure is Weekly Online quizzes, simple surveys, and Online Tests. This class is pretty easy as long as you do the readings and look at the powerpoints. Very interesting professor who talks a good deal about himself and life in general; does take up time but his conversations are interesting. - Really really recommend this prof
5.0 : TEACH MORE CLASSES. Yes the class is easy and Martin rambles and can be offensive... BUT I actually learned through his style of teaching. Quizzes/exams are open book but I found myself not needing to look at my notes/book because I already knew the answers... Instead of cramming and forgetting like all my other classes I retained most of his class
5.0 : Very good professor and also very funny! Class is quite easy because all assignments (10 surveys, 15 quizzes and 5 tests) are all online, open-notes on blackboard. I definitely recommend buying the book because it helps with the online work. He also offers extra credit!
4.5 : Great guy, great sense of humor, just horribly boring class material. Not his fault and he tries to spice it up. He doesn't care if you miss class. By the end of the semester only about 15 kids showed up each week. He puts the entire class on BB so you can go through it at your own pace. Super easy A and he tells really interesting stories!
3.0 : Stopped going to class towards the end of the semester. Lectures are not necessary to attend for online quizzes, exams, or surveys. Answers are mostly on quizlets. Easy A and he's absolutely hilarious. I'd recommend getting the textbook but it definitely isn't essential to passing.
4.0 : Buy the book, youll use it for quizzes and exams, ALL quizzestestpower points are on BB, everything is open note, show up because attendance matters, funny, helpful, knows the material really well, youll have to write 2 short 2 page papers, gives extra credit opportunities, no reason to not receive an A.
5.0 : So cute and funny. Class was super organized on BB which I really appreciated. He's hilarious and class is great. Definitely take Koen if you can!!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Prof Koen tells very interesting stories.  Attendance is not mandatory, and it's a lecture class, but the room is ALWAYS filled up.  It's that entertaining!  There are 10 surveys worth 20%, 15 quizzes worth 30%, and 5 exams worth 50%... ALL can be completed on Blackboard. AND extra credits.. What more can you ask for?
4.0 : Prof. Martin is hilarious! Quizzes and exams are all online, super easy &amp; you could finish the class in a couple of weeks. His lectures are very amusing, he often goes on tangents but they're sometimes relevant. He'll try to get students to debate because he wants people to think critically. He's laid back and loves what he does! TAKE HIM!
5.0 : AMAZING! everything was online and could work ahead, which helped with my course load! TAKE HIM ASAP!!!!!!
5.0 : Martin is probably the best professor I've had at Mason. He basically told us that we didn't have to come to class to pass, but I ended up going anyway because he's such an interesting professor! He goes off on tangents most of the time, but they're awesome! And, all his assignments are through Blackboard.
2.0 : No idea what all the hype is about. He barely teaches since he only uses 1/3 of class time, doesn't grade weekly assignments until a month+ later, has guest speakers do most of his teaching, and has a somewhat confusing group project. Overall he seems barely interested in teaching students and engaging with their work. Just seems like a stint.
5.0 : Great prof! Relevant info, interesting projects and tons of stories that come from his own experiences. I learned a lot. He's really dedicated to our success and does a great job preparing. Gives informative study guides and fun group project. There are readings but they're really helpful. Must take!
5.0 : Good prof and class.  His real experience and guest speakers are great.  The work and exams are easy, show up, do the work, and get an A.  Group proj is  actually interesting and not hard.  He's very approachable and cares about students succeeding and is willing to help with internships and getting hired.  Learned a lot. Great class, take him.
5.0 : Prof Edmunds is just delicious. He wears under armour polos like they were made for him :) Wish he taught everyday classes so I could ogle him more often ;) Great professor, interesting material, group project, 2 tests (go to class for the study guide! extremely helpful), and 10 chapter summaries. Not a painful class, highly recommend him. YUM!
5.0 : Professor Edmunds is one of the best professors I have had at Mason. His lectures are informal. The atmosphere is fun and easy going but that makes learning the material easier. Guest speakers are great. EASY exams because his study guides are very detailed. 1 group project but the topics are fun! And he's very nice to look at.
4.5 : Professor Edmunds is a very good professor.  Enjoyed his lectures and guest speakers.  Go to class, and do the work and you will be just fine.  Would take him again.
4.5 : He. Rocks. Period.
5.0 : If professor Edmunds taught all CRIM classes, I would take them with him. I really enjoy looking at him for 3 hours and wish I can eat him. He is very YUM. Other than that show up, do the work, and read the book. Yes, the book is required to complete assignments and engage in the class discussion. He is very knowledgeable has interesting stories.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable professor. Brings real world experience into the classroom. Great lectures and guest lectures. Does assign homework every week but it is very easy just put some effort. Gives a group project and two exams. Very approachable and wants to see students succeed. You won't regret taking this dude.
4.0 : This class is no joke! Professor has strict rules on cell phone usage and tardiness but does allow laptops. 1 of the best classes I have taken. Professor is willing to help, he constantly asks if anyone has questions. He is also funny,but this class is not for SLACKERS!My only issue was the quizzes(lot of reading,random questions) Great Professor.
4.0 : Very strict on cell phone usage and tardiness, but very,very engaging in class, the class is honestly hard but it is worth all the work, I learned so much! I highly recommend reading and participating in class. He is super willing to help, asks if anyone has a question on anything before every class, and stays after class for question!Fantastic
5.0 : Professor Butt is brilliant! He's studied and worked with the biggest names in IR and it definitely shows. I can honestly say this is the first time I have felt challenged by a course at George Mason. He has high expectations and if you put in the work you will get so much out of this course! He's always open to help, so just ask!
5.0 : Loved every sec of his class. If you have the opportunity to take his class, TAKE IT! He is brilliant! He might seem intimidating but don't let that interfere with your participation. He knows what he is talking about and is amazing at teaching it. Also, he is very helpful. Everyone that gave him a bad review is probably lazy and didn't put effort.
5.0 : Intimidating at first. Great, passionate professor about international politics. Very knowledgable and crazy sarcastic. This is  theory class so it may seem difficult at first but it gets more interesting as the semester goes. Take mr. Butt you won't regret it!
5.0 : Wonderful professor, my second graduate class so pretty intimidated at first, but he really helped hash out the readings. Wish I had more help on the research paper however, regardless he is awesome and funny!
5.0 : Very sarcastic and amusing, however, you have two short papers, one lit review, and 10 quizzes (drops the lowest 2). Participation is around 20% of your grade so I recommend going to his or the TA's office hours. The TA is the one who grades everything. He may seem intimidating, he is very nice. Read throughly thru the readings for the quiz dates.
5.0 : This was a wonderful class and I loved every minute of it. Professor Butt is brilliant, helpful, and very engaging. Anyone who is interesting in studying international relations should certainly take the class.
5.0 : Really, really amazing class! There is quite a bit of reading and quizzes, but his amazing lectures make up for it. 100% worth it to take his class because you will enjoy going to it! The TA does the grading and mine was a very fair grader; as long as you do the work and go to class, it is completely possible to get an A
4.5 : Really great and clear; obviously wants his students to learn.  Loves questions and doesn't want to not pass you; will help you but expects you to pull your wait also.
3.0 : BEWARE!!! This class is demonic. Professor Butt is a very smart man, but he's also very condescending and intimidating. He also gives you absolutely no instruction for the final paper, so you're pretty much winging it. AND, his quizzes are the hardest things I've ever had to do at Mason (you will fail them all, so don't bother trying). BEWARE!!!
1.0 : Single handedly the worst government teacher I have ever had. I worked my butt off in his class, did all the readings, studied for hours and still managed to do poorly. He is never available for office hours, has no respect for his students and when he is available he couldn't help because he doesn't do any of the grading.
5.0 : Professor Butt is absolutely brilliant, and so far he is the best lecturer I've had at GMU. However, he is a tough grader, so don't expect an easy A. There are 10 quizzes in class (drops lowest 2), two short papers and one literature review (1500 words) due by the end of the class. If you are interested in IR, I highly recommend taking him.
5.0 : Very clear about expectations of students, which is helpful throughout the semester. Definitely do the reading as there are nine quizzes and two papers centered around it. He encourages class discussion and is good at keeping his own bias out of things. He may seem intimidating but don't worry he's very fair and inclusive. Final is a research paper
3.0 : Learned a ton but was very difficult.  You have to have a ton of time to put 3x the effort to get an A. Don't take this class if you are trying to maintain a 4.0 and are involved in activities. Do take it to learn. I got an A but it was extremely stressful and I had to put in 200% to get 100% effort reflected.
5.0 : Professor Butt does not grade anything, his TA does. So when you have questions, go to the TAs office hours, not his. Roughly a quiz a week, so focus on the readings for the quiz, skim the others - it makes the reading manageable. Participation matters if you want an A, he WILL remember your name. 2 short papers and 1 lit review. Take him!
5.0 : I'm glad I didn't need the book for this class. The exams are so freaking easy. It's all common sense. She doesn't post the lectures, so if you want an A, you need to keep up. She takes attendance and you will lose points for no shows.  Country quiz is easy and keep an open dialog discussions w/o extreme left/right positions.
5.0 : I ADORED CAROLINE. She's young, but incredibly intelligent, balanced, interesting. She's incredibly approachable and made you feel like you were her friend. She clearly is very liberal (who in the cultural studies department isn't??) but she's super balanced and respects and accepts all opinions. She's a very neat woman.
4.5 : Professor West was extremely nice, relatable and funny. However, the class was basically going over the readings the entire time. She tried to explain the research proposal project but wasn't as specific in her explanations as she expected when she graded... so I just felt she expected more. But overall the class wasn't bad.
4.0 : Lectures are pretty much just a summary of the readings.  She's very approachable and nice.  The expectations of the final proposal and presentation were not clear but when asked she tried to provide some clarity although it didn't help.  She offers a lot of extra credit! Grade attendance, midterm, final proposal, weekly blogs, and a reflection.
5.0 : Super nice. A fair amount of reading, but the lectures cover the reading material fairly well. Pay attention to every detail, when you have to write something up for a discussion or assessment you'll need to really know the lecture material. Great professor.
4.0 : I found this class really boring due to the subject matter but Prof West is really nice. She always tries to engage with the class through discussion and makes everyone feel like their answers are correct and interesting. She reviews homework readings the next class which is good since no one reads them. She is always offering help if its needed.
5.0 : Dr. Kirsch has a lot of experience with trauma work and uses that to give great examples during lectures. She is a bit soft-spoken, so it's best to sit close to the front, but she is very compassionate and clearly cares about her students. She uses a mix of videos, powerpoints, and discussions, and had interesting assignments. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Dr. Kirsch is amazing! I would take her class again and again. I learned so much about trauma. On a more personal level, this class changed the way I view myself, the world, and trauma.
5.0 : Interesting course to begin with, but the way she teaches the course makes it that much better. She makes powerpoints &amp; all you have to do is take notes and study those for exams (she gives study guides). She's the sweetest professor I've had so far, and one who actually loves her field. There are in class activities which count for participation.
2.0 : If you like having quizzes every class on 10-20+ page readings, getting frustrated when the page of notes you can use during them doesn't help, and getting Cs on reflection papers even though you've answered all the questions that were asked of you to answer only to find out she wanted more in her comments on it, this is the professor for you!
5.0 : she  is mindblowing i love her attitude she is awesome
5.0 : AWESOME
5.0 : she is awesome
5.0 : One of the BEST math professors at GMU. I took him after failing with another professor and noticed such a huge difference. He really knows how to teach and explain stuff. Calculus is really tough but Elie will really help you get through it. Amazing professor!
5.0 : He's an excellent professor! I'm probably the only asian who sucks at math, and that being so I managed to ace his class (with a lot of hard work). To pass his class attend lectures and take clear notes, listen to his clear explanations, and study for the exams. Oh and DO the practice problems that he recommends.
5.0 : He teaches with passion! He wants you to understand the material and does a great job explaining it. I highly  recommend him, just attend class and do the assigned exercises and you will pass. He is funny as well!!!
5.0 : EASY A and FUNNY! ONE OF THE GREATEST PROFESSORS AT GMU!
5.0 : Great teacher!  Made topics clear and understandable.
5.0 : He is a great professor, one of the best at GMU. All you need to do is follow his explanation in the classroom and practice some of the assigned problems. He is always willing to help when you need it. Also, the sessions are not boring and he makes them bearable. In general, I would recommend him big time!
5.0 : BEST math professor ever!! I am NOT a math person and he made me enjoy it! I took his 5-week Precalc class and its a ton of material, but with his explanations and detailed in-class practice problems I scored the highest ever on an my first two exams (96 and 90)!! Seriously, LOVE this guy! Wish I could take him for Calc; its all i need to graduate.
5.0 : I took this class over the summer without using the textbook at all, and yet I passed the class with an A. Not only does he provide us with thorough notes, but he also provides practice problems for us to work on during class. Yes, calc is destined to be difficult, so you have to put in some effort. Highly recommended, funny guy too.
5.0 : It was clear since day one that this teacher is amazing! He explained the material with passion and always made it sound simple and accessible. He was funny in class, which made the summer session bearable. I would recommend him for any math class at GMU.
5.0 : This man definitely knows how to engage students! Calculus is hard but Elie made it the least painful possible. I enjoyed his lectures as well as his humor in class. He has a fun personality and he is a knowledgeable guy. I would totally recommend taking any class with him.
5.0 : Great professor! I am an average student in math and I was surprisingly understanding the material in class. He teaches with passion and makes sure everyone in class follows him. A lot of respect for such dedication, I recommend him for any math class at GMU.
5.0 : Elie is a great professor. He spends a lot of time in the class explaining the material. It is very hard to leave the room without understanding, even if you try!
5.0 : Math 113 is hard. Elie knows it, and is willing to help.  This was my third time taking this course and I learned more than the first two combined. GMU should be proud to have him as a professor. 4 tests + final, lowest dropped, no HW. I recommend him with the highest regard. Elie rocks Mason, give him a raise and fire all other 113 profs.
5.0 : Pretty good Professor, and very knowledgeable.
5.0 : I loved his class and him as a professor.
5.0 : Elie is a great teacher. He is very patient and goes through the material in a very clear way. He gives fair tests and fairly grades them. He makes the lectures very pleasant with his sense of humour. I would totally recommend him!!!
4.5 : The lectures consisted of going over the exercises and examples that were in the textbook which was helpful for me, but some people did not find it as helpful. The professor is very friendly, and is more than happy answer questions and go over some hw problems in class that were problematic.
2.0 : Not the greatest math professor. Often found herself asking students to solve the problems for her and struggling to understand the material herself. Just read the book, do the online hw's, and pass her fairly easy tests and you'll be okay.
5.0 : I am terrible at math. This professor made the class soooo easy for me. I understood EVERYTHING!!! She makes the most complicated things easy as pie! If math is not your strong suit, take her. She is so sincere and nice. I really miss her and this class!
4.0 : Professor Calderon is a very nice person. She is able to break the content down so others can understand it but sometimes loses herself while in the middle of lectures and doubts herself. I don't think I would take the class again because I HATE MATH but overall, she is a solid choice.
3.0 : if you've taken precal before this class will be a breeze. her tests are easy, however they're usually about 30 questions so if you do mess up, your grade per test will fall significantly. she's an overall very nice professor. if you miss a class do the math labs. also tests are straight from the book test review so def look over those before tests
5.0 : She's a very sweet professor. She enjoys talking to the class and enjoys sharing stories about her life. Sure, it is a math class, but it's always nice to have a professor who is bright and trying to make the students' day better. She knows her stuff and takes her time making sure that everyone understands the material. Great professor.
4.0 : Professor Calderon is very sweet! She really cares about her students and class. Math is not my strong suit and I was often confused by her teaching because she doubts herself sometimes. Homework every week but it is very helpful if you didn't understand the material during class. She allows a notecard for each test except for the final; 4 tests.
5.0 : Great Professor.  He said in class he wants every student to succeed.  He practice what he preaches; he was accessible and helpful when I needed.  He has an amazing way to keep the class engaged.  We never had a dull discussion.  The entire class seem to be having fun and we learned a lot.  I wish I had taken his other classes as well.
5.0 : Coolest. Professor. EVER. He's hilarious and loves to have fun discussions with the class. He's a tough grader - but very fair. Seriously the most chill dude ever - I didn't catch that I had an F-bomb in one of my papers (thanks, autocorrect) and he literally commented "Hahaha!" on the document when he graded it. TAKE HIS CLASS! So much fun!!!
4.5 : I took Professor Groening's ENGH 202 course back in the fall of 2013 I do regret not entering this sooner. He is an incredibly friendly, intelligent, and hilarious professor. He really knows his stuff about English and media studies. All around great guy. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5.0 : This class is a gen ed that some professors make really boring, but professor cox made this class actually interesting! He kept the class engaged and it helped because sometimes the exams can be a little difficult!
5.0 : Mickey is the man. Comm is a very boring subject and he does the best job possible to keep it interesting. Funny guy, relates to students well, fair grading.
5.0 : Really chill and helpful, almost made me consider changing my major to Comm
5.0 : Really helpful and understanding. Very easy class.
4.5 : I really liked Professor Seward, he made the class fun and interesting and I never once felt lost throughout the course of the class. I also found his feedback incredible helpful and he was the most relate-able professor I had first semester freshman year. I would definitely recommend his class.
1.5 : He is a nice guy and relatable but he expects way too much for a 100 level class. The class is supposed to be a basic composition class and be very straight forward. While his basic syllabus expectations were clear he ran the class as a creative writing class and it was of no help to my writing process or grade.
4.5 : He was actually very helpful in the beginning. He expects way too much though and will report ANY suspected plagiarism without warning. Very scary experience in his class. Seems like a cool guy though. Just would like to warn people.
1.0 : Typical adjunct at GMU. Thinks she is gods greatest gift. She knows nothing about PR and doesn't care to get to know new students. Assignments are easy, basically kindergarten work. She favors certain students and treats everyone else like scum. This woman is not professional and not approachable. Not sure why she has good reviews, she is terrible.
2.0 : If you are looking for an "easy A" &amp; can deal with a professor with attitude, take her. Took this class last semester &amp; I could not wait to until it was over. Mims is rude and unprofessional.
5.0 : I'm COMM major I've taken Professor Mims 3 times (303, 330, 391). She's the most helpful, approachable, and insightful Professor I've ever had. The work, quizzes, and tests are actually applicable material that you WILL use if you decide to take a role in PRCOMM. Put in the effort &amp; really apply the feedback she gives, as she has a lot to offer!
5.0 : Amazing professor, easily my favourite class this semester. She genuinely cares about all her students and is accessible for questions. The projects and assignments are also a lot of fun.
1.0 : Worst Professor I have had at Mason to date.  The world revolves around her and only her.  She is beyond rude and I would not take another class with her if someone paid me.
5.0 : Mims is incredibly talented and has tremendous experience within the world of PR. She provides students with all of the resources and materials that they can use to succeed in her course and in the future. Absolutely a fantastic class, one of my favorite professors. She really prepares you for the real world! Would DEFINITELY take her again!
4.5 : Mims has been one of the greatest professors I have had at Mason. She motivates her students to do their best and answers any questions you have. She is easy to talk to and is very understanding. She really prepares her students for the real world and is very helpful! It's hard work but definitely worth it! I highly recommend taking her class!
4.5 : Honestly so confused about the bad ratings below from people that were in the same exact class as me. Mims is amazing and she knows her stuff. If you want to learn a lot and become better fit for the PR world-this class is great. It's not an easy A and you definitely have to work for it, but she makes the work fun and she's super helpful!
5.0 : Mims is one of the greatest COMM professors! Everything you do in this class serves a purpose (no bust work!) She isn't an easy grader, but she is a fair grader. The class consists mainly of a large portfolio assignment, which can be used for job interviews in the future! All in all, if you're a PR concentration, you need to take a class with Mims!
5.0 : most amazing and influential professor at GMU. genuinely cares for her students. everything I know is because of Mims. She is so passionate about PR and it is evident by her lectures and compassion for students. I took 3 of her courses I enjoyed her so much. DEFINITELY recommend!
3.0 : course material was decent but the lectures were redundant and read off the powerpoint. a lot of team work and brainstorming. grading was a tad confusing. overall, if you need this class just take it. not all college classes are perfect, this was one was o.k.
5.0 : Mims is an awesome professor and really cares about her students. She took the time to meet with me near the end of the semester to overlook my project. She gave me advice about grad school as well! She also dresses really well!
1.5 : Mims is very organized, &amp; her assignments serve a purpose that are helpful if you're interested in the world of PR. However, her bedside manner was not the best, she tends to be "cliquey" with former students and rude. The honest truth is that her class is fairly easy if you are organized &amp; are an experienced writer. Try to stay on her good side.
1.5 : Do not take this professor. I took part and participated well in an in class assignment by suggesting strategies as expected, and she gave me a 0. She black listed me. Stay away from her.
5.0 : Prof. Brandhorst is literally one of the best teachers I've ever had. He's very kind, he wants students to do well, he's passionate and knowledgeable about the subject, he always answers emails quickly, and he makes time to help you if you need it. All of the grades are essays, so if you're not a strong writer you won't do as well in this class.
5.0 : First off, you should take this class. Dr. Brandhorst is an amazing teacher and he turns what can sometimes be a dry topic into something that is genuinely interesting. There are 5 papers and a final exam. Attendance is mandatory but you could not write his papers without the lectures. There is also no textbook, you just have to print out readings.
5.0 : Very intelligent, articulate, and funny. Clearly passionate about what he's talking about and will spend time with you if you have difficulty grasping the concepts. Be warned, the Class includes heavy reading and writing, but if you have any interest in philosophy I'd highly recommend taking the class.
4.0 : This is not a class you can show up to and just listen. In order to do well and pass you must read, take notes, and ask questions. This class is very interactive. It is very discussion oriented. He will challenge you on what you think about a particular work of art not because he thinks you are wrong but because he wants to get you thinking.
5.0 : Awesome! His lectures are amusing, and you should pay attention.  I recommend always going to class. I honestly didn't read any of the books but got a good grade just by going to the lectures and taking notes. He's an excellent teacher, I would take this class again
5.0 : Kurt is one of the best professors I've had. He's always there to help and takes the time to do so efficiently--he really wants you to understand. It's a class that he talks a lot in and there is some discussion among the class but he finds ways to keep it interesting. A strict grader, yes, but absolutely fair. You have to work for your grade.
5.0 : Prof. Brandhorst is very caring and funny, he gives good lectures and expects you to come to class. Though participation isn't a grade you lose points for skipping. He is a very generous grader and he also assigns short papers (2-3 pages). He makes time for his students and is always there if you need him, definitely recommend!
3.0 : Really smart guy but tough. Class is entirely lecture and paper based. No required textbooks, you just have to print out readings. PAY ATTENTION AND TAKE GOOD NOTES because when you have to write a paper you'll have no idea wtf you're doing. Final is really long and hard but he gives you time to prepare.
5.0 : I love Kurt!! 3
4.0 : Very funny and interesting- I walked away from his class feeling like I learned a lot, and he was a really fair grader. Super important to go to class though- the assigned papers are based on what he says in lecture, so if you miss class at the wrong time 10% of your grade is virtually gone, because you'll never understand the readings alone.
5.0 : He is a tough grader and wants to bring the best out of you. You will be writing papers every other week and will be expected to read. I honestly didn't read that much in his class, but took really good notes. He's tough but not impossible
5.0 : Really great. Really hard. If I had to go back, I dont know if I would because he is very difficult and I spent alot of time on papers I expected a lot more out of.
4.5 : This does NOT feel like a 200 level course.  This material is very challenging and the numerous response papers are tough to write simply because of the material.  Very tough grader, but readily available by email or office hours.
5.0 : Dr. Brandhorst is the most innovative speaker I have ever met. My mind has completely opened and exploded in thousands of directions while taking his classes. I look forward to each and every class. A lot of work is required from students, but the work is reasonable considering the fact that he guides you towards the answers. Well worth the work!
5.0 : I haven't completed the course yet but I wanted to say Dr. Brandhorst is the best college level teacher I've ever had-he is incredible fascinating, open-minded, maybe even a genius.  I hit the red pepper because his mind is beautiful.  Yes, be prepared to write, take notes, ask questions, engage.
1.0 : If you want to pass this class dont take him. Papers for him are a pain in the ass and he always thinks people are plagerizing when everyone in the class is using the same text and the same readings he gives us for citations.
5.0 : Very funny guy with a clear passion for teaching the course. Makes you work for the grade but at the same time doesn't feel like an overly harsh grader. Readings sometimes long, but interesting lectures helped comprehension. Short paper usually due every couple weeks, a few big papers, gives very detailed feedback. Definitely recommend.
2.5 : His class is definitely tough. You have to go to class or you won't understand anything when it comes time to write papers. His class is interesting, but confusing at times.
5.0 : I definitely recommend this professor!
4.5 : Prof. Brandhorst is an extremely nice professor. While the class itself was slightly dull, Brandhorst was able to keep my attention for the whole hour and 15 minutes. There are a handful of short, several page papers throughout the semester, with the Final being replaced by a 7-10 page paper. Pay attention, and you'll get the grade you deserve.
5.0 : Brandhorst makes learning about philosophy fun! His sense of humor is really dry and hilarious. I walked away from the class feeling like I really learned a lot. There are 5 papers and a final exam (no midterm). He gets a gold star for his detailed feedback on papers. I would highly recommend Professor Brandhorst, you will not regret taking him!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Brandhorst is one of the best professors I have ever had the pleasure of taking. His essay prompts are very difficult, and he is the kind of guy that can make you confused with a single sentence. You have to do the readings, and show up to class if you want to do well. This being said, his lectures are awesome, and his feedback is helpful.
4.5 : The readings were long, the essays were arduous, but his lectures were absolutely brilliant. I enjoyed his class immensely and would definitely recommend it. You'll do fine if you keep up with the readings and take good notes in class.
2.0 : This was an intro philosophy class. I went in expecting to be encouraged to ask questions and think. Instead, when i asked questions, Prof Brandhorst asked "why do you want to know". Half of this class was feminist theory, which while interesting isn't really what i was looking for in Phil 100. Mostly a waste of time.
2.0 : Slightly below-average professor that I give a generously average rating. He makes attendance mandatory, but only reads off his slides and does no real "teaching". He's also unclear on a lot of things. Tests were moderately easy without studying too hard, so there's that. While he's not the worst professor at GMU he is certainly not the best.
4.5 : Max is a GREAT professor. The people that are complaining are worthless students who do not want to work for a college education. He makes class interesting, brings in various methods for learning, and is interested in his students learning and succeeding. Tests were not curved but you could drop one and there were many extra credit opportunities.
4.5 : Max is a great professor.  He spends time making students understand material and brings different teaching mediums into class (radiolab, movies, jeopardy). Final is mandatory but 1 out of 3 tests is dropped. Class is fun and interesting. You can tell that he is passionate about science and it makes students excited and ready to learn.
4.5 : Class is fun and interesting. You can tell that he is passionate about science and it makes students excited and ready to learn. Great professor
5.0 : Difficult but fair professor. can drop 1 test grade, final was mandatory. Fun teaching style.
4.5 : Wonderful instructor. Funny, kind, and helpful. Attend class, study notes and ppt and you should be ok. TAKE HIS CLASS
4.5 : Wonderful instructor. Funny, understanding and helpful. Attend class, study notes and ppt and you should be ok. TAKE HIS CLASS
4.0 : Hes a great teacher! We went over a chapter each class and ppts were posted. He tries his best to make the material understandable for his students which i admire. Theres three tests (1 gets dropped) a paper, and a final. All were somewhat easy if you put EFFORT into it. Also provided extra credit opportunities which help a lot take him if you can!
2.5 : good professor..just hated that he doesn't respond to emails
5.0 : Max is awesome! He's a really great professor who knows his stuff. He incorporates stories from his personal life to help students understand the material better. I love his teaching style. He gives three tests (one gets dropped), a final, and a paper. It's very easy as long as you put in the effort!
5.0 : One of the best professors at Mason!
5.0 : Great teacher
3.0 : He is an okay professor not the easiest but not the hardest. His exam question can be do broad and you could use all his notes given to answer and he would still mark some points off it don't matter what you do. But he gave extra points on quizzes during the end of the semester.
5.0 : Great class, learned a lot about leadership and my own leadership skills
5.0 : Professor Owen is the bubbliest professor you'll ever meet. She gives a lot of considerations on the paperworks and provides feedback from time to time.
4.5 : She is a wonderful teacher, but I would highly recommend not taking her if you are taking a heavy courseload or have difficulty with completing homework. The amount of work prevented me from studying for many of my other classes, and it was overwhelming. Never skip, and do not be late.
5.0 : THE BEST! I want her to teach all of my classes.  ALL TEACHERS NEED TO TEACH LIKE THIS. Very helpful, replies fast to e-mails, great mood and can make boring into fun. TAKE HER IF YOU HAVE THE CHANCE! Do your work and you will get an A.
5.0 : Julie Owen is one of the BEST professors at Mason. If you have the opportunity to take any of her classes, DO IT! Having Julie changed my life and I plan on taking another one of her classes in the future. There was a lot of work in this course, but I learned so much and she is lenient on deadlines
5.0 : Very sweet but still well-respected. She encourages class discussion and is very inclusive of all sorts of opinions. Lots of hands-on activities that help put a real-life spin on the lessons. She is extremely experienced in her field and can tell you all about the research she's done. Don't take advantage of her kindness. I'd like to TA for her.
5.0 : Julie is an AMAZING professor! I enjoyed her class. It was my favorite class this semester. She is bubbly and always full of energy. Very kind, understanding and passionate, something not found in many professors. A lot of reading materials but you can get by without reading most. Not a lot of homework. No quizzes and a short paper for the final.
3.5 : GO TO CLASS! Even the class after the exams. The SECOND YOU GET THE STUDY GUIDE, DO IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN.  If you need help just email her or/and the LA's. Get the material stuck in your head. Its those stupid little mistakes. Third Exam Hardest MAKE SURE YOU STUDY AND DO THE HOMEWORK. You will be fine. AND ALSO ATTEND RECITATION
5.0 : One of the greatest people I've ever met. Her interactive classroom was helpful and she is always willing to help with homework. She's accessible in her office and her review session are exactly what you need to pass the tests. Nelson will pull very similar questions from those review sheets. Homework isn't hard, just don't do it late.
5.0 : Professor Nelson is AMAZING!! I had her last semester.  I was not looking forward to taking a year long math class, but Prof Nelson made it okay. She truly cares about all of her students and she wants you to succeed. She provides oral review sessions before every test, which are extremely helpful. She's wonderful. Take her class!!!!!
4.5 : This was my second semester in a row with Prof Nelson, and I still love her! I would recommend her to anyone. Not only that, but we all love her so much that we're trying to convince her to teach calc 2 next semester. I'm considering rearranging my entire schedule just to have her, and she's completely worth it.
5.0 : Ms. Nelson is the best math teacher you'll ever have! She's really nice, and really wants to help you pass. I went to a lot of her office hours, and she worked around my schedule and created other office hours for me. Take her, you won't regret it!
1.0 : Worst professor ever. I emailed her 7 times, never replied back. In class she would say "I saw it, but didn't have time to respond". Calls out on people. Sighs every time the class doesn't get the problems right. Always makes mistakes and has to do problems all over again making people confused. Not clear at all on hw and online assignments.
3.0 : Calculus II is not an easy course, so it was going to be tough regardless. Prof. Nelson cares about all of her students, but you have to attend her office hours to establish a relationship with her. She is passionate about math education, and will help you if you ask for it. Her lectures can be scattered and confusing. Amazing human being, though.
4.5 : I took Dr. Nelson for Calculus 1 and Honors Calculus II and she truly was amazing. She goes over many types of problems, never uses a powerpoint and always has office hours. Tests mirror the reviews and make sure you go to her oral review sessions as she pretty much tells you what is on the test. She is very nice and a sweet person. TAKE HER!
5.0 : One of the best professors at Mason, a true hidden gem. Calc 2 material is hard enough on its own. She not only made it bearable, but rather enjoyable. Clear, concise lectures, does not teach unnecessary material that other teachers do. ALWAYS accessible outside of class, very caring for students, and flexible as well. ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL. 10/10.
2.0 : She did not help me in any way at all. I would try contacting her through email and she would literally not respond to any of my emails. Went to her during office hours, was not helpful at all but was very mean and rude. She tried making her class easier but as a person she is not nice at all. She seemed annoyed most of the time.
5.0 : You must attend lectures because she will not post anything that is covered in class. If you miss the class, it's your responsibility to catch up by yourself. Also, she gives quizzes regularly which are easy A's. Whether you succeed or not depends on your participation in class and the completion your homework.
4.0 : Calculus II is a very difficult class, but Professor Nelson makes it easier. She truly cares about her students. She has office hours almost everyday and has oral reviews before tests that are basically questions from the exam. She also gives out study guides that are very similar to her exams. As long as you show up and study, you'll be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Nelson's teaching skills are so exceptionally clear. If you pay attention in class and do your homework, there's no way you won't do well in her class. She's an excellent professor and she cares for her students too. The only thing I didn't like about her was that she was strident, but not a big deal since she's a good person overall.
5.0 : Wow. Kindest woman at this University. And very intelligent! She will help you when you don't even ask for it; she knows who needs extra attention and truly cares about their grade. I was awful in math my whole life. I don't think I'll ever have a great of a professor as her again. Grading is fair, gives partial credit.
5.0 : Dear Readers of my Post:  This professor exceeds human capabilities of imagination of what you may think would exist in your typical class' trajectory, meaning that the circumstantial benefit of the amount of normal distribution does in fact let one have a quite meaningful contortion of your experience. Calculus Two and its debaucheries may be yes
5.0 : You can't find a more excellent math teacher. I don't know how she could be any clearer or make it any easier for the students. She's very nice and gives tons of review material so you're as prepared as possible for the exams. Like I said, I can't think of any way to improve the class -its just really good. Take her if at all possible!!
2.0 : Graded ridiculously hard. Was not very fair and had her "favorites" in class. Attendance was not "mandatory" but she gave random graded quizzes. 20-30 online homework questions due and posted at random intervals (sometimes the day before or even the day they were due). Can only explain things one way, so if you don't get it, you're not going to.
5.0 : Dr. Nelson is amazing! Her lecturing style is very clear and concise, a lot of examples and she walks through them if you need more clarification. There are no 'tricks' on her tests, whatever is on the review sheet will show up on the test. She is always there to help, even outside of office hours!
5.0 : Dr. Nelson is the best professor! She explains very well and makes sure everyone who puts effort pass. Definitely recommend. She gets easily annoyed, but everything else is fine.
5.0 : OMG Nelson was the bombdiggity! She was so helpful when it came to learning how to do the different equations. She sits down with you and works through the problems with you and does not make you feel like you are stupid. I love Nelson! Take her!
5.0 : FANTASTIC teacher, prof. nelson really explains everything well and makes sure everyone knows what they're doing as she goes along. Great at making sure students learn what they need to and are prepared. Honestly one of the best math teachers I've ever had.
3.5 : If you've taken calc before or have prior experience with topics covered in this class, either be prepared to forget everything you've ever learned or take a different professor.  CONS: Tons of online hw, long lectures with random quizzes, and makes u solve problems HER (long) way PROS: Does many examples in class, tests are identical to review
5.0 : Professor Nelson is an unbelievable teacher. She is not only extremely clear and engaging but also cares deeply about making sure each student understands the material. The tests are straight from the review sheets given in class. Attend her oral review sessions, they are also extremely helpful for the tests. Amazing person and professor.
5.0 : I do not like her personality because she is a little bit strident but an excellent professor. She does not post anything in the blackboard and you are responsible to come to class to take notes and learn. She will give you review sheets before exams which are super helpful and are in almost the same format as exams. Take her.
5.0 : The best math teacher ever she really cares about students and really want you to learn the materials, she really prepare you for the tests. Some math courses are extremely difficult but she makes it easy.
5.0 : took her 8:30 am class, totally worth it. Best math professor, cares about students, takes time to help you, class discussion filled with student involvement, extra review orals offered. Tests are the usual and her study guides mirror tests. She is also one to understand students, brought candy to help relieve stress, all the students love her.
5.0 : She is the best math teacher I've ever had. She really cares for her students and wants everyone to pass. Do not skip class because she gives pop quizzes (easy grade) and she doesn't post anything on blackboard. She also gives study guides for exams, which are really similar to the actual exam. GREAT PROFESSOR!!
5.0 : One of the best Math Professors I've ever had. She cares about each individual person in the class and wants everyone to do well. Takes time out of her personal life to hold review sessions for exams and creates study guides which are almost exactly like the exam. The material is really hard, but Dr. Nelson made this class easy.
5.0 : She was one of the best Calculus professor at Mason! She gives extra credit on tests, she gives you review sheets for tests, and she actually cares about her students.   During her lectures, she usually asks the class if they understood, and if they don't she would explain the material more in depth! I would totally recommend her
4.0 : She cares about all of her students and wants them all do well.  The reviews she has on campus before the exam REALLY helped with understanding the material because she goes through each person's problems and pinpoints what they did wrong, and the questions are similar to the exam. The material is challenging, but Dr. Nelson makes it easier.
5.0 : She's a model instructor. Her commitment to her students is unparalleled. She is amazing, but that doesn't mean you won't have to work hard to do well. Her lectures are critical. Exam ?'s come from problems she's worked &amp; has allowed you to work in class. Correct every single mistake you make along the way. Do the reviews as soon as you get them.
5.0 : Brilliant. This professor is a Calculus gem; if she's an option, take her. She made this class the least of my worries this semester which helped alleviate the stress from other courses. The tests are easy as long as you study (Go to the review sessions!) and there's no need to simplify answers.
5.0 : Loved her as a teacher, her lectures are not boring and encourage students to interact. Tests come straight from study guides and the helpful orals held before tests. An amazing professor and person overall, i may have gotten a low grade but i enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Very kind, cares much about students. You must show up to class as she gives in-class quizzes. She assigns homework, and tests are basically the same as the test reviews. She is always in her office, ready to help. She replaces your lowest test grade with your final exam. It's funny whenever she gets mad because of a projector problem in class lol.
4.0 : She really cares about her students. On exams, she takes off a lot of points if you don't do it the way she wants you to do it. Go to the orals before the exams as she makes you do problems that are VERY similar to the questions on the exam, sometimes exactly the ones on the exam.
2.0 : This class has nothing to do with attendance/participation, it weighs solely on the 2 exams and your group assignments. There's no curve. He doesn't even write the exams so I say form groups to understand the concepts for exams. If u send the group assignments to him before the due date, he'll tell you what to fix. Annoying class but it was okay.
2.0 : I attended this class and thought it will be easy, but this professor basically turn the class into a self - learning class. The majority of the time you take photos outside the class. During the class you basically are doing nothing for 3 hours. I wouldn't recommend if you have no basic skills about photography to take this class. Avoid if you can
5.0 : Took the online class and was very challenging for me as you must have be a self motivated person to stay engaged and up to date with deadlines.  Professor Booth was very available and attentive the students questions. However she will not hold your hand and up to the student to do the work and view the videos. I rented the book but not needed.
5.0 : Professor Booth is excellent. She is very helpful and accommodating. You will learn, the assignments are interesting, and overall walk out with new digital photography skills. I don't even consider myself and art person but I really enjoy the class. You should definitely take her for AVT-253
5.0 : Professor Booth was one of those classes you have to work hard OUT of class. Except a lot of outside time for her projects but it is nothing too unbearable. I stepped out of this class learning many new skills and a better understanding of photography. Her personality is a hit or miss for some but always very helpful and passionate about her work.
5.0 : She really cares about her students well being as well as their success in the classroom. Just email her if you want to meet and she will definitely find a time that works for both of you. A 12-15 page research paper was terrifying to me at first but she really helps you break it down into manageable chunks.
5.0 : As a first semester student at George Mason, I thought Professor Jones was quite simply amazing. She is extremely nice, very approachable, and really seems to care about her students. She is clear, organized, and engaged with the students. She also understands that we're humans, not merely students. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Amazing person.
5.0 : I loved her, she was so sweet and really made an effort to get to know each student personally and grade them not only on the quality of their work but how they as a student are progressing. She helped motivate me to complete my 17 page research paper and encouraged me to study what I love. Couldn't have finished that class without her.
5.0 : Professor Jones was great! She was very friendly and helpful. We had about 4 papers due throughout the semester and she always gave great feedback. I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : She is SUPER NICE. Only had 1 paper but she does give a lot of homework such as weekly annotations and really specific discussion ?s. You should also be able to create presentations. She does like those a lot .But she is definitely willing to help you step by step. Attendance is taken and recitation is required even though recitation was stupid .
5.0 : Amazing professor. She is so sweet and kind. Has a cute british accent. She really cares about what she is taking about, and she makes lectures interactive. A couple of essays, pretty easy grader. She has the ability to make you interested in art. You should do your best to attend class.
4.5 : Such a great person, and a really dedicated teacher. Her class is easy, but yes you have to think a little- it is a philosophy class after all. The papers are really painless, and she is there to help along the way. The lectures can see a little lengthy, but the more you participate, the better. Put in your two cents and you'll get an A
4.5 : Professor Jones is wonderful. She guided me through my first major research project and was helpful to my classmates with different levels of experience in research. Our class time was useful, the textbook was useful to first-time researchers. Professor Jones is also friendly, always willing to help in class and by giving extra credit opportunities
5.0 : Honestly, getting to experience her teaching made me want to stay at Mason. She is a reminder of why college isn't a complete waste of time and money.  Not to mention, she's extremely witty (sometimes downright funny) and just a genuinely nice and caring person. Don't be afraid to share your ideas with her too, she is never condescending
5.0 : Her class could change your life, if you let it. Lecturing style is very effectivethere's constant repetition, so listen and you'll firmly understand without having to memorize. This gives you the chance to develop your own thoughts. She puts a lot of effort into grading papers and goes out of her way to make herself available. Love her so much!
5.0 : Such a kind and friendly professor who really cares about her students. That said, don't expect an easy A without putting in the work. It's a philosophy class so there's a lot of thinking involved. However, try to read and pay attention to the lectures.
5.0 : She is like the Disney nanny u always wanted, listening to her talk is captivating never mind she's brilliant and genuinely compassionate. you will learn to be a better human, to look at art and social injustices, and to form ideas and challenge others. I would take her again, in fact, I'd marry her. but who doesn't love her?
3.5 : You really have to work hard to get a good grade in this class. There are multiple readings each week that need to be kept up with. There are 5 papers throughout the semester including 3 art analyses and 2 longer essays. No midterm, tough final, &amp; maybe 2 reading quizzes. Attendance is quintessential to success; make sure she knows who you are.
5.0 : First philosophy class, and never regret it. Jones' teaching style includes reading before class, then  she facilitates class discussion.  Her classes will improve your critical reading, and understanding. Just make sure you read before you go to class, or if you can't.... you MUST take notes for essays! She is very understanding and helpful though
5.0 : She's the BEST! Prof. Jones is very approachable, and whenever there was a paper I struggled to write, she was happy to help get me on the right track. This class was a true pleasure to take, and her feedback on papers is immensely helpful. Keep up with the reading, and participate if you want to pass though!
5.0 : Philosophy isn't fun or easy, but she explains it really well. She grades fairly and will help you if you're struggling with understanding the material. Really nice, really friendly, I didn't understand a word until she explained it.
5.0 : Professor Jones is definitely one of the best teachers I have had at mason. She is very caring and loves hearing the thoughts of her students (even if in opposition). Her classes were full of healthy debate and discussion. Would recommend.
5.0 : She's so good at teaching that I am considering pursuing a philosophy concentration or minor. I really enjoyed having her as a teacher, you can tell that she truly cares about her students.
5.0 : I can't begin to explain how helpful, constructive, and wonderful Prof. Jones was during this class. Not only was every class super interesting and thought provoking, but the effort she puts into her feedback and students is above and beyond! I had never taken a philosophy class before, but she did everything to make sure I understood the material.
5.0 : Her PHIL336 course was challenging, but rewarding. Weekly readings, a couple worksheets, two small papers, one large paper. She is a tough grader (even correcting grammatical mistakes), but she is also very sweet and is willing to work with you. Super smart and entertaining. Her class is fairly tough, but if you're willing to work, no problem!
5.0 : Prof Jones is an amazing professor to take from even if you aren't a philosophy major. Her lectures are super interesting and fun to participate in if you've done the reading. If you get the chance to take gender, race, and responsibility, definitely do so, it's one of the best classes I've taken and really makes you think.
5.0 : She is a fantastic person and is definitely worth meeting at least once in any class. My critical thinking and analysis writing in papers improved a lot with her, and I really felt like she did not grade base on her own personal preferences but on how well you were actually doing, which is refreshing to get away from after high school.
4.0 : She has a British accent which is pretty great! Love her and her class. The paper seems daunting but she's really good at helping work through it and giving good feedback
5.0 : Granted this is not a very easy class to tackle, Dr. Jones is a phenomenal instructor. Plenty of great feedback and can help with any aspect of the research paper writing. Listen to her lectures because she provides extremely helpful tips for academic writing.
4.5 : Professor Jones is honestly the best part of this course. I went into the semester doubting this class and now at the end, I really feel accomplished. She is so helpful and so approachable. My research paper improved so much with her guidelines. Also her accent is pretty cool tbh.
5.0 : SHE IS GREAT! if you dont take her you are missing out. very incredibly helpful
5.0 : Prof. Jones is the best professor ever! She is not only kind, but extremely engaging and helpful. This class could have been a total bore, but she made it intellectually stimulating. I learned more about myself and my writing from this class because of Prof. Jones. Take Professor Jones if you have the chance! I have nothing but good things to say.
5.0 : Prof. Jones is the BEST PROFESSOR FOR HNRS 110! She is so nice and knowledgable. She is always there to help you and the course is designed in such a way that the assignments all help you build your research paper. It does seem overwhelming at times but just go talk to her and she will help you figure it out. Just work hard and do your best!
5.0 : Professor Jones is a fantastic, fair, and knowledgeable professor. Her HNRS110 class pushed me to hold my work to higher standards but I  did not feel pushed too far so as to not enjoy the course. Professor Jones even emailed me a job opportunity from the Smithsonian Institution she thought I would be good at and I got it!
5.0 : She is the sweetest women ever! She makes tackling a 14 page research paper a lot easier. I recommend taking her for this course, she is really their for you the entire semester.
5.0 : She is amazing! She really helped me guide my project so that it reflected what I wanted to do. She gives so much helpful feedback and is a very wonderful person! She also has the biggest heart in the whole wide world and truest cares about her students!
5.0 : She's the best chemistry teacher for labs no doubt! Very educated and we all had a blast with her. One time she was subbing for us and we actually learned more in her class that ONE day than we had all semester with our usual teacher. She's a must ! You will learn and be prepared for the future
4.0 : She came in half way through the semester as an interim professor for our actual professor who went on maternity leave. She was a lot clearer on what was expected on quizzes and exams, which was very helpful. She can be understanding and rewards effort, but you have to try. She can't make the course easy, but she makes it easier to grasp.
5.0 : Gingold was the most helpful person to me last semester as well as this one. He is the nicest, sweetest person I have met in the CS department. He's funny too. I highly recommend him. He's done a lot for me and he will do a lot for you. :)
3.0 : CS 112 freshman year, Fall 2013. Everything builds on something. Didn't understand how to code this one segment in? You'll have trouble with the next 4 assignments. You can't get help on homework from the HELP CENTER (wtf?) I maintained a solid B+ up til the 5th homework. I couldn't get some code and it killed future assignments. Exams are ok.
5.0 : Dr. Gingold is amazing. He kept the class entertaining through discussions. Assignments were sometimes tedious (weekly game) - but not too difficult. Gave out a lot of bonus to raise grades. Midterm was easy, and could count as your final exam score. Take Dr. Gingold if you can - you wont regret it. I know I didn't!
5.0 : Prof. Gingold is the best prof I have ever had.  His lectures are both enjoyable and informative and his class structure for this class is amazing -- it's a "game a week" class all semester using JS. Keeping up with the readings each week will help majorly for the Midterm, and the book is enjoyable to read. If I could I'd take this class again.
4.5 : Grading can seem tough, but if the right effort is applied you can get an A. The only 400 class that was in a lab with cpus to make things easier for everyone &amp; I know it was a POSITIVE thing!! Make sure you have NO slackers in your group or you will pay a price for the group project. Exams were take home &amp; made you think :) Thank you Dr. Clarke!!!
4.5 : By far the best English teacher I have ever had. She is so helpful and really cares about her students. If you ever need help she is always there and responds to emails almost immediately. When you do well, she really lets you know you are and is very good at reaching out to her students. I absolutely loved her class and her! Definitely take it!
5.0 : Alicia is an amazing professor and an extremely kind person. She seems perpetually available to talk, even outside of office hours, and she's always willing to engage with students even on topics that have nothing to do with her class. Her guidance changed the way that I write! She's great and I highly recommend taking any course she teaches.
4.5 : Honestly my favorite professor up to date. she's very respectful and receptive of students and their interpretations of texts. helpful and challenging, it's a really great class and she's an awesome professor.
5.0 : Best professor ever! I loved the class and she made it fun! I'm pretty good at writing papers, but even if you aren't, she will help you through every single step if you need it! Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Fantastic teacher, reading the materials (and there is a lot) is mandatory. Class discussion based, and no final! Only four papers. Great class, I want to take another class with her.
1.5 : Took her classes on Pop Culture and Serial Murders. Both were discussion based, students expected to talk the entire class. She was horrible at managing discussions. People went off on tangents, so I was never sure what the point of each class was because she rarely said anything. Inquired about final papers(60%) she gave rude sarcastic comments.
4.5 : Rebecca was AMAZING!!! She's so sweet. Super easy class, she never took attendance. It was heavily discussion based and often times didnt relate to the the book, but there are only two exams which are super easy if you just look over the text before hand. I definitely recommend if you want an easy A!
5.0 : Professor Forrest is awesome!  She makes the class so interesting and the topics are CRAZY!  Our class focused on serial killers, cults, etc. in various cultures/time periods.  She's a really nice woman and is always willing to help you with any problems and answer questions you may have!  The final project was real cool too!
3.5 : This was an overall good class. Her lectures are not interesting but sometimes can not be related to the information in the textbook. Two tests, two papers, one project and a final which were all relatively easy. She's super sweet and nice but i did have to put a little more effort in the class than I was expecting.
5.0 : Katrina is such a cute professor! She is extremely nice and helpful. There was never a dull moment in her class. She shares a lot of her personal stories to relate to the material. Take Katrina if you ever get a chance!!
5.0 : Katrina was a hoot.  Spent large chunks of the class bringing personal experience, both hers and students, into the discussion.  Loves participation.  She is a very sweet person, and does everything she can to help you understand the material and pass the class.
5.0 : favorite professor ever!!!
5.0 : She made my school days something to look forward to. She is THE BEST, highly recommend her!
5.0 : Prof. Sadana is a brilliant lecturer and is so enthusiastic about what she teaches. A lot of interesting articles and documentaries are discussed in class. This class truly opened my eyes up to Indian culture; I learned so much. I recommend this class very highly- you will not regret taking it. Thank you so much prof. for a wonderful class. 1010
5.0 : Professor Sadana is great. she is passionate about anthropology and makes expectations very clear! Her classes are very easy because her enthusiasm makes the class fun! You will definitely learn a lot. Best Prof at Mason. Make sure to keep up with the readings!!!!!
3.5 : Prof. Cowan is a funny guy who loves his job it seems. He decides the mood of the class and he can get easily annoyed but normally he's fine and his lectures are pretty entertaining. There are two papers that are both manageable and he's teaching style is great. Highly recommend his class it's enjoyable and manageable
4.5 : Prof. Cowan is passionate about Latin America and teaching. He's a great lecturer and has a very comfortable class environment. There are readings every class but all very manageable, he expects participation but also makes it very easy to be involved. One of my favorite profs at Mason, taken him for three different courses and definitely recommend
2.0 : The class was ok, he's a funny guy and gets everyone involved. Negatives - his grading policies are completely unclear. Vague requirements for a presentation, which I know I more than mastered, and he gave me a D. He also didn't respond to my emails with paper grades until I asked him. Make sure you get clear instructions or you will get surprise.
5.0 : You'll have to read a lot, but skim and you'll do fine. Participation is so easy, and this is coming from a person who has social anxiety. He's a great professor in general, but he will drag you for not doing assignments. So take notes on the readings, show up and pay attention to the power points. The paper isn't that bad in hindsight.
5.0 : Professor Cowan is so smiley! And really cares about you learning. He's sometimes hard, but in a good way.
4.0 : Professor Cowan brings the material to life. His lectures are clear and always on topic.  He makes everything interesting and provides great feedback. Plan on going to class, but you won't have many tests at all. Just some papers.
5.0 : One of my favorite teacher's at GMU. He gets so into the lectures and will really keep you interested and curious every class. So funny and silly and nice. He's a fair grader (maybe a little tough?) but overall a super fun and interesting class!
4.0 : Extremely tough grader. But he is funny and fairly nice. I don't think his personality makes up for his grading/expectations, however. On the first exam, there were 16-pages (8-pt font) of vocab that you needed to memorize (many Spanish/Portuguese words).  If you don't know basic Spanish or Portuguese, be prepared to cry. TONS of reading btwn class
5.0 : Great class! Prof. Cowan is amazing. PowerPoints are amazing. Most readings are interesting (but there will be several a week). 10-15 page paper at the end of the semester is the only downside.
4.5 : I loved Professor Cowan's class.  I felt like he really challenged us. At first the expectations seemed overwhelming  but  I really learned so much about writing a histiography.  His comments on my writing were very helpful &amp; thoughtful.  There's a ton of reading but the lectures were interesting.  Don't be intimidated, he's really nice &amp; funny.
4.0 : Fairly easy class- make sure you do the readings and participate in discussion. There is a midterm &amp; two 5-page papers.  Take good notes on both the readings and lectures because that's what you use to write your papers. I liked this class because you hardly do any work- just read what is assigned and give a comment or two about it during  lecture.
3.5 : This teacher was delightful! She has tremendous experience in the Comm field, and translates it into the course. The class was doable, although it required A LOT of time consuming material. The txts were fun to read and it applies to everyday scenarios. Everyone participates but she flip flops on due dates so email when confused. Not an easy A.
3.0 : This teacher is book smart, but not teacher smart. She is flexible in her schedule. But that is about it. She nitpicks about many unnecessary aspects of each speech, she prolongs the class to reach its limit, her voice is very mono toned (being a comm teacher), her grading is vague, and does not answer easy questions in class . Wouldn't recommend
5.0 : I'm not quite sure how you could possibly do poorly in Prof. Yook's class. She's the most clear and organized teacher I've had at Mason. She is incredibly sweet but sometimes oddly arrogant. Nevertheless she's a great professor and the class is a very easy A for public speaking
4.5 : I can't say enough wonderful things about this professor! Professor is one of the nicest. most willing to help professors I've ever had in my career. She's accessible by e-mail most hours of the day and is willing to help you succeed as best as she can. Class isn't difficult at all and the tests are online. Highly Reccommend
4.0 : Professor Yook is so adorable! She feels very motherly and really cares about the success of her students! I would certainly recommend professor Yook for any comm class; just follow her instructions to projects and you're guaranteed a solid A
4.0 : I absolutely love this teacher. If you do exactly what she says she wants for the assignments you will get an A. The only hard thing about this class are the tests if you try to study based off the study guide. I studied by reading the textbook and doing the textbook quiz for each chapter and got very good grades on them. Must participate in class
5.0 : Dr. Yook's class was really nice. I looked forward to coming to class every week. Just know that attendance is mandatory and you need to read the textbooks. Overall, it's an easygoing class with lots of discussion to join in!
4.0 : Professor Yook is a very nice teacher. She was reachable through email and she also sent out reminders before class to know what to expect during class. The online quizzes are tedious, but it's unlimited re-submission so it wasn't so bad. She grades speeches based on the rubric given in the book, follow the format and you'll be fine.
5.0 : She's very very understanding and an easy grader. There are only two exams (Midterm and Final) and two group presentations. If you put effort in reading the book and prepare for your presentations, there should be no reason why you can't get an A.
4.5 : You only need the textbook for the peer review sheets inside, but besides that didn't use it. All the info you need is in the OLMs. Professor always went over exactly what was due and when. Most of the time spent on prepping for the next speech, with a lot of small in-class group activities. She's really helpful, just ask and she'll work with you.
3.5 : Esther was a good professor but she is by the book and follows the syllabus like its the bible. So, there is no chance of going off of the syllabus. Overall, she's a pretty easy grader and wants you to succeed.
5.0 : She is really a nice person. Really fast response in email. This class has clear grading rubric, just follow the syllabus and come to every class, you will be fine.  Total 3 papers, 2 exams, and 2 presentations.
3.5 : Professor Yook was good. Sometimes, the requirements for essays can be a little vague, but I very much enjoyed her lectures. There were a lot of chances for good discussion in our class, which made it really interesting. Make sure you go to class, as the abstracts that are due each week depend on you being there that day.
1.0 : She is unnecessarily tough, and it takes a lot to do well in her class, even though the subject itself is easy. She is unfair in grading papers, and her final exam barely matched the study guide. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Yook has been one of my favorite profs at GMU. She is very friendly and gives back useful feedback on assignments, as well as insight on the material. The only thing I disliked about the class was the group projects, but if you can tough those out she is a great choice. If you put in the work, you get a good grade. Simple as that.
5.0 : Professor Zhou is awesome! He was really helpful, friendly, and always willing to answer questions. I wish I would have had him for my bio 103 lab last semester. He's an easy grader and very understandable. He tells you when you'll have a quiz and they're easy if you read the reading. TAKE HIM if you want to pass and have a little fun in bio lab.
4.5 : Nicest professor ever!! Always there to help you, gives multiple chances to get full grade, two easy presentations in the semester and ALWAYS finishes lab very fast, the class was supposed to last 2h40min but I never stayed there for more than 1h. Would definitely take him again. Easy A
5.0 : Best professor ever!!
4.0 : Class work took a lot of time, but not difficult except for the final project, but there was plenty of time to work on that during the semester
4.0 : Makes the class very interesting!!!
4.0 : Lectures short, gives general details and you have to read the text book further. exams are easy just read slides and textbook. Scoring A is not difficult at all.
4.5 : Fabulous professor. I barely cracked the book. The class before the midterm he does the review DO NOT MISS THIS. Write down what he says and you will ace the exam. The final is longer so you have to attend class to get the review. Interview someone for the project and use visual aids (youtube videos etc.) he's ADD so he loves the distraction.
5.0 : A wonderful TA! she's a tough grader but she is very good. She's very knowledgeable about bio. Always responds to emails and is willing to meet whenever she's on campus! And she's very sweet!
4.0 : Simply great teacher. He knows what he is doing. Write everything he put in the board, do the HW, and study his PPT, you will at least get a B in this course. Unfortunately he only teaches FNAN-311 next semester, I wish that he could teach more classes.
3.5 : His lectures are really really boring and dry. Do the hw since it will help you on the exams. Exams were kinda of hard. You really have to have deep understanding of all concepts. Just wish he would make the class more interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Horstmeyer is the best professor I have ever met at Mason. His lectures are clear and straightforward. As long as you are willing to spend time and efforts, you will receive a decent grade. Besides, he is a really nice guy who is willing to provide valuable advice, both academically and professionally.
3.0 : Horstmeyer is an extremely intelligent guy. His lectures are a little dull but he knows a lot about the subject. If you keep up with the reading and attend class you will be okay. But if you get behind you will lose interest very quickly.
3.5 : Overall a good professor. His lectures are really boring sometimes and his slides are hard to read at times. But he is always willing to answer questions and I had a lot of fun with the projects. Tests make up a bulk of the grade though so study your butt off (hint: master the homework problems).
4.5 : Dr. H is always willing to give extra help if you're having trouble, and he gives back exam/project grades very quickly.  The trading project is pretty fun!
4.5 : Horstmeyer is one of the most understanding and helpful professors in Finance. He really does try, but the material is not easy to grasp at times, and he can move fast through the material. DO THE HOMEWORK! DO SAMPLE PROBLEMS! Two group projects two tests and regular homework. Projects are fun but make sure you pick a good group.
5.0 : Really nice guy and cares about how you do. You don't have to go to class, but if you want an A you should. Most material on exams are from slides with in-depth explanations from class. Definitely put effort into studying, some questions can be tricky if you don't read them carefully. Cumulative final and drops lowest quiz. He is nerdy cute.
4.5 : A pretty good intro financeinvesting class. I think Horstmeyer does a good job of covering the important parts as well as incorporating some actual real-world examples during class too. Exams weren't that hard in my opinion. Get a good group, as the group project counts just as much as the midterm. Pretty easy yet interesting class. Recommend.
2.5 : Derek taught an interesting class.  The group projects were tedious, but not very hard. Make sure you choose a good group. The exams are based on the homework, so do the homework and get the book with the answer key.
5.0 : VERY NICE GUY. Exams are based on what he says in class and hw. Projects are kind of hard, but you can learn a lot from them. Get a good group and pay attention when he goes over the projects. He does curve when the exam ave is low. TAKE HIM. You will learn a lot about stock.
4.0 : Good professor, young, sociable, knows his stuff very well. The material is kinda tough but he is available for office hours pretty much every day. Clear grading criteria and if you listen well in class, dont really need a book except for homework assignments. 2 major components of the class - midterm and final
5.0 : Good lectures. The tests are straight from his lectures. He tells you what will be on the tests. Ya, good stuff.
4.0 : He is not bad. His lectures were very dull and boring so he needs to do something to make them interesting. Come to class, take notes and study them and you can easily get away with this class. He is helpful and explains concepts well. The group project was a pain; make sure you are in a good group or else you life will be hell. Recommended!
4.0 : Subject matter is somewhat difficult in the beginning but come to class and ask questions and it gets easier. Homework is way harder than any quiz work and the exams are serious but not too much. Overall, great professor but not a breeze-through class.
2.0 : He's extremely hard. You need to study for his exams, ask questions in class (or he'll deduct you for class participation), and study for his quizzes. He will put tricky questions on there... so watch out
5.0 : Good professor who is helpful. Pay attention in the lectures since his exams are on exactly what he discusses. Quizes aren't a breeze so you need to study for those, but the exams are similar. You don't need the book except to do some practice problems. He is easy to understand and can explain portfolio theory in a comprehensive and easy manner.
5.0 : Take him, take him, take him. He is knowledgeable, smart, and funny. I really enjoy his class: it's relaxing, but you learn a lot. Quizzes are easy, but you have to study to pass his tests. He's also very helpful when you come to his office hours. Be aware that he doesn't like students texting in his class and will pick you up if you do so.
5.0 : Professor Bock is an amazing teacher.  She is always there for her students to give feedback, help you learn the material, and is not boring during lectures.  She relates the material to real-life events and to the present day.  She isn't a tough grader-suggest you go to class, tells you the extra credit on exams if you do! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5.0 : Allison really cares about her students and that came through in her teaching every class. She was always also so helpful and goes above and beyond if you need more explanation or guidance. She was always just so positive and encouraging, and I would actually look forward to going to class! So I would recommend this class!
5.0 : Professor Bock is one of the best professors that I have ever had since I've started here at George Mason. She's engaging with her students, and uses real-life experience when we talked about development overtime. She helped me out when I started having trouble with test-taking, and her assignments are pretty easy. She's awesome!
4.5 : He's a really nice professor at Gettysburg College. And I can say he's literally my favorite professor. He's always willing to help students at his Econ department office. He's really helpful and he makes Learning this class easier and clearly. However, Professor Cavander can be a tough grader sometimes. Please be aware of that!
5.0 : He's awesome!
5.0 : One of the greats! A smart and fun prof
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. I had never taken Spanish before in my life and I got an A. It's important to come to class and ask questions about what you don't understand, and she will take the time to explain it. Quizzes and tests were pretty easy and covered material she went over in class. Not too much homework either.
5.0 : She really cares about her students and will help you if you are having any difficulty with a concept. She encourages students to help each other and she creates a fun, comfortable atmosphere in the classroom. Would definitely take her again.
5.0 : SPAN 110 is a long class that typically meets 3 times a week and  because of this I am grateful for the environment she provided in our classroom and the understanding she showed when we were tired or confused. Never have I excelled at foreign language but she really wanted me to. If you show up and try and improve she will help you do well.
5.0 : She's wonderful and very worthwhile. If you put in the effort, it'll be fine. She has a good sense of humor.   The only downside is you do have to buy the textbook.
5.0 : Great teacher and very fluent in Spanish, participate in class (helps grade), do well on vhl, turn in diaries and compositions on time, if you don't understand ask, read the material for the class because a lot of class time is based on that, understand because she is not there to teach it again just to give examples so you understand it, funny
5.0 : Here's the thing,  learning a language requires dedication. Coming to class and not practicing on your own will limit your understanding. She's actually a pretty chill professor who wants you to learn, but you are only messing yourself up if you rely on class work and don't do the homework and study. Learned a lot and would definitely recommend!
4.0 : Great professor! Very helpful both in and out of the classroom. Makes an effort to answer students' questions regardless of their relevance to the day's lecture topic and even if he must take time out of his own schedule to research the question. Sometimes can be a little dry but on certain topics (i.e. Religion and Violence) he can surprise you.
3.0 : Lots of little reading assignments. Pop quizzes. Boring lectures, half the class is asleep or not present. Monotone voice, which is nasally and annoying. Witty guy, just be sure to read.
4.5 : Prof. Turner is easily one of the most engaging professors I've ever had. He is very well learned in the subject and is able to expand on the topic rather than just repeat information. Be ready with questions though because he values an engaging class. Other than that, missing class isn't too big of a deal.
4.0 : Prof. Turner is a fine man and an excellent teacher. I do not think he has a monotone voice as some people report. He is very knowledgeable and has a great sense of humor. There is more reading than is necessary, but he does cover the readings in class and answers all questions fully. The class got to take a field trip! GMU is lucky to have him.
4.0 : The class topic was Mormonism and Prof Turner is an expert in the field. (He is not Mormon, himself.) Guides class discussions with ease, encourages participation. Doesn't intimidate you by letting on how much he truly knows about the subject! Is there to help you at all times. Very personable. Knew the textbook authors, arranged Skype interviews!
3.0 : Not very clear on what he wants in the essays. Also, beware of this class: he will make you go to a three-hour Mormon service... on the weekend. That's right, three hours of your weekend gone.
5.0 : Lots of reading, but you can pretty much get away with skimming or not doing them at all, or not doing all of it. Boring lectures because his voice is monotone. He's a geek, but he's also really sweet and caring of his students. Would take him again because it's clear he's passionate about the subject.
2.0 : Professor Turner is a great professor, but if you aren't really into studying religion, and get bored easily, I wouldn't recommend taking a class with him. He has a monotoned voice, his midterm is also all short answer which really sucked.
5.0 : Prof. Turner is a great person to study religion with. He is a historian by profession but his insights on religion are fascinating. The class is an overview of Judaism, Islam, and Christianity. He talks about Mormonism the last couple of classes because that is his specialty. Midterm and Final essay are really easy, and he will help you out. :)
1.0 : Was an alright teacher but the reading for this class was ABSURD! I've never had to read so much for a 100 level class before, and his reasoning behind the grading on assignments  is beyond me. This class is meant to be an introductory class and not a 300/400 class so I'm not sure why he teaches it like it's an upper level one.
5.0 : John made this class so hilarious and enjoyable! He doesn't take religions too seriously and makes some pretty good jokes about the strange workings of faith. There's weekly writing assignments on the readings, but it's basically your thoughts on the text. I highly recommend him!
5.0 : I really appreciated Professor Turner's sense of calm, his respect for his students, and his professionalism (he's a VERY quick grader).  If he offers to read drafts, DO IT! YOU WON'T BE SORRY! Participation is graded, but he's always very encouraging so this shouldn't be a turn off for shy students. Great class, great professor.
5.0 : The amount of reading I had to do in this class was absurd. On the exams he has a identify this scripture's religion section so if you don't get his handouts in class or read what you are expected to, that'll cost you about 20% of your exam grade. However, he grades really easily. Also make sure to participate in class because participation counts.
3.5 : Cons:  -Learned EVERYTHING through the textbook -Turner doesn't have good power points &amp; class lectures were unorganized  (had to get notes from a friend who had Prof. Sarah Sparks) -Doesn't allow laptops in class -LOTS of writingreading required  Pros:  -The class was SO EASY  -The textbook is really interesting and simple
4.5 : Didn't know what to expect from this class. But I would definitely recommend Professor Turner. He is funny and SO helpful. He honestly just cares about you understanding the material. Not too much work for this class, but you really HAVE to show up.
4.0 : Prof. Turner is overall a really nice guy who tries his best to help students to do well. The course is reading intensive -- if you don't read, you won't pass. He gives a one point "quiz" on the reading sometimes. I personally did very well on the homework and had no trouble in the class, but it isn't as interesting as I hoped it would be.
4.0 : You have to read a lot in this class. It will help a lot if you get the books he assigns in audio format, along with paperback.
5.0 : Where to start with John Turner... he's a very passionate and caring man. He loves to engage with the class. If there's a question he doesn't have an answer for, he will search for it and come back with some interesting story. Class is very easy going. There is a lot of reading but it is interesting and I feel like I learned a lot about our society
5.0 : Very funny, very knowledgeable. Expects you to be prepared for class each day. Hates - refuses to allow! - electronics in the classroom. Interesting readings. One wasn't: the text was rather dry and difficult, he realized it, we told him what we thought, he "chucked" the textbook and we didn't have to use it! Very personable, is ready to help.
3.5 : be prepared to read many different scriptures in this class lectures are not very organized as he goes in a circle and does not really talk about the readings so if you dont understand the readings there will be issues later only 2 tests, the midterm and the final, which make up over half of your grade 8 short assignments from the readings pop quiz
5.0 : Prof. Turner is extremely clear with what he expects from you and assigns readings regularly. The only homework was 9 Short Assignments given and turned in entirely through Blackboard, and the midterm and final are given on the syllabus (midterm in-class, final is an essay over Blackboard.) The quizzes are scant and easy. Participate in class!
4.5 : YOU MUST TAKE HIM! CAN GET EASY A
4.5 : Great teacher who gives lectures and is funny while doing it.  She never went the full time in my 7:20pm to 10pm class and usually ended around 9/9:30pm.  You can also tell she knows what she is doing and has lots of experience.
4.5 : Professor Legnini is a very engaging speaker. Her class is without doubt the easiest I've ever taken. Please ignore any comments about her class being difficult. Anyone with even minuscule interest in history and willingness to pay attention will succeed. I'd recommend now to get the textbook. Class usually ended at 9:00. Overall, very fun teacher.
4.0 : I didn't touch the book once, don't bother using it. No homework, 3 essays, 2 which can be done at home &amp; 1 being the final and in class. She grades average, I wrote my essays last min. &amp; managed to get a B on them. The in class essay isn't as hard as you think, just study beforehand. GO to the lectures, they're extremely helpful for essays.
3.0 : She is a great lecturer if you're really interested in history. However, she's a hard grader. You have to go talk to her and show that you care. No matter how good your essay, she won't give u an A on it. I got a C on my first essay, so I went and talked to her. Got an A on my second one which was not as good as my first!!
5.0 : The class is NOT BORING at all, the professor have her sense of humor, and you only need to finish a couple paper in a semester. I took 3 hours class but she usually finished in 2 hours. If you want to take a HIS 100 class i would recommend you to take her class.
5.0 : Her class was super easy. All she wants from us is just to show up, and you will pass. However, she does wants us to write 2 papers  throughout the summer, but she is a fair grader.
5.0 : Friendly and nice teacher with straightforward grading criteria and expectations. This class is NOT an easy A; you have to work for it. Lectures are concise and informative for the essays, SO TAKE NOTES. Fair bit of textbook usage, mostly for essays.  *If you don't know how to write a proper research paper, learn how to before taking this course.
5.0 : Seriously super easy! Definitely go to class because her test are actually open note in-class essays! you don't need the book because most of the sources you cite in your essays will be on your notes based on what she said! Absolutely LOVED her and shes british.. so it was great to hear her talk!
5.0 : By far one of the best professors I've had at Mason!
5.0 : Good class over the summer. She's an easy grader, but offers comments. The class was mostly discussion based, but she contributed a lot. She also has a good sense of humor and lets the class out early.
4.0 : She really tries, but lectures can be dry at times - which is to be expected given that this is a 100-level introduction to history. Two essay assignments, but if you reference the textbook and additional readings and clearly make your point you should do well. Must keep up with readings for final in-class essay, which you prepare for in advance.
4.5 : I actually enjoy learning about history theses days because of her. Her lectures are entertaining, intriguing, insightful and so rich. At first I was nervous about the exams, but as along as you go to class, take notes, and are able to demonstrate your knowledge making some good connections, it's all good. If you can, TAKE HER CLASS!!
5.0 : Go to class. Take Notes. Know how to write in class papers and make good logical points. At least a B if not an A. One of the best professors at Mason, and I mean that.
4.5 : AMAZING Professor! She always has the class laughing, making the most BORING subject interesting. No tests. Only 4 in-class papers that are evenly spread throughout the semester. Easy Grader. Attendance: She passes a sign-in sheet at beginning of class. I had a night class (7:20-10:00), but she always let us out early. Book not really necessary.
3.5 : This class is pretty simple and easy if you put effort in. All of the tests are in class essays which you can use the book and primary sources on. She is a very fair grader on them as well. Her lectures are interesting and she is a really quirky and cool professor.
4.0 : A funny and engaging professor makes a normally dull topic very interesting. She tells jokes, and is a very good speaker during her lectures. Tests are open-note essays that for me were very easy to blow through. Got an A+ in the class with never doing any reading, homework, and barely any prep for tests. Definitely take for your history gen ed.
1.5 : I felt like this was a writing class and not a history class. She wasn't clear about how to fix the essay to make it better, doesn't give good feedback. The final exam 40 % of our grade, its two essays. I did more writing in this class than my English classes. The only good thing is that we always got out of class early.
5.0 : She's really hilarious and she engages with her students in class. You won't get much homework with her, but reading the textbook does help if you have  no prior knowledge.  Her tests are basically essays, which are open notes and open book. She's awesome.
5.0 : Legnini is a great professor. She makes history seem very interesting by the way she tells it. If you take her 3 hour class, she never uses the full time.
2.0 : If you ask her for help, dont bother thats a waste of your time. This class is all about ESSAYS! Lectures are sometimes funny but she is a tough grader, if you dont write something how she likes, then well you get points taken off!
5.0 : Amazing professor! Interesting lectures! A loooot of reading (don't get me wrong, i love reading, but it was just too much). Hard grader but if you work hard, you will get your "A"!
5.0 : Professor Legnini was extremely funny. She knows how to make jokes in class when her students almost fall asleep. I've never enjoyed history class before cuz I don't like history, but she could give you a feeling like "this class is really easy, just listen to me" She only gave 3 exams and 1 final. PS:Open Notes! u can use whatever u want!
5.0 : Awesome, very student friendly...
5.0 : Interesting content and delivery, kept class interesting, knows her stuff.
5.0 : Best professor at Mason! Knows nursing and cares about students. Would take again!
5.0 : Took class last fall awesome teacher who teaches you beyond the classroom
5.0 : I think Dr. Davidson accomplished what few do - create real discussion on ethics, theory, and practical application in an online setting. The course content was a nice mix of theory and ethics. She is considerate of the working professional going to school by not piling on work for the sake of work. Now have better appreciation of these subjects
5.0 : Flexible, helpful and easy to understand, connects good with students.
2.5 : Initially communication was an issue, however this was remedied. Kind, willing to help. Repetitive assignments. Ethical topics were interesting.
5.0 : Prepare for group everything! Thinking beyond yes/ no and multiple choice. Know your APA! She'll help you out if things get overstressing. Loves nursing and it shows.
4.0 : His class is in lecture format with some overhead notes and graphs. You have to keep a journal but he posts the journal questions on blackboard. His exams are hard you have to study the lectures and the book, however he gave many students 100% on all the exams regardless of their actually grade. I got an A+ even though I failed an exam. Take him
5.0 : Without a doubt the best class I have ever taken at GMU. Success in class requires attention to detail and will make you think. Speaks with clarity and emphasis, not a single boring lecture. Very willing to help and answer questions at almost any time. Take a class with this professor if you value your mind.
5.0 : Difficult, but excellent professor. He will push your critical thinking skills to the limit, so be prepared to have your points challenged. There isn't much work in the class per-say, but there is a significant amount of reading.  Tests are open note, but don't assume for a second that they'll be easy! Overall I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
5.0 : Not an easy class, you have to think a lot, but the professor is very laid back and he makes every lecture interesting, one of the best Econ classes.
5.0 : He's brilliant and animated, but be warned, he'll keep you on your toes. This isn't a class to just show up, sponge some information, and regurgitate it on the test. Through the exams and classroom discussions, he will challenge you, force you to really think. Lots of reading, but all excellent selections, so if that scares you away, good riddance.
5.0 : Great teacher, keeps everything fun and engaging. I encourage everyone  to take this class.
5.0 : The class is fun. Middleton is very fun and knowledgeable. Lots of readings but don't give up because did America give up when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? No!!!
4.0 : The class is interesting, and the professor is willing to answer any questions in person or by email. The test is a little difficult but it is curved. There is a reading assignment and reading response to be handed in for every class.
4.0 : Great professor. Very interesting class. Do the readings and show up and you will probably get a good grade. Still a challenging class though.
4.0 : Wears a kilt, makes you read but it is not bad
5.0 : Tests aren't bad. Lectures are really fun. Middleton is a bit of a smart-aleck too.
5.0 : He's the professor GMU deserves, just no the one we need right now
5.0 : Great class with a great professor. Reading responses every class are essential. If you don't do them you have to ask yourself, are you feeling lucky? Well do you punk?
5.0 : Great teacher makes the class fun. You don't  fear Econ... You welcome it. Your punishment must be more severe.
5.0 : Great professor. Very clear, and highly professional. All u really need to do is attend the class, and take really good notes!
3.0 : This class was not as easy as I initially thought. Plenty of opportunities to do well, but you really have to apply yourself.  If you really want to learn well, take professor Caplan instead. Tests are very hard but it is open note (which is pretty much useless).
4.5 : Attending the class is essential. Doing the reading is essential. Exams are open book, open note.  A very entertaining lecturer, even though attendance is important to doing well, you will enjoy being there.  He is not afraid to engage the class in discussion making it interesting.
4.5 : Good class, cuves test alot so they are relavily easy. Class is mandatory because there are short homeworks due every time but hes a entertaining lecturer. The classs isnt that hard but requires a tad bit of effort
5.0 : Great teacher goes over the readings, has open note exams. Go to class and pay attention and you should do fine
5.0 : Five sentence reading responses due each class, but that isn't hard. The tests are purposefully difficult but they're curved like crazy. If you provide a reasoned answer you will do well. This class does require some knowledge of economics, but it's 400 level so that should be expected. My second class with the professor and I would take another.
3.0 : Professor makes the class exciting, but I feel like it could have been fit into 4 weeks vs. an entire semester.
4.5 : He is a very sharp professor and speaks with a good amount of wit.  The class is not all that hard if you do the readings, that includes the tests.  Your writing must have thought put in it and contain well-constructed arguments.
5.0 : Great Professor! Would recommend taking Public Choice (or any course) with Middleton. Extremely enthusiastic about the material. Not the easiest class - 5-sentence reading response due every class for 20+ page readings - BUT he is a great lecturer and will make the reading interpretations interesting. Do the readings, come to class = at least a B.
5.0 : He's really smart, sassy and confident in his beliefs. He'll make you feel dumb if you speak out in class (usually). Tests are open note. Reading responses due every class are somewhat important.
5.0 : If you have no work ethic do not bother going. This professor only rewards effort. Be concise and willing to do a lot of readings but the gains are great.
5.0 : Do not take this class if you want an easy grade.It requires a lot of work, BUT it is definitely worth it! Middleton is a great lecturer and makes the class interesting and fun.
5.0 : Helpful and a good lecturer but tests are hard. Has a large curve though. 56 is about mid 70's
3.0 : His lectures are entertaining, but sometimes he focuses so much on the art of lecturing, that they lack clarity. Lots of reading, exams are very hard, but curved a lot. Public choice is a mix of political science, philosophy, and economics, so make sure you are into it before you sign up. As an econ major I was disappointed in the material covered
5.0 : This class is centered around lectures and discussion in class. Do the readings and reading responses AND go to class and take good notes. It may seem like a lot of work but its not. I'd recommend this class to econ majors who want to discuss theory and attend very animated lectures.
5.0 : I thought the class was very entertaining. I would recommend this class to any econ major.
5.0 : Excellent.
4.0 : He sings, he wears a kilt, and he goes out of his way to use low cost textbooks.  What's not to like?  The readings he assigns may be dry but he brings them to life.
2.0 : Class should be scheduled better with more clarity on what info is important to know. Also the class needs more direction. Where are we going with this info? Some lectures were interesting when I knew where he was going. Okay overall.
4.5 : Probably the HARDEST class I've taken at Mason. However, probably one of the best lecturers/professors. No powerpoints, no notes to copy. Only way to pass is write EVERY he says because anything can be on the exam. Nothin close to an easy A. Take if you are an Econ major, he is a cool guy who means well.
2.5 : Interesting lectures, but it can be difficult to understand what's relevant for the exams. Always go to class and take detailed notes. Also, exams can be tricky, even merciless.
3.0 : Lectures weren't very organized. Most of the time I would leave the class not even sure what the main point of his lecture was. But, if you're willing to put in a good amount of effort, you'll think the class is okay. Definitely not an easy A though.
3.5 : Good lecturer, difficult to study for his exams though. Covers way too much material and doesn't clarify what to study.
2.0 : Class lacks organization, and clarity. It is difficult to determine what information is relevant for the exams. Attendance is mandatory, reading assignments are 20+ pages and reading responses are due at the beginning of every class. Not recommended.
4.0 : He opened my eyes up to economics and his lectures are pretty funny.  It can be a touch class if you don't attend or do the readings.  I highly recommend him if your truly interested in learning.
5.0 : Professor McCloskey-Wolfe's lectures are amazing. She is so interesting and knowledgeable about the Celts. Her power points are very detailed w/ excellent examples. She assigns LOTS of reading but it is relevant and interesting. Taking her as an online professor wasn't a problem at all; she was responsive &amp; accessible. Excellent instructor!
4.0 : Great organization of the class, but too much reading and writing for someone who is taking 15 credits. We have other classes too. 8-10 page paper.
4.0 : Very easy class to excel in. Read through PowerPoints to do well on the tests. There are a multitude of discussion board posts and only 1 major assignment which is an 8-10 page paper. Just turn your assignments in on time since it is online.
5.0 : Learned a lot about Irish and the Celts in her class. Read the stories and readings each week. Post discussions or reflections about 5-7 sentences every week and you'll get an A. She often grades stuff a little later but she's not a harsh grader. Overall an easy art requirement class.
5.0 : Interesting class and very knowledgeable about the subject; she made topics more interesting than assigned readings.  2 quizzes, 1 paper, and a final are required. Class attendance and participation make up 20% of the grade. Make sure to participate in discussions. I would take one of her classes again.
5.0 : Excellent class, extremely knowledgeable. Even though most classes lasted the entire time lecture were great!! Would take again.
4.0 : The class was very easy. The professor gives interesting stories and examples to illustrate the material. There is a lot of reviews in the lectures that might get a little tedious for some, but is helpful in knowing important materials for exam. The lecture material is not very challenging, but there are challenging mini assignments.
4.5 : Professor gave out a study guide for the midterm which had all the info that was on the test. He gives out weekly quizzes which are 2 pts each (4 q's). And has case studies which are fairly easy. If you show up to class and take notes you should get a B+ and if you read the textbook you'll get an A.  Take his class if its available. Great Porfessor
5.0 : It's a shame this is his last semester teaching at Mason. Like all the reviews say, show up to class, take really good notes, crack open the book every so often, read the assigned articles  you will get an A. Extra credit too. Would take again even as a non-ECON major. Semester not over but expect an A.
4.0 : The reviews on Dr. Thomas speak for themselves; he's a captivating lecturer, he's downright hilarious, and if you SHOW UP to class then you'll do very well.
5.0 : Simple answers: He's a great professor. He doesn't just give out A's though; you have to actually come to class and take notes, but if you do that you should walk out with an A or B+ at a minimum.
4.5 : Great professor with interesting lecture. 30% midterm; 30% final; 20% case studies; 20% pop quizzes; 3% presentation extra credit. Overall, easy but useful class. Take it!
5.0 : Really glad I decided to take this class. Have learned a lot so far and not too difficult of a class. Great professor!
5.0 : Best teacher on campus ,too bad he is retiring. We need more teachers like him
4.5 : He is  a really good teacher!!!
4.0 : Really great teacher!! Interesting lectures!!
5.0 : Good! Well Done ! relaxing class!!
4.0 : Professor was pretty responsive to email questions, although at times his explanations were too simplified and I had to ask him to clarify or to explain in more detail. Lectures are pretty entertaining due to his vast work experience. He has a story or real world application for every environmental problem. Approachable man if you need help.
5.0 : He was very easy and straightforward. Go to class, ask questions, and you will do well on tests and homework. He tells you exactly how he wants everything done. Overall, very glad i took this class
5.0 : Easy but interesting class. Homework is extremely light, tests are easy, quizzes are particular so it helps to go to class but not necessary. Would definitely recommend and will look to take Health Economics with him next semester.
5.0 : Very interesting and fun lectures. He is very clear in his expectations. You will do very well and get an A as long as you show up to class and do what he asks. He makes sure to teach the thought processes behind enviornmental economics.
5.0 : He explains the concepts much more clearly than the book. I haven't even read one page of the book this semester because all the material is covered in class. Do the assigned readings on BB and come to class and you should be fine!
4.5 : Very easy going professor, he makes sure that the students understand the material. Tries to keep the class interesting.
5.0 : Interesting examples really helps. Easy class but I learnt a lot.
5.0 : Class is very interesting you can get a decent grade without the book but you have to go to all of the lectures. Professor Thomas makes lectures interesting and easy to listen to. Take lots of good notes and you'll do well. He is also very helpful if you have any issues or don't understand material just talk to him about it.
5.0 : This class is fairly easy if you attend lectures and pay attention/take notes. He is very approachable and helpful during office hours. I have learned more from this class than most economics classes that I have taken. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : I've really enjoyed this course and the topic is very interesting. Professor Thomas does a good job explaining the material. If you pay attention in class and do the weekly readings you will do well in the course.
5.0 : If you attend the class it is not very hard.  He loves to teach and is very helpful.  Funny guy and I would recommend any class he teaches.
4.5 : Simple class if you attend the lecture. As long as you take notes in class you will have no problem. Has bunch of easy quizzes and he drops two, 5 case studies and he drops one, midterm, and final. Also, there is a 3% extra credit. Very hard to get a C, let alone, an F. Fun professor, highly recommend.
5.0 : Very interesting professor and easy going. Explains the material really well. Attendance not required but gives 1 easy pop quiz every week. Overall, take this professor with no doubt.
5.0 : Real life stories that go along with lecture, keeps you engaged. 1 quiz 4Q typically on Friday. 6 case study's after the mid-term. &amp; a final. Learned a lot, and really enjoy the class. If it was a twice a week instead of 3 times a week class it would be pretty close to perfect. Take notes, come to class, go to office hours if needed. Very helpful!
5.0 : Professor Thomas is a very good lecturer. He's funny and interesting. He has short quizzes every week to incentivize students to come to class and do the readings he assigns. Definitely recommend this professor and would like to take another class with him.
5.0 : First of all, I leave a comment about the class. Honestly, he is  awesome. His lecture is really clear and understandable. Moreover, this is really important that this class is not boring!! I am an international student. Even for me, I really love this class. He speaks really clearly so if you have passed ESL, you will be fine to take his class!!
4.5 : Professor Thomas is really innovative!! He came up with so many ideas to involve us into his class. Easy class. Quiz may be tricky sometimes, but he will curve also. He tells a lot of jokes and personal stories along with the lecture contents. An excellent professor!!
5.0 : GOOD PROFESSOR
4.5 : Super rad. Tells many a tale that are fun to hear and apply to the curriculum. Very recommended.
4.5 : Interesting class and great professor. Be sure to attend lectures and you should do well in the class. He provides real world examples and relates them to the concepts you learn in class.
4.5 : Great professor. Not a class where you walk in and get an A, you actually have to put in some effort. But if you come to class, take notes, and do in-class quizzes, should be fine. Nice guy.
5.0 : Prof. Thomas uses real world examples, keeps class interesting and genuinely wants his students to learn. Does not take attendance but there is a short pop quiz each week. If you pay attention in class and do readings, you should do just fine. He offers a one-time extra credit opportunity too.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. i joined the class very late but he allowed me to and help catch up with the class. just pay attention each class because quiz answers can be tricky. but he is awesome. i wanna take him again.
4.0 : So helpful. i joined the class late and was still able to catch up.
5.0 : He is the best
4.0 : Professor is so helpful. Best Mason Professor
5.0 : Make sure you attend the classes and do not miss the weekly quizzes. You get enough time and hints to do the assignments. You also get to do an optional presentation for extra credit. Would definitely recommend Professor Thomas for this class.
5.0 : Best Professor in Mason by far, easy going and understands the material really well. Take him with no doubt
5.0 : Take this class!!!! The professor keeps you very interested in the subject and provides various real world examples to help you better understand the material.
5.0 : Awesome professor very helpful and makes class interesting.
5.0 : Best teacher
4.5 : I signed up for the class a week late ... he helped me get caught up and was very nice .... class is very easy ... minimal outside of class work .... TAKE THIS CLASS if you need a upper level ECON class and it isn't your major
5.0 : Fun professor, keeps class engaged by using real world examples! He is also funny and likes to talk about his personal experiences. Class is not hard, and he will let you know what the exams will consist of.
5.0 : A very nice guy and a wonderful professor. So far I think he is one of the best econ professor I had at Mason. He makes the class very interesting by telling personal stories and giving real world examples. I would definitely recommend this class and professor!
5.0 : A very nice guy and a wonderful professor. He is probably one of the best econ professor I had at Mason so far... He keeps the class engaged and interesting by telling personal storing and real world example. I would definitely recommend him and the class!!!
4.5 : Good teacher good class
4.5 : Good Professor. Go to class and you'll get a good grade. Not crazy hard, no real need for textbook. Attend and take notes
4.5 : Second consecutive semester taking classes with Professor Thomas and I would do a third if it was an option. Really intelligent guy, makes the material accessible and interesting. Probably the best professor I've had at Mason.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had here at Mason. He is very funny and his lectures are short and direct. It is a very easy class is you do the readings and show up and take down his notes. The tests and quizzes are very direct and mostly straight from the notes. He has a very clear grading criteria and provides extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Good lectures, case studies, gives pop quizs
5.0 : Good lectures, case studies, gives pop quizs so try to attend class
5.0 : Overall one of the best professors that I have had at Mason. Throughout the semester there are 12 pop quizzes, a few case studies, 2 exams, and plenty of extra credit opportunities. Class attendance is optional but I highly recommend you attend because he offers a lot of great information.
5.0 : Most inspiring professor I've ever had at GMU. He's truly groundbreaking. Can make any mundane matter seem interesting. His stories are so cool; the type that would be the life of a dinner party. I don't want his class to end.
5.0 : Great professor, great person. Do what is asked of you, and you'll get at least a B easy. Assignments and pop quizzes are easy if you put in minimal effort. Best econ class I ever took
5.0 : Highly recommend this professor. He is very nice and explains all the concepts in class very clearly. His stories are great too.
5.0 : he's real good. solid class.
5.0 : Great professor. It sucks this is last semester teaching at Mason, wanted to take his health econ class :(
4.5 : He is very easy and straight forward on quizzes and exams.
5.0 : Awesome teacher.
5.0 : The professor is very kind and gentle. Also, he throughs a lot of extra credits during the semester and the exams.
5.0 : Awesome professor, hard not to get an A in this class!
4.0 : Great professor. Super easy class for Econ majors. Just show up and listen and you will do well. The textbook is required but you can pass without it.
4.5 : Don't be a free rider rate all of your professors. Take this class, you won't regret it.
5.0 : One of the best professors at mason!
5.0 : Don't by the book. You can find a PDF version online. Professor Thomas is awesome! I'm very liberal, but I can agree with his libertarian views at times. The only time I found this class to be bs is when he says "Let's assume global warming is real"... oh econ...
5.0 : One of the best professors at mason! Take this class!!!! The professor keeps you very interested in the subject and provides various real world examples to help you better understand the material.
5.0 : best professor ever
4.5 : Best professor at Mason. He truly tries to make the class "easier" to make sure that all of the students can pass. He's always very positive and keeps the class simple and enjoyable. Take his class if you can!
5.0 : Great Professor! Must take him.
5.0 : He is a really great teacher, and his lecture is interesting. Do what he required, you will get a great score.
5.0 : Great professor!! he gives many extra credits so that could improve your grade!! recommend him!!
5.0 : Good Professor. Go to class and you'll get a good grade.
3.5 : Missing classes might mean missing pop quizzes which cannot be made up.  There are 12 quizzes and each is worth 2 points.  The two lowest grades get dropped, but if you miss more than two or don't score well, it's easy to lose a lot of points.
5.0 : He is extremely smart and is a great teacher. I learned more in one week with him  than I did a whole semester in 201. The quizzes come straight from the study guide, he wants you to do well and actually learn the material. I would highly recommend him!
4.0 : Quiz once a week, drops lowest 2. Easy A if you show up to class and pay attention. Great professor.
4.5 : Really a cool man
4.5 : 12 weekly quizzes (drops lowest 2), 6 case studies (drops lowest 1), midterm &amp; final. Some of the quiz questions can be a bit tricky at times, but overall not too bad. I'm glad I took his class.
5.0 : He has quizzes regularly and there are not very many points in the entire class so be careful! The final is 40% of the grade. Study guide is VITAL. I recommend starting a Quizlet at the beginning of the semester and adding on questions and answers for every chapter. Very interesting lectures to start off your day and get your brain churning.
4.0 : Dr. Thomas is a great professor.  The incentive to show up to class is quizzes he gives every week.  If you buy the Gregory Mankiw study guide for the class, and study the study guides within, you will most likely pass this class with an easy A.
2.0 : meh not the best. in order to get an A u need over 94%
4.5 : Great teacher, very thorough. Go over the notes from class before an exam and expect at least a B.
5.0 : Great professors. Not a very hard class just put some effort into it
5.0 : Great professor, really knows his topics and material. Pay attention and the exams and quizzes should be easy.
5.0 : Great lectures, and interesting material. As long as you attend lectures and take good notes you should have no trouble with the course
4.5 : Really great professor!!
4.5 : Good Professor! Go to the class and you will learn a lot!
4.0 : Great professor, go to class and you should do fine
4.5 : Awesome professor!
5.0 : good
4.5 : Best Econ professor I've had in Mason! Such a shame he is leaving to work in another university. Easy class, easy assignments! I
4.0 : You need to actually go to class or else you're going to miss all the quizzes. He makes economics interesting though so going to class isn't that bad and you'll learn a lot. If you can I'd definitely recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Not fair to only pick 3 tags to describe Professor Thomas.  Great lectures, smart man, interesting material.  Might not be the most mind bending intensive course ever, but you learn about problems and how to solve them.  I feel very lucky to have taken a class taught by him.  Go to class, pay attention, ask questions, and everything will work out
4.5 : Great professor. Lectures are interesting. As long as you show up and pay attention you'll at least get a B
3.5 : Great Professor but keep attention to the following: Don't skip class, he has pop quizzes once a week and if you miss more than 2 your grade drops like PPC curve lol. Everything is attendance based in his class from case assignments, quizzes, extra credit, etc.  Midterm was a killer and the Final I take tomorrow but I am expecting a challenge.
5.0 : He is awesome.
5.0 : Take his class. You will learn, but you must show up.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at Mason!
4.0 : He has amazing stories, and really knows how to make things relatable with small anecdotes. Wish his tests were easier.
3.5 : Very good teacher!! He is really kind and you will easy to get A
3.5 : Interesting class, but he will leave mason, feel sad.
4.0 : Great Class!! He gave pop quiz but dropped the  two lowest grade.
5.0 : The Greatest Professor and most enjoyable class ever! I even start loving writing this semester because of assigned 12-page case study. A+!
4.5 : Really popular and kind teacher, you will learn a lot in his class.
4.5 : Great teacher!! give many extra credits!!
5.0 : Cool professor, really help you!
5.0 : If you go to the class, you will get a great grade!
5.0 : Inspirational!! Great professor!!
5.0 : Interesting class, you will get great grades!
4.0 : You need to go to class, because you do not know when he will give you quiz.
5.0 : ECON 335 by Dr. Thomas( I think he would like this new title) has been considered as one of the cost-effective classes by me as a student out-of-state. Totally love his teaching style!!!! Have learned a lot through one semester. Unfortunately, he is leaving Mason.
4.5 : Great professor, really love his class.
5.0 : Great professor. I think everyone should take this class. I highly recommend it!
5.0 : Great professor. Really knows his stuff and makes it easy to understand. Took this class in the summer and the amount of material that was review from previous classes was surprising. Heard he is leaving after spring 2015, so get him while you can!
5.0 : Great guy, great professor! He knows what he is talking about, although I disagree slightly with some of his opinions. Nonetheless, economists love to disagree!
5.0 : Great professor who knows what he is talking about. A lot of basic information that is also covered in other Econ classes, so if you're taking multiple classes at the same time that really helps! If you go to class and pay attention, its a really good class.
5.0 : I assure you, you won't be disappointed.
3.5 : Not as easy as it sounds, must attend class to take advantage of all the unannounced quizzes.
5.0 : He is wonderful! He is knowledgeable and interested in his subject. Sitting in this class is better than summer camp. He is fair and kind and wants everyone in the class to succeed. TAKE THIS CLASS!! You don't really need the book though. The discussed readings will all go on blackboard, and he says everything to book can say better.
4.5 : I hate econ, usually bad at it, and I LOVED this class. I appreciated it so much, how understandable he made the subject and I learned a lot. So take this class! I am so grateful I did, even though yes 0730 is early for a summer class. Be there (mostly) everyday for the quizzes. Tells lots of his own real life stories to make things more tangible.
5.0 : Truly a remarkable professor. His class was one of a few that I actually enjoyed going to. He relates topics to stories, and presents the material in easily understood ways. I would highly recommend to take him no matter what your major is, you will not regret it.
4.0 : Students must attend class and pay attention. Granted that goes for every single class, but in this one quizzes are often given first thing at class. Teacher has a good deal of experience; having spent many years outside of the ivory tower and in the real world where people either sink or swim. Interacts well with students.
5.0 : He is a great professor, lots of things to learn! you won't need your text book and you have to attend class, although the attendance is not mandatory!
5.0 : Great guy, take his class!
5.0 : Don't get the book, but you must go to class!
5.0 : Great teacher, the course is very interesting.
4.0 : Good professor. Not hard at all.
5.0 : Good teacher.  Very informative.
5.0 : Easy class as long as you show up. Don't show up and you'll do poorly.
4.0 : Good Professor. If you attend all his classes you can get easy A. Be prepared for  unexpected quizzes so try to arrive every class at time since they are during the first minutes. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Good Professor. Easy A if you attend to all his classes. Be prepared to unexpected quizzes during the first minutes of each class so try always to arrive at time. Highly recommended
3.0 : Need to attend class or you miss quizzes. Material isn't hard, but you can't get away with not learning it.
4.0 : Need to go to class to learn material and take quizzes.  Material is straight forward.
5.0 : You can't get an A by just by attending the class, you have to put an effort into it. Overall, not a bad class.
5.0 : Great at his job, makes environmental economics very interesting. Take him if you can!
5.0 : Great teacher. Makes Environmental Economics very interesting. Take him if you can!
5.0 : Great guy. Has accomplished a lot in his life and you can tell he genuinely enjoys teaching. Lectures are very interesting but the book was expensive and not helpful. Go to his lectures and take good notes. That's all you need.
4.0 : Great professor. Need to show up!
3.5 : Easy course if you attend class, if you don't you won't do well. All the information you need to know for quizzes and exams come from his lectures, no need to buy the book.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : Just take him, you will not regret it!
5.0 : Perhaps the only professor in the Econ department who is good at it!
5.0 : Cool guy, just go to class and you will make it.
5.0 : You come to class, he will take care of you.
5.0 : Challenges common views in a structured manner. One of the most enjoyable classes I have taken at GMU. Make sure you go to class, all the information needed for exams is delivered in his lectures
5.0 : No way to get bored. Go to class and you'll do well.
5.0 : go to class, take notes. you will be alright
5.0 : Most interesting class at Mason
5.0 : One of the best professors, I've taken at GMU. Actually makes this class interesting, and worth your while. Book isn't really needed, as long as you come to class (plus theres pop quizzes so make sure you go!) 2 exams, a few case studies and he gives you a chance for extra credit. He actually cares about the students and wanted them to succeed.
4.0 : Very nice and interesting professor.
5.0 : Great teacher, easy class, but also very important material to apply to life!
4.0 : Enjoyable class! Made class very interesting and easy to grasp material. Recommend taking!
4.5 : Great Professor! Makes the material easy for you to understand. Recommend taking!
5.0 : Great professor! always willing to answer your questions
5.0 : awesome!! definitely not the average monotone teacher! gives many examples
5.0 : favorite teacher so far at Mason!
5.0 : take him! you won't regret it!!
5.0 : easy class to take in the summer, not boring
4.5 : Great Professor! Made the class interesting
4.0 : Great class you just have to attend to get an A
5.0 : No need for textbook. Easy class!
5.0 : Excellent professor. His class is very interesting. Although it is fairly easy, I've learned more in this class than i have in many other classes. I'm not an Econ major and I highly recommend him.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors in all my econ classes. Gives a lot of relevant examples for what we're learning in class.
4.5 : The first third of the class is the incubation period where you learn all about law, environment, and economics. The rest of the class is a practicum, where you apply what you've learned so far to case studies and constructing cost-benefit analyses. Very practical and useful stuff. Great class so far!
4.5 : Great professor. Seems to care about students and really knows what he's talking about. Very helpful when you speak to him. You need to go to class for a good grade (not because he takes attendance, but because there are random quizzes). He's inspirational and haves fantastic lectures. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Take his class before graduating!
5.0 : He's great, that is all there is to it.
4.0 : An easy econ class. Good professor. You won't have a problem passing if you study and complete the assignments.
5.0 : Easy and interesting class. Worth to take him as your economics professor!
4.5 : Just Fantastic
5.0 : Professor Thomas is a one-of-a-kind professor. He's an interesting guy, fairly humorous, and makes the material easy to grasp. I'd definitely recommend taking him .
5.0 : Great professor! tests are hard so study
3.0 : Professor Thomas is an excellent teacher. Economics is not a strength for me, but if you have to take a course with him as a professor, have no fear. Do your due diligence and you will be alright and get a decent grade.
4.5 : He was very helpful, definitely take him!!!
3.5 : This class is chill. There are a lot of non-econ major's that seem to take this course. If you are an Econ major, it will be an really easy course.
5.0 : Hard to find a greater professor at the college level. Easy, funny, you learn so much, and his character is great. This is my second time taking a class of his and GMU will really lose something when he gets his Ph.D and leaves this Spring.
4.5 : Weekly Pop quizes
3.0 : class is always MWF and there is a pop quiz on one of the days every week only 4 questions. Midterm, Final and Case studies.  Not hard, yet not an easy A. must come to class and take good notes, then its an easy A. He makes class fun, lots of jokes and awesome stories. He lived an awesome life and loves to share. would recommend Thomas to anyone!
4.0 : love this class, makes me want to become an economics major but it's too late for me. Have to go to class if you want to pass this class. Get ready to fail if you skip. You'll surely pass if you show up, and therefore tests and quizzes won't be a problem. Take this guy!!!!!
5.0 : Best Econ Professor I have ever had in Mason, cool guy and interesting lecture, make sure you attend every class then you will have good grades
5.0 : DC Thomas is the man! Show up to class, take good notes, look over notes before quizzes, and study a day or so for exams and you'll do fine. More than wiling to help answer your questions. Best Econ prof at Mason, and this is coming from an Econ major, wish he taught more classes. Makes coming to class enjoyable. TAKE HIM BEFORE HE LEAVES.
3.5 : Not easy
4.0 : This class is not easy ...
4.5 : Second course with this professor. Easily the best professor I had at Mason. This is a very informative and useful course for the future. 100% recommended.
4.5 : Really easy going, dont need a textbook. Go to class, take notes and you are good to go!
5.0 : This is the second class that I have taken with professor Thomas and he has been one of my favorite professors since attending GMU. The class is worth attending as the lectures are very interesting and you will need to pay attention to do well on the exams.
5.0 : Its hard to find a better professor at the college level. Easy, funny, you learn so much, and his character is great. This is my second time taking a class of his and GMU will really lose something ifwhen he leaves.
5.0 : Great professor that explains things really well. Can't skip because of quizzes regularly, but show up and it's an easy class. Really well taught.
5.0 : Good class
5.0 : This is the second class I've taken with this professor, by far my most favorite class every time. I'd say I learned the most useful information from his classes.  Definitely take a class with him if you get the chance!!
4.0 : David Thomas is an awesome professor. He's humorous, knowledgeable,  and engaging. If you show up, listen to lectures, stay for the pop quizzes, and actually care, then you'll be just fine.
5.0 : Professor Thomas is a great professor and lecturer. This class is definitely more difficult than the Environmental class he teaches but it is fun and interesting. You do need to study but he tells you what you need to look at in order to get an A. GO TO CLASS!
5.0 : He's a great professor. His lectures are interesting and the tests are fair. There are 2 tests, a few easy "pop" quizzes, and one group project policy paper. It was an interesting class and I would definitely take it again.
4.0 : He's a great teacher and makes the class very easy. Only thing is you need to go to class because there is no book so everything that is on the test is learned in class.
4.0 : Very engaging teacher but there are only two tests and a lot of pop quizes. No book so you have to go to class and it makes it hard to study.
4.0 : There isn't a textbook in this class and coming to class helps and is never boring.
5.0 : Learn a lot about healthcar! Come to class and get a B. Attendance not mandatory but random I clickers throughout the semester.
4.0 : great professor
5.0 : Great Professor. Clear and to the point. Nothing crazy difficult, just go to class and study for tests and this will be an easy class.
5.0 : Great Professor! Very Intellectual and amazing lectures! Learned not only about health care but also increased my general knowledge. As there is no textbook, you need to go to class to do good on your exams! It's never boring!!
3.5 : This class combines fun and learning. Definitely would take again
5.0 : Very professional. One of the only Econ professors who can lecture and make you understand without writing a thing on the board.
5.0 : Thomas is a boss and is very clear with his expectations. Take his class and enjoy. If you are the least bit intelligent and listen to what he says you will get an A. Also, his lectures are always entertaining so class feels very quick
5.0 : Thomas is such an amazing lecturer. He constantly tells  real life stories that relate to the material in class. He gives pop quizzes but are usually pretty easy. I wish he was teaching a third class. He's a must take!
4.5 : Professor Thomas is an excellent lecturer. Must take one of his classes before you graduate; he teaches ECON 335 and ECON 374. Makes economics easy to understand and is very approachable.
5.0 : If you have the opportunity, take his class. You don't find many professors this engaging at the undergrad level.
3.5 : you must go to every class to get all the information to do well on everything. that means quizzes, case studies, and exams. bottom line, just go. even if econ isnt your strong suite, if you attend class and take notes, you'll get an A
5.0 : Great class must take it with DC Thomas, come to class and take good notes
4.5 : You can apply his lectures to many different subjects. Useful material.
5.0 : The most intelligent professor I've had during the 4 years I've been at Mason. Thanks professor Thomas!!
5.0 : I absolutely love this class! Professor Thomas is so passionate about Economics and it shows with every lecture. He has so much experience and knowledge and I have learned so much this semester.  I am definitely taking another class with him next semester and I recommend that every Econ student take at least one class with him! :D
5.0 : Amazing professor who is extremely passionate about what he teaches! I've enjoyed going to class this entire semester and I look forward to hearing his entertaining and educational stories. Every Econ major has to take at least one class with him before they graduate! Love this class and definitely recommend to everyone!
5.0 : Go to class dont buy book. Easy A
5.0 : Professor Thomas gives great lectures, and although he stresses attendance in class (due to pop quizzes) it is not required. Passing is no big ordeal, but the class isn't boring enough that you'd want to skip. Professor Thomas makes the class as interesting and painless as possible! Definitely recommend.
4.5 : Professor Thomas is great. His lectures are interesting, and although attendance is not mandatory, I highly recommend you go. There is a pop quiz every week. All quiz and exam questions are easy and come straight from the lectures, so the textbook is not necessary. He is very helpful and understanding, and will let you turn in assignments late.
4.5 : Yo Mr T is the coolest cat on the block. He is the bee knee of teaching economics. He knows whats up.
3.5 : Interesting topics and humorous professor
4.0 : Pretty nice professor! Just go to his class!
4.0 : Easy class if you go.
5.0 : Professor Thomas is the man! Go to class and you will do fine.
5.0 : I'm really lucky to take this class! It was the best lecture I've taken! I want to recommend this lecture to anyone who wants to get knowledge and good grade!
5.0 : Professor David is the Best! My favorite professor in MASON econ department.
2.5 : He's a great professor. I recommend that you attend class because there is a pop quiz every week. Quizzes are based on lecture. Study cases half of the semester and two exams.
5.0 : Great professor. Honestly I'm not an econ major at allllll, and he's inspired me to take more econ classes. Never realized how essential it is to truly understand economic terms. Loved this class.
5.0 : Go to class. Because you'll want to for his class. This professor is very inspirational and a very smart guy. Learned
5.0 : Really smart guy! Interesting lectures. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT. Only 2 tests so that's not too bad. You will need to go to class for the pop quizzes
4.5 : Great Professor!  All test questions come straight from his lectures, (which are incredibly interesting) and he gives lots of extra credit opportunities.  If you go to class and take notes this is a great, easy class.
4.0 : Professor Thomas is easy going, gives extra credit and is a very entertaining lecturer.  If you go to class and take notes this class is easy.  Test questions come straight from the lectures.
5.0 : He's great!
5.0 : This is a very good class for those who are not Econ majors
5.0 : Second time taking him. Great guy. Iclicker quizzes, 2 exams, one group paper. Attendance isn't mandatory but the exams come from lectures so I wouldn't personally skip. Learned so much and highly recommend .
4.0 : this class is a mix of fun and learning
4.5 : i enjoyed this class, the professor is very nice.
4.0 : the best econ professor i've ever had !
3.5 : One of my favorite professors. His lectures are really interesting and you end up learning a lot. Go to classes because you never know when there's a quiz.
4.0 : Just Show Up!!! u will pass with a fare grade!!!
4.0 : Go to every class, u will pass
3.5 : Professor Thomas is clearly an intelligent guy who enjoys imparting his knowledge on his students.  His lectures are intellectually stimulating and is always good for a few laughs.  All you need to do is show up for class and listen and you are good to go.   Like a fine wine, Professor Thomas comes highly recommended.
5.0 : If there was one class at Mason I could take over again, it would be this one.  This man is a modern day Da Vinci, a renaissance man in every sense of the word.  Stop reading this.  Take this class and relish in the experience that is Professor David Thomas.
4.5 : Great guy, great class, highly encourage taking this class with Professor Thomas.  I learned more in this class than I have in the past 2 years at GMU.  Just go to class and you'll do fine.
5.0 : I had heard good things about Prof. Thomas from my ECON major friends, so I decided to see what all the hype was about and took the class.  Boy am I glad I did.  Not only a great Professor, but a great storyteller who managed to mesh economic principles with his life experiences.  Highly recommend Prof. Thomas, take him if you can.
4.5 : This is not a hard class
4.0 : Go to every single class
4.0 : Great guy, great class, highly encourage taking this class with Professor Thomas. It was interest class.
4.0 : if you go to class you will succeed
3.5 : very interesting class, the professor is nice too
4.5 : go to the lectures and you will pass easily .
4.5 : All you need to do is show up to class and take good notes. Everything on the test comes form the lectures. His lectures are clear, and can always ask questions if something is unclear.
5.0 : Easy class just do the readings
4.5 : awesome professor, i went to class every time and didnt miss a single question
4.0 : Show up for the quizzes you will pass.
5.0 : Take him if you get the chance. He's a fantastic professor, and extremely inspiration. I'm not an econ major, and want to take more econ classes because of him.
4.5 : Clear lectures based on knowledge and his own personal experience.   Interesting lectures.   Quizzes are cake if you attend class.   Has extra credit opportunities.   Accepts late assignments.
4.5 : Excellent!
5.0 : Just go to class and pay attention for a little and you will get an A.   Like literally just show up....
4.0 : Amazing professor, tests can be tough sometimes so make sure you study.  You learn A LOT of content, so studying for a 30 MC exam can be kind of daunting.  Attendance isn't mandatory, but it's definitely in your best interest to show up
5.0 : The guy is legit!
4.5 : Literally one of the best professors at Mason. You must go to class but don't worry he has really good lectures using realistic interesting examples that make it easy to keep up with and take notes on. Two exams, pop quizzes, case studies (only 1pg papers) and participation.
4.0 : Highly recommend!
4.0 : Mr. Thomas is always available to help with any material. He wants everyone to pass
5.0 : I'm a non-econ major and this was my favorite class of the semester simply because Professor Thomas is a great lecturer -- I learned so much. The assignments and tests were easy. I will say the final was a bit tricky BUT he graded extremely fairly! I did way better in the class than i thought i would.
5.0 : Really great class, really great professor. The class is challenging but the professor makes the subject enjoyable. This class exercises a part of your brain that very few other classes do. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Most amazing professor i've ever had. Great teacher ever!!!!!
5.0 : She is a great professor at Mason. Her syllabus is clear and she's extremely helpful. She's always available through email and before/after class. The class does consist of a lot of work, try your best!
5.0 : Great teacher. Every week has 1-2 easy assignments and a quiz with unlimited attempts. He has YouTube videos for lectures which way be long but you have a week to watch them which is a lot of time! I would recommend him. Also there is one 4 page essay and a video presentation for the final. It's an easy A.
5.0 : Very easy grader. Do your assignments and you will pass.
5.0 : This class was actually pretty easy. He gave you a good amount of time to finish the assignments, there weren't much. There's a 2,500 word research paper and  a 5 minute presentation at the end. I would definitely recommend taking this class!!
5.0 : Super easy.  You are kept busy, but he gives out fun homework that helps you learn!  We have homework where we have games online and have to write papers on our experience! Seriously a great professor!  He is understanding too.  I am so glad I took him.  I think I have learned the most in this class, but it was the easiest!
5.0 : Took his online class. He makes the class fun, and easy to navigate through the modules. Responds quickly via email. Has a strong point of view on environmental issues and the lecture videos are easy to follow and you learn plenty about our environment. Weekly lectures, quiz, and four tests. I would take him again !
5.0 : Great class and teacher. Only 4 exams, 5 quizzes, some discussion board work and  final paper/video project.  If you do all the work and study for the exams, I see no reason why anyone should not get an A in this class. The paper is 1800 words, but if you do your research it will fly by. The exams can be tricky, but he gives you a study guide.
5.0 : He's the best teacher i've ever had as far as easiness goes. Took this class online. Expect to work 1 hour a day and you'll get an A. Great guy, very nice, and sensible in his grading. Can't ask for more.
5.0 : Really nice guy and easy grader! There are four exams, weekly assignments, weekly quizzes, and a paper/video project. I took his class in the summer so it was very condensed but still found the workload doable. He curves a lot of grades and is very helpful with questions. Exams can be tricky, make sure to review the material and the quizzes.
3.0 : Do the work and you will pass.  Tests are difficult however, he gives a study guide and a lot of answers to the tests are from the open note quizzes.  There is a project at the end which is really easy.  Your typical online course; however, it is not too demanding nor hard besides completing the study guides.
5.0 : Professor Ransom's class is awesome. The lectures are easy to understand and well-explained. The assignments given are not that hard. Tests usually have the same questions from the quizzes, but still study the material. The course project was actually really interesting to do and not a hassle at all (very easy). There's no midterm or final.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR! I wish I could take another class with him. The material is not always easy- just watch all the lectures , do the study guides, study them, you'll undoubtedly pass! This was my favorite class so far at GMU. I even thought about changing my major to env sci from how much I liked this class. Lectures are really interesting!
5.0 : Reasonable workload, great course, clear grading criteria, and he grades fairly. I would recommend this class to everyone because it is really informative and the modules are very well organized.
4.0 : Professor Ransom is a very god professor and the class was straightforward. Four tests (including the final) are weighed equally, quizzes are multi attempt so easy 100, a few easy assignments,  discussion boards, and one group project (very easy) are your grade. This class does require a microphone and webcam so obtain one before it starts.
5.0 : This class was one of the most interesting class I have taken. He is very clear as to what he expect from the student and he is very flexible with your work schedule.
4.0 : I disagree that this was an "easy" class. If you want an "A", you have to work for it.(Although if you just want to pass, it may be easy.) Would I take him again? YES. It's a lot of reading, watching vids, peer reviews, a 2500 research paper, and a narrated powerpoint for the final but overall, it was an interesting class.  I say: take him.
5.0 : The course assignments are same as described by others. Really good online lecture, also a very nice grader. Completed the video recording project in 30 minutes and got an A for it. The tests are not tricky or hard, but it should be studying beforehand. Basically, watch the lecture, get inspired, and get A.
5.0 : Prof. McCan was awesome! Her lectures are to the point. She gives a lot of great examples during her lecture which help you understand the material. Show up to class and take notes and you will pass with an A. The only major project is something she helps you with throughout the course so its supper easy! Mid term and final are not all that bad!
5.0 : TAKE HER FOR RESEARCH METHODS. She is quirky &amp; her personality alone makes an extremely dry subject such as research methods interesting. Additionally, she loves what she does as a living and she brings that passion into class. She altered her teaching style to keep students focused &amp; a difficult seeming class she actually made light and easy,
5.0 : Really nice, really knowledgable professor. Does a great job preparing you for exams. Attendance is worth part of your grade and you should go anyway. Gave a lot of insight and wants you to understand and succeed. Midterm, self-made final based on timeline, short paper and a timeline project. Very flexible.
4.5 : Awesome professor, very good lectures and she is actually very funny. Shes from New Jersey so she has a sailor's mouth too. Very helpful with the research project you have to do. No papers, and three tests. You have to go to class to pass
5.0 : great class, to the point and you are taught everything you need to succeed!
5.0 : BADASS! she's great - really cares about her students learning the material. The exams are hella hard but if you study for them you should at least get a B-. She does the best she can with the material given and turns a boring subject fun and easy to understand. AWESOME! take her! you won't regret it!
4.5 : Dr. McCann is an amazing teacher! She gives you all the necessary tools to help you learn, as well as passing this class. Show up to class, her classes are very interesting.  You won't regret taking her class. Best Professor I've had at Mason.
5.0 : Be prepared to come to every class but also be prepared to enjoy class. Lectures are engaging and often humorous. You can tell she loves her job outside of teaching and teaching. She knows what she's talking about, which can be rare. First exam has a cheat sheet and the other two she walks you through a study guide. Boring class made tolerable!!
5.0 : AMAZING!! She is so funny! She is brilliant and a very good teacher! Knows you have a life outside of this class. The project is very helpful! Make sure you go to class because otherwise you will not get the notes and will fail the class. Classes are a lot of fun though!
4.0 : Dr. McCann was awesome! She is so funny and down to earth. She explained all research methods with real life scenarios which made everything so much easier to understand. Yes there is a research project but she literally walks you through the entire thing and you turn certain section in every few weeks so it's not hard at all. Very cool teacher!
5.0 : Probably the best professor I have had at Mason. Literally loved her. She is funny and energetic. She makes difficult concepts seem easy. Just show up to class, occasionally do pre-class readings, and turn your work in on time and you will get an A. Not much more to it than that. And did I mention she rocked?!
5.0 : very straight forward class. you have to try really hard to get a bad grade.
4.5 : Dr. McCann is one of my favorite professors at Mason! She is very helpful and wants you to do well in her class. I've taken this class previously with a different professor and did really bad. Research Methods is already a boring topic so I suggest that if she is teaching this class that you have her as a professor!
5.0 : Professor McCann is great! She actually wants her students to succeed. Come to class, read the text, take notes and you'll get an A!
5.0 : Understands many students will not like material since it is a mandatory class for some, so hits important information &amp; class is so easy. Semester project that she basically does for you. Tests are not hard with a little bit of studying and paying attention in class. Super nice, good feedback, grades fast, very helpful and understanding. TAKE HER.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors Ive ever had. She really cares about her students and wants them to succeed. The material is hard and boring but she makes it easy and fun. Shes hilarious. Quizzes every class, 3 exams and a research project which she walks you through each step. I would take her again!
5.0 : 100% salesman.  Good Professor.  Tons of industry leaders including having them judge your final group project.
5.0 : He was really great at explaining everything. I learned a ton from him, really knows what he's talking about about story structure.
4.0 : Honors section of MGMT 461. This course required a TON of reading but you can get by just skimming/summarizing. 7 write-ups, drops lowest one. Final paper 8-10 pages long. Interesting and thought-provoking discussions but can drag on if the book was boring. I got an A.
4.0 : Professor Cramton is a nice woman. She seemed a bit distant at times so I think I had a hard time really connecting wit herenjoying her class. However, I overall found this course to be extremely easy. I would recommend the class for that factor.
5.0 : Amazing Professor! Took this class for my first semester at GMU and I loved it. Manages to be very humorous and educational at the same time. He is very passionate about the subject and even brings in current events to the discussions. They are readings and quizzes, but they aren't too hard. Easily one of my favorite professors and classes.
5.0 : Professor Kauffman is awesome! He finds ways to demonstrate the curriculum in ways that are understandable and interesting! I learned a lot and woudl definitely recommend anyone at Mason to take this class.
2.0 : He goes through material very fast. I took this class in summer but it was too much for me. If you are a transfer student and have not taken CS 211 at mason, Please avoid him. He doesn't curve at all even if the whole class is getting C. His projects are very tough. Some of the test cases were revised multiple times and it created more confusion.
5.0 : Professor Kauffman is by far my favorite CS professor. He's a great lecturer and is very helpful outside of class if you need additional help. His exams are challenging but are open note, so if you pay attention in lectures and take solid notes you should be fine. I wish he taught more upper level classes. Definitely would take again.
3.0 : Kauffman is a really nice lecturer but his tests are HARD!! and the projects are really long. Be sure to take out plenty of time for the projects.
5.0 : My favorite CS professor so far. He gets the majority of the class to collaborate their thoughts, he makes sure you understand what he is teaching. When he asks questions he will randomly call you out so make sure you know your stuff. If you answer questions regularly in class you could potentially get extra credit at the end of the semester!
5.0 : Kauffman is awesome, but his projects are long and hard. I need to spend at least 3 hours every day working on his project. His exams were not too bad though. All exams were open books, notes, code he provided, or code you have written, and you can also use IDE to debug your code during exams.  Highly recommend him!
4.5 : Don't skip, and prepare to read a bit for the 1 credit class! A lot of it is common sense if you're already familiar with 'the internet'.
5.0 : It's a very tough and rigorous class, but he is there to help you, where if help is needed his office hours are /invaluable/. He has his best interest in his students, being one of the few professors seriously invested in his students in the CS program. Take him if you can. Difficult, but worth the experience.
5.0 : Funny and Approachable, knows what he's doing and is very willing to help. Well-written Lectures that focuses on what's needed to know.  But Projects are quite long and hard, and the Tests, while not as hard, can sometimes throw you through a loop. Overall pretty chill environment, and passes out extra credit cards often for participating in class.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at GMU. His material is challenging but his focus is always on teaching concepts rather than wrote memorization. Attending and participating in class will prepare you for his open resource exams. You will actually get a sense of growth and accomplishment out of his classes rather than just learning to take a test.
4.5 : Knows subject very well! He is a good professor. His test are extremely hard. Hardest test I've ever taken. Projects are easy for the most part.
2.0 : Prof. Kauffman knows his stuff, no denying that. He teaches the concept decently. The problem however is that he is constantly vague in project/assignment specs and guidelines, and when asked to clarify he seems to take offence to it and insist that you figure it out yourself.
4.0 : He's the only professor at GMU that gets me jiving. Expectations are really straight forward, projects are do-able but do require a generous amount of time. Projects essentially get progressively difficult. Solid class though. If you need help, just ask him.
5.0 : Great lecturer! Makes the class intellectually stimulating and conversational. Although he does like to pick on people and put people on the spotlight, he clearly tries to relate it to the subject being taught. Expect lots of reading for a 1 credit course. It should be an easy A though if you read and attend lectures (required) Quiz/exam open notes
5.0 : Excellent Class. Excellent Professor. Parallel computing should be added to GMU's CS curriculum as a regular offering.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at GMU. Makes lectures interesting, is very smart, and came in dressed like a cowboy on Halloween. He's very honest with you about how you're doing. This class definitely required a lot of effort, but I feel like I learned a lot.
3.5 : Kauffman's class was actually very interesting. He used real life scenarios in order to make the students understand the material well. Quizzes and test were open note but they were more interpretive then straight out of the book. As long as you pay attention to his examples in class and read the textbook, its an easy class.
4.0 : very interactive class. Everything is gone over in the class including the projects. The class is very fun. I'm gonna be taking him again. His tests are pretty hard though. They require you to program some things on paper.
5.0 : Kauffman is a fantastic teacher. He made Computer Ethics and Society interesting, which is definitely what I was expecting from the class. Fair workload and grading. Try to get him if you can.
5.0 : Was hesitant taking his class after hearing how difficult he was despite being a great lecturer, but if you work harder than usual you should do fine. Grading is fair but know that there is no curve. For this class he had plenty of code that challenged us to work out in class and that he reviewed in class. Wish I had taken him for other classes.
1.5 : He needs to work on his lecture. He writes too small on the board for people in the back to see. He talks too fast and clankily, making topic harder to understand than as is. The exam had so many flaws that questions were unnecessarily confusing. With tight time constraint for the exams, the questions need to be at least accurate.
5.0 : He is very helpful and eager to teach. He's also very smart and understanding. Typical day would be lecture and some activities. He goes around doing his best to stimulate brainstorming. He also gives space for those who want to be left alone. I ask many questions and he is certain to help you know even more.
5.0 : An excellent teacher.  His programming assignments were well crafted and presented a fair challenge.  Gives lots of code and lecture slides.  Exams were fair as well.  Highly recommend.
5.0 : If you want to learn C, take him. 2 exam s, 1 final , 6 HW 42% total grade. His HW is hard but help you a lot when you do exams and final. Exam is opened book, computer, note , except online. Recommend make appointments with him every week. He explains everything to you until you understand it. He is best professor in CS department.
3.5 : I took his class during the summer, it should be more difficult comparing to regular session, and yes it is, and even worse. His class has four projects (hard), two exams(extremely hard).  Majorly weighted on exams, if you fail one, then A is gone, more seriously B. Im not the only student who said his tests were hard. He's nice but don't take him.
5.0 : Good speaker who is passionate about the topic and makes class discussions engaging. Tests are open book. You do have to do reading, but the readings are fairly interesting. Great guy.
5.0 : He's the best professor I've ever had, and this was the hardest class I've ever taken. His specs and slides are detailed, and on a technical level, this is easily the best course I've ever taken. His engaging teaching style, ungraded in class-exercises, and participation-based extra credit gives you an incentive to actually learn the material.
3.0 : Tough class, requires lots of time and brain power. He is cool but tough grader. Always picks same people to ask question to give bonus cards.
3.0 : The first week involves basic math and then you're done with the math part. There are a few open note/book exams which are easy. There are also 5-8 homework assignments which he gives 1-2 week to complete. Just show up to class, pay attention, and you will pass. P.S. sitting in the front row with get you called on every time
1.5 : I HATE THIS CLASS SO MUCH!!! I did not sign up for this!! I thought it was going to be an easy class considering it is a general education requirement but NO. It involves math which is so not needed. I hate it so much!!!! DO NOT TAKE.
3.0 : Nice professor and all; very willing to help. The main thing I dislike is the way he does his programs. These projects are very complex with no consideration to time and structure. It also gives no room for creativity since he tells you verbatim what he wants and only what he wants. Not everyone thinks the same way and this isn't how CS should work
3.5 : You won't enjoy human-like weekends if you take his class. His projects are difficult, mostly because of how he writes his specs. He sometimes gives ambiguous requirements, so analyzing his specs to see what he wants is a painful process. Aside from that, he's easily one of the best CS professors at GMU. Avoid if you have a heavy course load
3.0 : Professor Kauffmann was the creator of the assignments for my CS 310 Class, and they were way too difficult. We had 10 days for an assignment, and I spent approximately 60 hours on it. Also, 50% of your grade depends on test cases. It is an easy way to make sure all issues were addressed, however there were over 150 for each assignment.
4.0 : Homework was very difficult: super long and you have to follow his specs to the T. The midterm was also very hard: we had to write a short program in a short amount of time. It was open book, but the only way to prepare was to write lots of your own code for lots of different data structures. Personality: typical engineer. Good lecturer though.
4.0 : This is basically a show up class. Kauffman is very straightforward and humorous. A few quizzes, two papers, a final exam, and participation are your grade. If you skip lectures your grade will suffer so just come because it's usually just watching videos or doing exercises related to the quiz/final exam material. Should be an easy A or B.
4.5 : He essentially redefines the meaning of "hard" with his exams. Dr. Kauffman is a really good teacher, but his extremely difficult exams ruin the atmosphere of his course. If you value clarity in explanations over your GPA, he would be a perfect fit for you. Absolutely avoid if you're not a good test taker.
2.0 : Kauffman is a super hard grader and expects a LOT from his students, if you arent prepared to put in hours after hours into projects that you will most likely fail, do not take.
5.0 : Great professor. Go to class and listen up!
5.0 : It's a hard class and Kauffman makes it even harder. He's smart, kind, and helpful. 4proj(30%) 1midterm(30%) 1final(30%). The exams are open-resource, but it's mostly analytical. Projects were VERY long and complex. If you just want credit and value GPA, chose another prof. If you want real CS experience, take him.
4.5 : Very good at explaining concepts, especially when you ask a lot of questions. Tests are very tough and can make or break your grade. Going to his office hours helps A LOT when it comes to projects, he'll try to spend as much time helping you as he can. Projects are VERY difficult and time consuming, so you need to start them early. Overall hes okay
4.0 : A little bit snobbish and nerdy, but he's really passionate about CS and his lectures are amazing. He expects you to absorb all that he teaches and be able to apply it on homeworks and tests, but he'll make sure you do understand the material. Overall, a lot of work and brain power are required for his courses, but you'll get a lot out of them.
4.5 : Kauffman is fantastic! He's laid-back, quirky, and really passionate about what he teaches and he teaches it well. Don't be afraid to ask questions during class. Make sure to start those projects early and sit in the front (hot seats) to get those coveted "Kauffman Cards". This class has a midterm, final, and 4 major projects.
5.0 : Great teacher, interesting lectures. Loves the subject &amp; it shows. Fun, funny, nice, &amp; always happy to answer questions, even dumb ones. If you make the effort he'll go out of his way to help. This class may be challenging if you're new to CS, but he does everything he can to help you pass. Easy tests if you pay attention, &amp; do the work &amp; reading.
5.0 : Lectures consist of slidesdemos and thinkingwriting code with others (ungraded). EC for participation. 4 major projects that are very time consuming but helpful for gaining experience. Bulk of grade still comes from 2 exams, final was difficult with barely enough time to complete. Good lectures,Prof is very helpfulawesome, but says "root" weird.
5.0 : Professor Rising likes making the lectures  both interesting and relate-able, and she keeps her slides simple and to the point. She is a fair grader, and lets you know what she expects. Midterm was a take-home paper, which was nice. She's kind and is easily approachable. Would definitely take her class again. Past editions of the book are allowed.
5.0 : I love professor Rising! She is so smart and such a wonderful teacher. I worked hard in her class but she made it easy. I took her for nutrition throughout the lifecycle. I had to get the book (i got it online at chegg) because there are weekly discussion board posts but theyre easy and opinion based. Fair grader.
5.0 : I just think she is amazing. Take every class she offers. She is a super wonderful person and teacher. You get to go on field trips in her class and have awesome guest speakers. I got an A but I did work for it. She is knowledgable about the course material and has real life experience in the field.
5.0 : She's a very easy grader. Most of the assignments are about experiences so she tends to give full points just for voicing your opinion. Here are 4 mini quizzes of about 15-20 questions. One final paper at the end
5.0 : Pretty easy course. She is helpful. Dealing with different people for projects can be annoying but just do your work and read the book.
5.0 : Gave good advice on Public speaking. Class is fairly easy as long as you show up and try hard at it. Clearly knows what she's talking about and friendly to work with.
4.5 : Good class
5.0 : He is just amazing. one of the best professors ever.
2.0 : WARNING: I chose her b/c of all the good ratings she had received on this website. The 1st exam is take home plus 2 essays, the 2nd is a 50 multiple choice &amp; the 3rd is 2 essays, not including the final. There is no study guide. On exam 2 I studied the chapters &amp; powerpoints &amp; only half of the questions were related. I have been to every class.
4.5 : Great class!  Dr. Walker made the entire experience worthwhile. Would highly recommend.
4.0 : 2 take home tests, a final, and 10% class participation make up your grade. She didn't do plus/minus'. Her lectures are long and drawn out but have some opportunity for discussion. She's overall a nice lady and can't think of a single negative thing to say.
5.0 : She is the best instructor at mason. I m taking an online course with her and she is sooo helpful. Would love to take another course with her.
5.0 : She is the best.. Awesome professor, always willing to help her students. Very cooperative. Great lecture slides. As long as u do ur work, u must get atleast a B+..
5.0 : Took her 3 hr class on friday but she is so nice that class always ended early. Class only lasted for an hr or an hr and a half every friday. Only one group project for MBUS301. Skipped 5 classes, still ended up with an "A" Easy grader. Multiple choice exams. Study the definitions and youre good to go. Not much I can say but its an easy class.
3.5 : Professor Medlock is a really nice woman! She really cares about her students. She grades really easy, if you try, you will get an A. You dont need the book! She says to buy it, but trust me, we dont need it. There is a big group presentation, so look out for that. Its graded easily tho.
5.0 : Take her! So easy! Such a nice lady! U should get the textbook but i never did. I noticed a lot of people had it tho. I just looked at the ppts and got an A.
4.0 : She is such a nice woman and tries her best to make lectures interesting. Just show up to class to get attendance points, take the 2 easy exams, and pump out a mediocre group project and you'll get an A. Its a no brainer-take her for MSOM 301
5.0 : TAKE HER, TAKE HER, TAKE HERE,  NO RAGRETS
5.0 : Sweetest professor ever!! Definitely get the textbook b/c when you review for exams using her study guide, not everything can be found in the powerpoints. "Paper" is an easy A, group project is an easy A, exams are very straightforward (all MC) and mostly common sense. This class won't take up a lot of your time, but it's definitely worth it!
5.0 : Really enjoyed her class. She's such a sweet and kind woman. The class was pretty easy just show up to class and pay attention to the PowerPoints and you will get an A. Highly recommend. One of the best professors I've had at GMU
5.0 : Professor Medlock really cares about her students and wants them to do well. She always tries her best to make class interesting. Her class is so stress-free I looked forward to coming to class. There is a midterm, final, paper, and group presentation which all are easy. Study the powerpoints and you should do well. Take her )
5.0 : I took this class during the summer and I'm very glad I did, very stress free, participation is not really required as some people say, but attending every class is important to receive full points. I also definitely recommend getting the book to study for the two multiple choice exams, 1 group presentation. Take her, she is very caring and nice!!
4.0 : Show up to lectures for your "participation grade". exams aren't bad. review the slides and the guide. everything else (paper, group project) was the usual put in the time and you receive an A. this stuff is kinda common sense so you'll be fine.
5.0 : Prof Medlock is funny and keeps the lectures interesting. She gave study guides which are helpful for multiple choice exams. There's a group presentation and interview a manager that you have to do, but she is a reasonable grader so as long as you show that you that you try to learn, she is willing to assist you if needed.
4.5 : Professor Medlock is the best! Show up to class and take good notes and you'll pass with an A. Only one paper, one group project, mid-term, and final exam. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : She is a very funny and outgoing professor! Easy A class as long as you memorize study guides, and show up for attendance.
5.0 : There's one group project that's a cake walk with a half decent group, an interview a manager paper that's a free 100 for like 15% of your grade, and participation that's just show up to class and occasionally say something. The exams seem like they're easy, but they can be a little tough. Regardless, take this class with her!
4.5 : this class is a joke. if you dont get an 'A' idk what to tell you. shes an easy grader, participation matters btw.
5.0 : great
4.0 : David was a very helpful statistics teacher.  He cared about teaching the material well and wanted his students to do well.  He also helped if you asked.  The class was very hard for me, but I still got a B because of him.
5.0 : Best teacher in my two years I've been at Mason absolutely fantastic. I took him for psyc 100 and psyc 300 and he was very helpful. Highly recommended lets you drop and exam and an extremely chill dude.
5.0 : Great Professor! If you have to take PSYCH300 I would seriously recommend. No homework (other than lab), always posts a study guide prior to exam (that will allow you an A), very approachable. He is also hilarious, seriously was an enjoyable class!
5.0 : David was FANTASTIC!  I hate anything related to math, but he made stats very easy to understand. Gives pop quizzes so go to class. He's hilarious so you'll enjoy it.  Drops one of three exams.  Final exam is mandatory, but open note.  TAKE HIM!
5.0 : There are really no words to explain JUST how awesome this man is! This course is not the easiest material in the world, but he explains things until you get it, and somehow manages to make class SO much fun! He really cares, and as long as he see's effort, he's absolutely there for you.  If you can, by ALL means take his class!!!!
5.0 : I took this course in summer, and it was a bit fast-paced, and we didn't get through all of the material. David decided that anything we didn't cover in class should be either extra credit, or not be on the exam at all. Lectures were based on powerpoints he uploaded the night before class, and the powerpoints were very heavily based on the textbook
4.0 : I had a great time in the class but that could be because I'm particularly gregarious. If math isn't that hard for you then this should be really easy. Additionally he goes really slowly over the problems and is overall a really nice guy. I got over a 100%  because of how easy the whole thing is for me, but math is easy for me below Calc.
4.5 : David was really great at breaking down the concepts and showing us how to use SPSS. He is also just a very nice person and easy to approach if you have questions.
5.0 : Great professor! He has an excellent/clear way of teaching, even difficult material as statistics. He is patience and hilarious. All you need is to to attend his lab and do the homework.
4.5 : The class was a little dry but it is stats! He made it as bareable as possible. Very nice and very smart. I took the lab and it was a great supplement, I wouldn't of been able to get through the class without his help! Not a bad looking guy either ;)
3.5 : Yea the class is hard but he makes the lectures bearable with his jokes and goes out of his way to help you out. That being said this was a hard class and you really need to put alot of time, effort, and thought. start the assignments early. I did the java first and psudo second. try working together with smart students it helps
5.0 : He substituted for our regular professor last night, and all I can say is I wish I was in his section for the whole semester.  Very clear lecture wgood examples.
5.0 : Professor Pitts is a good professor, he is there to help. I learnt a lot from his lectures.  Glad that I passed this tough class. The exams were very hard, but are from the department.  The professor helped best he can by providing extra help for students prior the final.
3.0 : I HATED THIS COURSE. But Pitts is all right, is a bit snarky &amp; goes over more coding than concepts in the slides so ask him to balance. Does great exam review. He does the best he can w/ the terrible course curriculum &amp; does help a lot with going over homework and labs. To pass this class, do well on the labs &amp; homework they'll save your life
4.0 : He's a nice guy and will help you out if you ask. Lectures are mainly hands-on. Tries to direct you in the direction for content you should know for the exams, but they are still incredibly difficult. You will likely not even finish the written coding exam. The assignments will help you so make sure you try your best on them.
5.0 : Very difficult class. I took it multiple times. Dropped multiple times. For me, he was the best. Doesn't just talk about it, or read slides. He shows you how it works and why you need to do specific things. He says every teacher has a different style. His worked for me. Thank you so much.
5.0 : He tried to keep it light with jokes but the material is killer. #HardestClassEver. He held multiple study sessions after he saw how hard the final was. Can tell you you're gonna fail &amp; make you laugh. Then he chokes up a bit, so he's got a heart. I give an E for effort, but probably have to retake the class. At least I learned not to gamble.
3.5 : He was an okay professor to me. I didn't really learn or pick up much from his lectures. It was mostly on my own. He's pretty strict following department's policies. I basically focused on module or areas where I was weak it. Just make sure you do extremely well on mid-term &amp; final exam (weights 60%) of your final grade.
5.0 : Professor Pitts is the best! He made additional class on Saturday to prep us for the final and treated us pizza too. He has a kind heart and very smart. He will help you and give you a feedback. Oh man.. I'm just so glad I chose him for IT206. Thank you professor Pitts and wish you luck with everything!
5.0 : Professor Pitts is a great professor. His style of teaching really worked for me, and his explanation of his code as he was typing really helped me when I wrote mine. These other reviews are hating on him because of the class itself (the new IT 102 course) and shouldn't reflect his quality. Overall great professor, highly recommended for 206
5.0 : Pitts is an awesome professor. IT206 is a hard course but he makes it simple and more clear with his style of teaching. If I hadn't taken this course with professor Pitts I probably would have failed. He goes out if his way to prepare students for midterms and finals. I would recommend him for any database/programming major in the future. Goodluck!
5.0 : His gambling rants were hilarious! loved the story about how he was the 2nd biggest winner in a bus load of people and that he did it by simply not gambling. It was cool that he used probability to show us how the odds were against us. Glad I took his class.
4.5 : Sam is super chill. I've only had him for social psyc, but I would definitely take him again for other classes too. Lectures were always really interesting, and tests weren't bad at all. Participationquizzes DO matter though so if showing up to class isn't your thing, you won't do well.
5.0 : Sam is a really nice guy- very approachable and willing to help. The way some of the questions are worded on the tests can be tricky, but he gives you a study guide to fill out that gives you a really  clear idea about what to expect. If you put thorough effort into them you will get an A. Tests and quizzes are primarily on the powerpoints.
3.5 : Sam is a decent professor, social psych is not that exciting but he made it bearable. There were quizzes every other class and three exams and an optional final. Tests were pretty straightforward. I did enjoy the in class activities, that was always a treat. Otherwise it was a pretty chill class.
4.5 : I really enjoyed this class with Sam. He made everything pretty easy to understand by including activities and stories that made it easy to remember what we learned in class. He uses powerpoint and updates blackboard frequently. There are four tests given but only three count and if you're not understanding something he's happy to help! He's great!
5.0 : Extremely great, Sam is approachable from day one and makes an effort to connect with students. Although the class isn't very interesting, he does a great job making it fun. Show up to class, maybe participate a little, take some notes, and you'll be good.
5.0 : Sam is an amazing professor!He makes his lectures fun &amp; makes you look forward to going to class. He gives super easy quizzes every other class &amp; if you miss them it will greatly affect your grade, but go to class &amp; it's a easy 100%. 4 exams (straight from lectures)drops lowest grade. Very helpful &amp; responds to emails quickly. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Prof. Monfort was a great lecturer, he made things very easy to understand. Go to class, pay attention, take good notes, go to the review, and you'll do great.
5.0 : Sam is such a cool and laid back instructor. He knows what he's talking about in terms of content and teaches it well. That's tough to do seeing that the content is rather boring! His tests are straight forward but require effort and sufficient studying to do well. He's also very helpful and likes to see his students do well by addressing concerns!
4.5 : Sam is the most helpful TA I have ever had. He is really good at breaking down a concept for better understanding. He always responds to E-mails right away and genuinely cares about his students' success.
4.5 : Sam's class was awesome!  I was already interested in social psych, so this class was an easy A+ if you just show up and listen review his powerpoints. Definitely take him as a professor if you can, he's super relatable and sets you up for success. If you find the topic boring, guaranteed his looks will keep you awake.
4.5 : Pros: will respond to emails within hours if not seconds, always happy to work with you or answer questions, drops lowest test grade Cons: I feel with more lecture teaching experience he will get better but sometimes makes simple concepts more complicated, dr. hurley answered by question in 10 seconds when sam made it into a 5 min discussion.
3.0 : His lectures aren't the greatest but he tries to make the concepts interesting and relate-able. The tests aren't to hard and he does check to see which questions the majority misses and curves. Go to class and a solid C is almost guaranteed if not a B.
4.0 : A lot of work, but definitely my favorite class of the semester. Keep up with the readings (there's a lot but its all essential), go to lecture (Professor Gabriel is phenomenal with lectures), and take the class seriously and you'll be on point. Professor Gabriel is someone I would definitely take a class with again.
5.0 : Easy A! Don't skip class and you'll pass. Extremely short and easy exams, and 1 or 2 simple "pop quizzes" aka answer 1 question! Little written work that he grades fairly. Not the most interesting lecture or subject, but like I said before just come to class and you're set. Really nice guy in general.
5.0 : This professor although highly knowledgeable he is a stickler for due dates. I took his western Civilization history course. way too demanding for a 100 level course youw ould think it was 400 upper level course or something big thumbs down....
5.0 : To do well, you have to go to class. His powerpoints are bare, and he goes over a lot during the class. Each class you have discussioon questions to turn in about what you read. Also have a midterm/ final/ final paper. He is very nice!
4.5 : I payed attention in class, didn't really read.  I LOVED recitation however, I had it with Barth and he is very engaging.  You need to either read or pay attention. Don't rely on power points alone, just terms without info.  Got a 104 on midterm, stopped paying attention in class for second half of semester.  Recitation really saved my grade.
5.0 : Professor Gabriel is an amazing lecturer! He truly explains history like its a funny story. He is very very easy to listen to and stay engaged in what he is talking about. Its a lot of reading and he expects you to read ALL of it but the material is useful. Definitely go to class, lots of useful info in his lectures.
5.0 : I absolutely loved having Professor Cook as an instructor.  She is a hard grader and you will be writing a lot.  There were a few quizzes but no tests.  If writing isn't for you this is not your course.  You will have to work hard and she will push you but it will be worth it if you put in the effort. She is super helpful and gives great feedback.
4.0 : His engaging method of teaching helped me learn a lot. He likes when students participate. Assignments are clear (Access required) and he walks you thru examples in class, exam q's are directly from his ppts/lecture so no book needed + one easy paper. He even provides an excel spreadsheet to help you calculate your grade so you know what to expect.
5.0 : If every class was as well structured as this class the School of Management would be producing executive level employees for local businesses.  This class was a breathe of fresh air.
5.0 : An awesome teacher. Helpful and respectful for students. Great explains his lectures and provide all the resources to learn in his electronically.  Just Awesome.
4.0 : Textbook is not needed. Ye gives very nice lectures; it is evident that he puts a lot of effort into them. He's not lenient on grading because everything is in his Powerpoints or study guide. Don't mess up an easy class.
4.0 : Do the work and you should pass. No need for textbook but HW, few quizzes, and 2 exams. Study his powerpoints and do the study guide for tests. Participation matters in class so get ready to speak up. One of the better MIS professors.
4.5 : He's a great professor, and you can attend his office hours if you need help. Get ready to do a lot of excel homework, but they're all easy A's. His tests are a little wordy, but not too bad. Expected an A on the first exam, got a B+ instead. Overall, got an A in the class so really not too bad. It's pretty easy and his lectures go by fast.
4.0 : Lectures are quite detailed; he tries to incorporate humor into stale material. This is best taken online due to the easiness. Participate for extra points to your grade. He sends out a spreadsheet that allows you to predict your grade, which is super helpful. The 2nd part of the course includes Excel &amp; Access hw. There are 3 5-question quizzes.
4.0 : A good professor that makes a boring topic quite enjoyable. Lectures off the PowerPoints and goes though what you need to do on the homework step by step in class. The midterm and final can be difficult but are based off what he covers in the PowerPoints so there's no need to get the textbook. Just study the PowerPoints and do the HW you'll do well
2.5 : He's the type of teacher that tries to trick students and calls it teaching. He's not particularly helpful, especially on the excel assignments. He rushed through teaching the excel portion and is very particular in his grading. He's a nice guy, but for a course like this, he was unnecessarily tough. Teach, don't trick.
4.5 : Prof.  is very nice. He's specific on grading but that's good for students. Read all questions and instructions carefully if you wanna keep good grades. You should not start assignments few hours before deadlines cuz you think they'r easy. It's a fun course so far. No pressure on any exams or assigments.
4.5 : Professor Ye's grading criteria is tough, but he grades on a curve. My worst assignment was 95% and best was 100%. There is a curve on the midterm, possibly final too. He even posts a grade formula before the last quiz and final exam to help the students see where they are  standing in this class &amp; what they need to get on the final.
4.5 : Professor Ye made an incredibly dry topic easy and enjoyable. He puts an immense amount of time and effort into the class, and as such expects participation and feedback. He is very fair and professional, and helpful when you need it. One of the easier classes I've taken; put out the required effort and participate and you'll get an A.
4.0 : Easily one of the best professors at Mason. Show up for the lectures and you're good to go. Everything you need to know, he gives to you. Just study the info from the lectures and make sure to show up on days he goes over Excel and Access
5.0 : Awesome professor. Lectures are super fun, very few homework assignments (only 6), and only 2 tests. Make sure to attend class for the excel and database design assignments. Participation matters, so raise your hand to get some points. You don't need the textbook.
4.0 : Don't buy the textbook: you do not need it. Show up to class and participate when he asks questions, but class is really easy otherwise. Final &amp; midterm were multiple choice and non-cummulative. Gives six assignments that are annoying but easy and essentially boost your grade. He is an awesome professor who learns everyone's name and cares about u!
5.0 : He's a good professor. Two exams and six assignments (excel and access work). He's willing to help you if you have questions and really likes participation. The textbook is not necessary, just study his PPTs. He curved the midterm and also gave us a test bank for the final.
3.5 : Excellent lectures, that are relivent, visually pleasing, and informative. Assignments give good, practical, experience with excel and access. They also are heavily weighted so attendence is advised. Exams come right from lectures no surprises. I left having learned something.
5.0 : The class was very informative and enjoyable. Just attend a class regularly and study what Prof. Ye uploads. You will be fine. No need to buy textbook.
5.0 : PPT (don't get textbook). Had him for a 3 hour class and it was fun (uses videos and class activities). Grade cushioned with HW (6 total), participation, and quizzes. Lowest quiz dropped. Say 1 thing each class for participation points. Accessible and ready to help you. Tests are easy. Don't need to go to class. All info on PPT. Study them.
4.0 : Really great class and teacher. I enjoyed the class and learned a lot, as well. You have to participate in most every class. All the note are on blackboard but he elaborates on them in class. I would def. take Professor Ye again.     PS. he says to get the textbook but I did not once open it. Don't get it
4.0 : Prof Le, uses PowerPoint each class with funny videos to break up the boredom of lecture. Overall, he is a fantastic professor and highly recommended. Participation matters, not participating in class each week will make your overall grade suffer.  No need to buy the book. Only two tests and a bunch of homework assignments. Class is easy.
5.0 : I wish you have a wonderful holiday professor Ye. You are my best professor ever. All you need to get an A in this course are participating in class discussion, do hw, and review the slides for exam.
5.0 : All that is required from this class is: show up, participate, review study guides and powerpoints closely, and complete hw using the directions he posts.  There is a mid-term and final exam, 6 hw assignments (2 excel, 2 access, 2 others).
5.0 : Prof Robinson is an extremely powerful and intelligent woman. She is one of the best professors I have had at Mason and her 353 section was very intellectually stimulating. I thoroughly enjoyed her course. I would highly recommend her.
4.0 : I took her 131 class and enjoyed it much better. This class was all about group projects and group presentations. Not difficult, but boring to sit through everyone else. Regardless, I love Professor Robinson as a person. She's very kind and approachable. I would still take her again, but this class wasn't that great.
4.5 : She's one of the sweetest professors ever. She gives great feedback on your papers and is more than willing to help. She's very approachable and you can tell she really respects the students. There were a very papers, but they were short, interesting, and fun to do. She's a very interesting person. I'm taking her next semester and I can't wait.
5.0 : Amazing. Beautiful person. Wonderful teacher. Do not take this class unless you're prepared to be interested.
5.0 : Great professor. Wonderful class. I did not think I would enjoy it coming in, but the material turned out to be extremely applicable to my field of study. The class was not boring at all and really doable. I highly recommend Allison. She's a great person who &amp; cares more about your understanding of the material than whether or not you've met req's.
5.0 : Wonderful  teacher! High recommended this class if she has an open spot! As long as you do the work you will pass. I barley did any effort and got a B. She does check attendance though. Most of the time we are in groups and checked each others essays. If the class is nice she'll let you out early :)
5.0 : Great professor that goes out of his way to make sure every student fully understands the material. He's available to help you 24.7 and can explain a concept as simply as you need w.o. making you feel stupid. He's a brilliant guy with a quirky sense of humor (and he's hot) so class is great. One of the best professor at GMU, take him for sure!
5.0 : Aaron was by far one of the best TAs a student could have. He constantly strives to make students understand the material, and gives useful and practical examples. 10/10 Definitely take his class if you get the chance.
4.5 : Professor Stuvland really tries hard to make sure that everyone in the class understands his lessons. He's always available to talk to and get help from (through Facebook, Blackboard, and email). You need to study for his tests and actually understand the material to do well but they're not too hard.
4.0 : Stuvland is a pretty chill professor, though it's pretty clear that he is still new. He is always looking for student feedback. His lectures can get a little boring (he is a bit monotoned) and will go through slides quickly, though they always go online AFTER class. Go to class. The book isn't really needed, though the articles he shares are good.
4.5 : Interesting topics covered, and the lectures were very clear and helpful to the learning.
5.0 : His class was interesting because he went out of his way to find things outside the book. He is a professor that will explain things so clearly that unless your asleep you probably will understand what he means. I definitely would take another class with him.
5.0 : Struvland is honestly the only professor I've ever had who went through as much effort as he did to make sure we understood the topic, he actively pushed us every class to go to office hours he had facebook office hours on the class page the night before exam. He had reading quizzes at least once a week but the questions were off the online website
4.5 : He's a great professor, still getting the hang of things, but he's doing a good job. Quizzes every week, but review the website that comes with the book, and you'll be fine. Attendance is mandatory!! Tests are okay. Only issue is that he's slightly monotoned, which is totally not his fault, it just makes it hard to stay focused for long periods.
5.0 : This professor really reinvigorated my interest in politics. It's clear he is passionate and very knowledgeable about the subject. He tells you exactly what you need to know to understand the course material, and as long as you study the study guides you will do great on the tests! Also reading quizzes each week, he only takes your top 6 scores.
4.5 : he was an awesome teacher
4.0 : Barely went to class all semester but the textbook and powerpoints have all the information you need. If you go to lectures, be prepared for his monotone lecturing (he's a new professor).
4.0 : This freshman-level course was disproportionately difficult compared to other government freshman-level courses.  Grades do not reflect understanding of material. The multiple-choice questions on tests and quizzes are extremely nuanced and designed to test whether or not you memorized every line of the textbook rather than conceptual understanding.
5.0 : Amazing teacher for 103. He really cares about what we have to say but is also very intelligent so he will challenge you when you do state your opinion. Gives quizzes and tests but what else is new? If you actually read and stay on top of your work this class will be a breeze. 10/10 definitely recommend
5.0 : Professor Stuvland is a great government teacher. He is really passionate about the subject and knows what he is talking about. I know that politics is not also a fun topic, especially if you have a biased teacher, but he remained unbiased and taught the subject well. Definitely recommend his class.
5.0 : This was my second time taking GOVT 103. Taking it w/ Stuvland was the best decision. Not only does he really care about his students, but he makes understanding government easy. We have three tests and quizzes on readings, but that's to be expected. He's really nice and has a good sense of humor. I would recommend and take him again if I could!
5.0 : Stuvland is a great professor. He cares about his students, and genuinely wants you to succeed. He values student feedback, and always accessible for office hours. The material can be dry at times, but that is to be expected in a 101 course. He adds short videos that break up the monotony. He also has great shoes.
4.0 : Aaron Stuvland is a PHD candidate who was working on his dissertation when I took his Gov 103 course. Mr. Stuvland himself can attest to how 'boring' he can sound at times. Thanks to it being an election year the class had plenty of materiel as the Party primaries were essentially winding down and the conventions took place while the course met.
5.0 : One of the best professors hand down. I took him for a summer class and I honestly didn't even mind going to class because of how good the class was. He does give a lot of reading but they are good readings that you will enjoy. Going to class is mandatory but you're in college and you're paying, why would you skip?
4.0 : Professor Stuvland is a great professor, took him in the summer. I had to retake govt 103 and although there was some reading and studying he understand that most of us weren't govt majors and were seniors and needed to pass the class. Gave out the essay questions in advance which would be on tests. Essay response only had to be like two paragraphs
3.0 : One of the most irritating structures one will find in college. You're literally going to class to hear him talk about the 50-100 pages of reading you have each class, then you take tests on the readings, then you write a paper on the readings. A time-wasting review of basic high-school government.
2.0 : Stuvland comes off as standoffish, sometimes unreachable but he's actually a really awesome person. Often times he won't answer your question in class (he says "that's a really great question, let's save that for another time"), but during his office hours he is really good with explaining complex concepts. Just do the work, show up, participate.
5.0 : This class is not as hard as I expected it to be after reading all previous reviews. You have to be ready to work, otherwise, you will be struggling. However, great class, makes your brain work! Aaron is absolutely great. He is helpful, gives great feedback and always willing to help.  Do not buy the books, everything is available on BB for you.
3.0 : Do the discussion posts and study for exams and you will pass. Be prepared to do a lot of reading. Group discussions during class seemed like a filler from him actually lecturing the entire time, which I think the lecture may be more beneficial. Especially for those who struggle understanding the reading assignments.
5.0 : He was a great teacher! If you pay attention in class and participate, the reading will become clear. He made the class interesting and was funny. I would definitely take him again!
4.5 : Fantastic professor. The course was difficult, but Stuvland is willing to break down the material and clarify anything during group discussion, office hours, or email. His strict guideline to be clear and concise was a helpful skill to acquire. Lots of opportunities to participate in class and professor is always open to feedback. Take him!
5.0 : Very engaging professor. He is a fairly easy grader but will nail you if you don't proofread your papers. Engaging projects and in-class assignments and he will go out of his way to help you find a job. Definitely recommend.
4.5 : Good quality with teaching. My only issue with him, is he is a tough grader on papers for grammar.  He would mark things that were actually right as well. I took my paper to my English professor to prove it to myself. Long grader and very unorganized--watch your grades as he often writes one thing on your papers and another on BB.
4.5 : By far one of the best professors I have had at Mason. His lectures may be long and sometimes difficult to get through, but he makes sure you leave class with all of the necessary information. He is helpful in the future for resume and job help. His tests may seem difficult, but if you put in work you will do fine.
5.0 : Great professor. Lots of good stories and fun in-class exercises. Wish he taught other classes.
5.0 : Awesome class. His stories are amazing and it is clear he actually cares and wants his students to do well. He uses the Socratic method in class and it is pretty cool. I'd take him again if he was teaching anything else.
5.0 : Worth every positive rating he gets. Most approachable and easy going professor I've had. Helps you every step of the way and makes lectures more enjoyable with his stories and examples. A must take for Intelligence minors!
4.5 : My favorite professor so far at Mason! I took his Intelligence Analysis course and he kept me engaged throughout his 3 hour lecture. He's funny ( the corny kind, but still) and he is willing to help you anytime. He is very approachable and will get the quietest students to speak up. He helped me get an internship with the federal government too! :)
5.0 : Foster is a great professor, he is as engaging as he is funny. Get ready for some dad jokes that are actually hysterical. His time in the field makes him a great source for accurate information as it applies to intel. The material is pretty straightforward but you will never be bored. The only downside is that the waitlist is usually full.
5.0 : Take Foster. He makes complex material fun and easy to understand. Grading is based on 4 very short papers, a midterm, and a final. The papers are legitimately interesting and his tests don't feel like he's trying to trick you. He also offers tons of extra credit, so there is no reason to not get an A.
5.0 : One of Mason's best Crim/Intel professors. His class is not only useful academically and professionally, but he makes the material exciting and entertaining. He has a great sense of humor!
5.0 : Awesome professor. The only beneficial class I've ever taken at George Mason. Also the only class that has ever interested me thus far
5.0 : Amazing professor, definitely recommend!!
5.0 : One of the coolest professors I've had at Mason. Attendance and participation matter, but it's so worth it to go to class. The lectures are all super interesting and relevant and the assignments are never difficult but they're super fun to do. Two tests in the class, a midterm and a final. Some of the questions can be tricky so make sure you study!
5.0 : Foster was amazing, 1 of only 2 professors I've ever actually been able to pay attention to all semester. He is engaging and makes lectures interesting. The main grades are a few papers and a short, easy final. The papers are all short and they are interesting so they're not painful (and I hate papers!). The book is recommended, but not necessary.
5.0 : This cat cooler than an iceberg in a popsicle lounge. Funny too
5.0 : By far one of the very best professors at Mason. The class was interesting and is definitely a must-take for any Crim/Gov major. Only 4 super simple intel papers and then two tests.
5.0 : Foster is an AMAZING professor. If you have the chance to take him, you should definitely do it. He has a stutter, but it just gives you more time to write notes. Such a cool guy and easy to talk to/approach
5.0 : Dude he gave me a fidget spinner. What a champ. I'm glad I got to take his class. I learned a'lot. Good fun time. Enjoy retirement!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor at GMU. His lectures are engaging and hilarious. He has real world experience and provides great insight into the IC. Very approachable and eager to provide quality feedback. If you put in the effort he will help you succeed. You will write a lot, but the content is so engaging that the papers will fly by.
5.0 : If you take Crim 310 and don't take it with Foster, slap yourself. Great teacher. Has extensive knowledge in the field and makes every class worth the attendance. He likes participation and grades you. Three papers, two finals and overall very interesting assignments. He won't hand you an A but you'll want to work for it anyways. Awesome professor
5.0 : Professor Safner is very clear, eager to help, and respectful of his students. It is important to do the reading to do well in this course!
5.0 : Such a sweet lady. Class is beyond easy. A weekly response to a statement she gives you. 6 exams that are 3 points &amp; drop lowest one. Guest speaker every class and watch an episode of Parenthood every class. Class can be boring because its about families, but she tries to make it fun. Doesnt take attendance, wants to help you. Easy GPA booster
5.0 : JUST TAKE HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!COOLEST PROFESSOR I EVER HAD.
4.0 : Jake's a really cool instructor, he's funny and keeps things short, sweet, and to the point. he always provides access to his slides, he does grade for participation but most of the other stuff is so easy you should be able to make up for it. all exams are online! he's overall great, but his humor is not for everyone, don't be easily offended.
5.0 : Jake is not only a great professor but a friend to all. He's really chill, and actually will guide you through the class information. Exams are all online, and though he does take attendance, his class is really engaging. I will miss being in his class. Take him!
4.5 : He is perfect.  The class is super easy and his notes are really helpful.  Plus he's super funny and made me actually want to come to class.
5.0 : This a great class!  Please take it; it is a great opportunity to learn more about Cognitive Psychology.
5.0 : Jak is a wonderful teacher and an all-around good teacher. He is one of the few grad studentteachers I've had that 1) actually knew what they were talking about and 2) knew what they were doing as a teacher. Uses real-life examples, makes material easy to remember. Posts powerpoints and uses online exams. Take his class!!
4.5 : Great class! Jake is super helpful, and you learn a lot. Take his class if you can, it's definitely worth it!
5.0 : He knows his stuff and adds humor to engage your focus throughout lecture. He keeps it real.  Willing to clarify to further your understanding of the material.
5.0 : Attendance matters so go to class but you won't mind because he is HILARIOUS. makes the funniest jokes and the material is easy to understand. Everything including his test are online and he is an easy grader. Super chill take him!
5.0 : Jake is not only hilarious but he makes the class very engaging and he will make sure that you enjoy his class! I always looked forward to his class! His exams are all online &amp; he drops the lowest exam grade! I would highly suggest anyone to take him :)
5.0 : Jake is amazing! 3 exams online and the final is cumulative which is also online. He takes the three highest grades. Makes sure his students understand material. Mentored me with grad school advice, learned alot from the class. Take him!
5.0 : Jake is awesome! Easy and interesting class, very helpful, overall great teacher. Extremely friendly and gives great advice on grad school. I would definitely take him again! Attendance is mandatory, but it acts as a grade booster. Online tests, whats better than that? Take him to understand psychology and get an A! His looks help too ;)
4.0 : Not gonna lie, I didn't pay attention in class. All because he's kinda beautiful and wears these shirts where you can see his chest and woah, those skinny jeans. Plus he's on tinder!! He's super cool and willing to help and listen. I wish I had gone to class more that might have helped my grade a little.
5.0 : Jake is absolutely amazing, and like others have said, woah those tight jeans ;-) He's incredibly friendly, very helpful, all exams are online and take home. Very clear explanations. He makes class a lot of fun. Probably the only good GTA I ever had at Mason.
5.0 : Jake is the best instructor at Mason! He teaches the topic using every day examples that make it easy to grasp. He is also very clear about what he expects from you: come to class, participate, have fun, learn, and take the online exams. Very fun class and you learn a lot. He is also willing to help you outside of class with anything!
5.0 : Awesome professor! Wish I had more classes I needed that he taught! After dreading taking stats for two years, this was a breeze and I laughed a lot every class!
5.0 : Uses a ton of examples and makes sure to use examples that aren't boring or overused (i.e. robots, zombies, sex, drugs). Allows ample time for questions. Gives power points ahead of time. Very accessible via email. All around great guy.
5.0 : Jake is hands down the best college professor I have ever had. He makes coming to class fun and easy. Just take notes on his lectures and you should be fine! He makes what could've been a boring and hard math class fun and interesting. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN
5.0 : I really enjoyed the class. The Professor is very helpful and passionate. If you asked him a question via email, you can expect answers back from him within 30 minutes at most. He is very easy going and has a great sense of humor. I definitely recommend his classes.
3.5 : No book! :) He gives optional hw (do it!!). Take notes, ask questions, and he's easy to contact. Cheat sheets allowed, so put ALL formulas and imp't descriptions on there! Quizzes were easy if you review the examples in ppts and often on Blackboard. 3 exams. Cumulative final was trickier than 1st 2! Be aware and study harder for it! I liked him!
3.0 : Took his 5wk summer course last year. Funny guy (deadpan), knows his stuff, will explain until you get it. He likes participation. You definitely need to study and go to his lectures to pass this class. He posts tons of resources on BB so he wants you to do well but must meet him half way. Wears blue button-down and jeans every class without fail
5.0 : This is an easy class if you STUDY, plain and simple.  He gives you all material you need to earn an A (the book is not necessary).  Do the homeworks a few times, attend class and PAY ATTENTION.  Its not that hard!
4.5 : TAKE HIM FOR OM 301. 4 PAGES OF CHEAT SHEET. EASIEST professor. No book.  No mandatory HW. Most quizzes are online and easy. Go to lecture and take really good notes.    All of his HW are posted on blackboard with solutions, so practice these, then prepare your cheat sheet. He will curve after the final, and does award extra credits for attendance.
3.5 : Class was fairly easy until final, which was completely out of left field in terms of difficulty relative to the rest of the class. Be careful.
4.5 : Awesome professor. He is very passionate about operations management, so he will not dumb down the material. You're allowed to use cheat sheets for his exams but you still need to study b/c his test are tricky! and the final is brutal. But if you go to his office hours, attend class, email him, and show him that you care. You will do well.
5.0 : My favorite professor in all my years in school! I wouldn't call the class easy. The professor can explain very complicated topics such that even a 5 year old understands. However, it requires a lot of individual effort. Exam seemed harder due to only 2hour time but I feel all the topics had been covered in class.
5.0 : The best Professor. HW are posted on blackboard, You better do it even tho its not mandatory. take a good note from classes. DO NOT miss class. don't need book.
5.0 : He is a very funny person and makes class enjoyable. He responds emails lightning fast (replies in 2 minutes usually)The first 2 exams were OK, but the final was pretty tough.
5.0 : He is hilarious and loves what he does.  The class is highly entertaining and he answers email instantly.  I agree with the others though, the final was very hard and nothing like the mid-terms!
5.0 : Ioannis is an awesome professor. He has huge passion for what he does which is really refreshing. Definitely the my favorite professor I've had at Mason. He can also be pretty hilarious. First class I may actually miss a little. DO NOT buy the textbook.
5.0 : Professor Bellos is by far the best professor I have had at GMU. The class is not easy. There are a lot of formulas and concepts, he made everything crystal clear, very easy to understand. He gives a lot of extra credit opportunities on quizzes. Studying is needed to pass. He truly cares about his students. He makes himself available at any time.
5.0 : An exemplary professor. OM 303 can be a bit intimidating but Dr. Bellos made it as fun and interactive as it could be. Attend class, ask questions, do the homework, take good notes, and do not miss a single lecture. Tests are fair, as we have covered everything in class. Pay attention to the method calculations! Dr. Bellos cares. You must care too!
4.0 : Nice guy and made a 3 hour summer class bearable. 90% of your grade is based on the 3 exams, so you must do well in all 3 in order to do well in his class. The final exam was difficult, tricky, and cumulative. You must be an expert in all the materials. He doesn't want students to fail his class but it's pretty difficult to get a solid A.
5.0 : Excellent professor.  He makes me seriously consider turning OM into my major.  He uploads everything, including what he writes to explain certain concepts, so you only have to take very few notes, if any.  Exams are generally easy-ish/do-able but have a couple tricky and frustrating questions.  All things considered, I highly recommend.
2.0 : Oh my... I usually get all A's and got a B- in this course because I was just lost. He tries to keep it simple but it just makes it more confusing! I found myself trying to fill in the blanks from the slides used in lecture. The exams were so hard to understand what he was asking for. I regret taking it with him :(
4.5 : Yannis is a fun professor with a heavy greek accent who is passionate about his field. He provides all of the many formulas, so you only have to know how the variables interact. Know the concepts and read the questions carefully. He is very helpful, and the quizes aren't tough. Go to class and you'll do well.
4.5 : Class is very easy if you actually show up and look at his notes. Midterm and Final 80%, rest is attendance. Exams come straight from the notes, and he provides a "study guide" telling you what you need to know. Decent guy with some good stories; I'd take him again.
5.0 : Love his classes. He is pretty easy going and funny. You only have 2  tests, but he does offer extra credit to those who do not do well (not many points though). You don't have to show up for class, I never did. Everything is on blackboard, and he tells you what is on the test. Just show up for the test. Never used book at all for his class.
5.0 : Lectures consist of PowerPoints based on the assigned chapter and are supplemented with his experiences from his career and current news that relates to the topic. He is very high ranking in law enforcement so is credible as credible can be. Took attendance maybe 3 or 4 times. Midterm + Final (non-cumulative) + extra credit. Funny + early releases!
4.0 : Has a couple of guest speakers to mix it up a bit. GET THE TEXTBOOK!! gives power points ahead of time. Definitely has a sense of humor. Participate or the class will go on forever.
5.0 : I liked this class. He makes class interesting, throwing in stories from his experiences in the work field. We got to leave early most of the times which was awesome. His tests are easy if you do the study guide and study it. You need to be in class for the times that he does group exercises which he counts for participation points.
5.0 : Professor Klugh is a great professor! Show up to his class and pay attention and read the book and you will cruise to an A grade. Unfortunately the topic of ethics isn't really exciting, but Klugh makes it interesting and bearable. He was part of the Fairfax Police Department and is extremely knowledgeable in his field. He had great guest speakers.
5.0 : She now goes by Kimberly Rule. I disagree with the last post. Agree with the way she talks. But I actually thought her lectures are very interesting, she uses actual photos, videos, props to make it fun. Material is super interesting, I loved this class. If you study, you'll do well. 2 Quizes, mid, final, extra credit. She is super nice too!
2.5 : I really hated this class. She taught like a high school teacher which is a bit unnecessary in a 200 level class. Her teaching style was slow. She took breaks during class even when the class said no, just to check her email/phone. Exams were easy, lectures were repetitive and boring. I liked the material, just not the way it was presented.
1.5 : 1. She wasn't always professional, often involved her personal life. 2. Material was loosely covered &amp; she mainly lectured on generalities, occasionally drawing participation &amp; discussion. I learned almost nothing new. End of the semester was spent working on projects &amp; hearing guest spkrs. 3. She ignored or responded late to many students' emails.
4.0 : Professor Struss is very kind and cares about her students. Show up for class or your grade will be severely lowered. I didn't learn anything profound, but it was enjoyable and super easy. "Be creative"
4.5 : One of the better professors I've had.  I took her for two courses in the same semester and always looked forward to her class.  Most of the grades comes from essays or journals, so there isn't a lot of reason to read.  Her feedback on papers was always very helpful and she is willing to go out of her way to help you if she can tell you are trying.
5.0 : I cannot say enough about Dr. Struss! Her insight and thoughtfulness that she pours into every lecture is clearly evident. She has a deep understanding of the material but explains it at a level in which you can understand. You can approach her with any problem - and not just about the class. If I could take her class again and again I would!!!
4.5 : She is fantastic. I had a huge family crisis during finals week and she was so understanding and helpful in my situation; she really cares. Basically, go to class and you'll be fine. She doesn't ask for a whole lot of strenuous work. You can tell shes's very knowledgeable and really loves this field
5.0 : Amazing professor. Loved every minute I spent in her class. Would take again
5.0 : definitely recommend professor wooditich... take her class if you can
5.0 : best teacher ever!!! really helpful and cares about her students.
4.0 : Really sweet lady but sometimes has difficulty in explaining assignments clearly. Pay attention to outlines and the class is very easy. She also answers emails and grades speeches super fast, which is awesome!
3.5 : If you want an A in comm 100 take her, just do all the assignments and go to class. Most of the assignments are just participation and you get 100% for doing them. She is a very nice person, but just grew up in a different country and sometimes(a lot of the time) its hard to understand what she's saying. But, it is a easy A.
4.5 : Her grading is easy. The online quizzes are easy and sometimes you might forget to do it, but it doesn't effect your grade as much. There isn't any in class quizzes and for a gen ed class it is pretty easy.
2.5 : She is a nice person but a bad professor. She will often make an assignment due the day of when you're supposed to learn what to put on the assignment. Her grading scale is bogus in which she will take off .35 of a point because of whatever it was that didn't exactly match the format. Just do the assignments and follow every format to the T.
5.0 : Ms Tong is organized and approachable. She answers emails and grades very quickly. There are a lot of assignments and sometimes you may miss a few, but it doesn't hurt your grade too much.  So many classes were cancelled because of heavy snow so the schedule was a bit weird and not enough time was given to prepare. Overall a good class.
3.5 : She is a nice professor but is hard to understand at times.  There is a lot of busy work and the lectures are very boring, especially if you do the guided reading notes (highly recommended for the final).  The speeches were pretty self-explanatory but required a lot of work and sometimes not enough time was given to prepare.  Overall an easy class
4.5 : A nice professor and an easy class. While you should do homework and study for exams.
5.0 : Want to pass comm100 with a really good grade, take this professor. Show up to every class, do all assignments and you shall receive an A, B at the lowest. I never studied ever, even the speeches I didn't take the time to do correctly but she was a really easy grader. My speech skills sucked, never made eye contact but I passed with flying colors.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor! Her powerpoints are very helpful and make up the exams. The review sessions are very helpful, but come prepared with questions. She really explains things in a way that sticks. I also had her for lab which was great. She took the time to get to know you, making the class closer and more fun. Recommend overall!
2.5 : She explains things well but to be honest she does not care if you understand or not. She will continue on and grade tests really hard and fast just so she can get it over with. She makes lots of mistakes when grading. She never gives out helpful study guides, she may be nice but she is not the most caring professor. She gets annoyed of questions.
3.5 : Dr. Castilla is very knowledgeable. Her classes consist of lectures which you have to make sure you understand if not you will not do well on the exams. She teaches one way and asks questions in a way where you really have to know the material to get it right. Like other reviews say, reviewing her ppts about 2-3 times is a must!
5.0 : She is passionate about women's health. Exams are open book and based on book. 10 unannounced quizzes in class( some are easy essay questions based on opinion and one page others are based on book and multiple choice) so go to class. drops 3 lowest quiz grades. Incorporated lots of guest lectures which was awesome, learned a lot.
5.0 : Out of my 4 years at Mason, Professor Griesse is hands down the best professor I've had. There are 10 quizzes/short writings but she drops 3 of them. So it's okay to miss a class here and there. Her exams are open note. She doesn't do boring lectures...she teaches along with very interactive activities. Definitely take her if you have the chance!
5.0 : Good teacher that makes class interesting by adding technology and current news and celebrity stories into her lessons
5.0 : She is so nice. Young but helpful. Her lectures are really interesting. A lot of readings but not very long and topics are various. I don't think she is a tough grader. I got high scores for all essays. Participation is required but it is fine if you don't have sth to share. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : Professor Kerfoot is a great professor. 3 essays, but you can revise the first 2 to get a higher grade. BTW she is kinda hot! She expects you to be in class and attendance counts in participation. Easy A, fun essays, life skills, and great professor. This semester she cancels all Friday classes, and she cancels like 5 classes a semester for reasons
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors I've had at Mason. The class was straightforward - as long as you follow the syllabus you'll do well. She had 4 essays with the first 3 allowing for revisions. Some homework assignments based off of the readings (small books). Attendance was mandatory, but participation was not. HIGHLY recommend!!
5.0 : I took her for ENGH302- Business Section and overall she's a very chill professor. The assignments consist of:  A handful of 3-4 question HW's on readings.  Creating a Website assignment Bibliography Research Proposal Final Research Paper   She's not too tough on grading and allows you to make revisions. Eaaaaasssyyyy A.
5.0 : Professor K was the best English professor I have ever had. She is very nice, but don't take her lightly.  There is a total  of 4 essays  that are the bulk of your grade. First essay i didn't do too well because  I took her lightly , but she lets you revise, and the revised grade replaces the original. Go to class and you will do well.
5.0 : Highly recommend her. She's young and refreshing, so lectures are never dull. Definitely not a tough grader, and allows many revisions.
4.5 : Professor K is super nice and really chill! She's really helpful and will give you feedback before you turn in papers if you want it.  The class is mostly discussion based so you have to go but it's interesting and worth going to.
3.5 : Amazing teacher who connects really well with her students but attendance does matter. Not too many assignments and is somewhat a tough grader BUT gives you a second chance to revise every paper after she has graded a first time and given her feedback. That part was a lifesaver! I would most definitely recommend taking her class.
4.5 : Professor K is super chill and her classes are fun. There are two essays, but she lets you revise them and takes the higher grade of the two. As long as you show up to class and do the work, it is an easy A.
5.0 : One of the most genuine and caring professors at GMU. Engaging lectures, allows revisions if you receive a bad grade on papers, won't force you to present in class if you are afraid of public speaking, provides extra credit, great at communication via email. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : 4 Papers, she allows revisions on the first 2. She has peer review in class, she let us out early a lot. She lets you miss 2 classes. She also cancels class. Easy A! Has homework which is very easy to complete. The entire class period I didn't pay attention I did homework for other classes and still passed! Very easy and caring teacher!!!
5.0 : highly highly recommend prof k!!! as long as you do your work and attend classes, you will get A. extra credit and revisions are also available. And, she is one of the very few professors who understand life of college students. so take her if you can!
3.5 : He assigns really short papers but expects a lot out of them. He is extremely detailed in his feedback, and really cares about his students. I participated a lot but didn't get the grades I wanted on the papers. I still got an A- though. 4 Mini Exams that should be 100s  if you pay attention and take notes
5.0 : Half of life is just showing up and Lebovic teaches to this principle. Show up, pay attention, and you can rely heavily on your notes for tests, midterms, and essays. The books were helpful but lectures were better. Brilliant man - understanding and engaging. Recommend 100x over.
4.5 : This professor's lectures are a breath of fresh air. They are always very interesting. He is also very kind, helpful, and respectful towards his students. But he still expects his students to put forth the effort. This is shown on how he grades papers and quizzes. He is a bit of a tough grader, but he offers good, clear, and direct feedback.
4.5 : Professor Lebovic was probably one of the best professors I've had at Mason. His lectures are intense, and you really get a great understanding of the social history of the Cold War. He assigns a lot of readings, but they all really help you understand the lectures. Participation is a must, and he is provides great discussion about the topic.
5.0 : One of the most intense lecturers I have ever had. Expect a mountain of reading. Tests were intense, papers doubly so. This class is not for the feint of heart nor the lazy. If you are willing to put in the work, you will be rewarded with one of the most rewarding classes you will take in your college career.
5.0 : Not an easy grader, but if you take him for the intellectual pursuit, he is one of the most rewarding professors at our school. Few will make you think more about the consequences of certain macroeconomic and foreign policies.
4.0 : He's all around a great professor, really funny and is self-aware of his classroom's atmosphere (i.e. bored, intrigued). Always open to suggestions pertaining to course material. Also get to watch movies which is a plus.
5.0 : His lecturesrecitation were really great. He keeps the class interested and makes sure you fully understand the information. He's funny, engaging, and smart. However, he's a hard grader. he'll make you work for your grade - especially when it comes to essays. He'll make you think. But he's very helpful and approachable!
3.5 : Lebovic is a very likable guy, and his humor is amazing. If you like accents, you'll LOVE him. However, he's a very tough grader when it comes to papers, so don't expect an easy A in the class. He also assigns a lot of readings that are essential for passing the class. However, lectures are very interesting, and he keeps things interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Hattery is an amazing professor and really knows her material. The class requires quite a bit of writing, but it is so worth it. I wish I had the opportunity to take another course.
5.0 : This chick is AWESOME! Not only is she hilarious, brilliant, and extremely nice, but she's also super cute! You can tell that she's interested and passionate about what she's teaching, which makes you interested in it too. If you have the opportunity to take her class, DO IT!! She's my favorite professor so far :)
5.0 : She's a great professor! Really nice and ready to help you. Honestly, you just have to go to class, take notes and pay attention and do the reading(which are discussed in class and there are pop quizzes on the readings). The test are very straight forward and she doesn't try to trick you.  I HIGHLY recommend. One of my favorite professors!
5.0 : She's adorable &amp; it's a light &amp; fun class. She focuses on Genesis and the Gospels mainly. You have to write 3 of 4 papers, 2-3 pages, really easy. Typical night of homework is just reading and be ready for optional discussion or for a "pop" quiz (she usually hints when you'll have a quiz). Easy grader, always willing to give feedback.
2.5 : Average professor. Times where you want to be there and times where you don't. Gives readings and sometimes gives a pop quiz on the reading so make sure you go to class just in case. Kinda opinionated at times but holds her tongue when someone challenges her theory (that much is evident). Good professor and no exams.
5.0 : Professor Jill Hicks-Keeton is a wonderful instructor. I took it for a Lit course. Took it randomly, but I sure am glad that I took it.  The course is not heavy on tests and exams. As long as you read the assigned readings and participate in class you are good to go. A nice break from the courses that are crazy on testing students with 45 exams.
5.0 : Great class to boost your gpa. There are no tests but there are lot of reading check quizzes so read the material. She's a picky grader when it comes to the three short papers, but she gives you a chance to take it to the writing center and make it better. She is very helpful and will give you help and guidance if you need it.
5.0 : First of all, the hottest professor at Mason. Class isn't hard if you just take notes, study the notes and read the readings for the "quizzes", which are equivalent to exams. Notes are confusing but write side-notes as she puts them up. Participate and give detail in essay questions. Group project is easy. Must take
4.5 : First of all, she's smoking hot. The class is fun if you pay attention and do the reading. Easy A if you pay attention which isn't really hard because you can't take your eyes off of her.
4.5 : She is actually awesome! She makes this class much more interesting then I ever expected it to be.
3.5 : Good Professor, If you're trying to get religion out of the way
5.0 : No text, read articleswatch videos as assignments. Three tests, one paper (final), and one group project. Pop quizzes on readings. Easy work load. Her lectures are amazing and she appreciates participation. Do the readings, listen in class, take notes, and study a bit before an exam, you will pass easily. She is always accessible for help.
5.0 : Great Professor!
4.0 : Take if you have the choice. Tests are ok, assignments aren't tough. Projects can be time consuming.
4.0 : I took Data Science with Pang at Temple. Good class where you'll learn a lot. Although class isn't mandatory you will want to be there everyday. Tests are extremely easy, he basically gives you all the answers in a review session the class before. A bit of a thick accent so if you have a tough time understanding accents don't take his class.
5.0 : Amazing Prof. who goes above and beyond for his students. Lectures are clear and motivating with some funny mixed in. Take Berry if you get the opportunity!
4.5 : Expects a lot out of you, but you will learn a lot trying to get there
5.0 : Very respectful to students. He is very helpful on assignments, but definitly wants you to learn so he grades hard. But, your end of class grade is based on how you did compared to everyone else so it still works out in the end - Just work hard and ask for his help!!
4.5 : Joe is the man. writing lab reports is very tedious but if you follow his criteria and apply the comments he makes to your future reports you'll do great. definitely go to his office hours; he taught me more about physics than my actual lecture professor.
4.0 : Joe is definitely a good instructor.  He is accessible and there if you need it. Physics is difficult in general, and his final exam is difficult. However, he curves, and drops the lowest lab grade. A solid professor for a subject that is extremely difficult. Show up, apply yourself, and you'll be fine
5.0 : Great physics teacher
5.0 : Best TA ever. Nicest grading and very lenient.
4.0 : He's really chill for a lab instructor and I liked him. If you see him available for a lab section don't be afraid to take him.
4.5 : Great professor, he has a lot of knowledge about security. He's really quick to reply to emails and always willing to help. His lectures are interesting and worth attending. It's a pretty tough class and the assignments can seem hard, but it really isn't that bad. If I put more effort into it, I could have gotten an A.
5.0 : He knows his stuff and is dreamy!
1.0 : Extremely rude teacher. Left a very unprofessional announcement claiming the students in the course wanted the material "spoon-fed" to them and weren't acting like 400-level students, when it was pointed out the material in the quizzes did not match up to the material in the lectures or powerpoints. We were told to "just Google it." Learn to teach.
5.0 : This prof got an unfair rating below.  The note he sent out actually said many other nice things.  I think this rating reflects a very lazy person who expects an A for doing nothing.
5.0 : I am taking 462 now too.  I reread the note after seeing the terrible rating below.  I disagree with the "awful" rating.  I found the note to be motivational and it inspired me to work harder.   I have taken classes with this prof before and he is the best in the program - ignore that rating.
5.0 : A friend told me that this prof got bashed here so I wanted to comment to support him.  I have known him for 2 years. He is consistently the one person who has helped me in he program and helped me in my career development.  I took 462 with him last Summer and this POOR rating is way off base.  The profs in INFS just want you to work hard.  Simple.
5.0 : Professor Winston is the best professor in the security department.  He won't let you fail, and is very easy to communicate with.  Tests are kind of tough and the HW assignments are too specific but not his fault because Lyons makes them.  Sign up for his class, and go to the lectures because his teaching style makes the class very interesting.
5.0 : Professor Winston is an amazing professor to have; he is knowledgeable and shows that in his teachings and lectures. I don't understand the people leaving horrible reviews. Come to his class, listen to his lectures, if you have questions, email him - he is quick to reply and fixes mistakes (if any). I would take all classes with him if I could!
5.0 : Great class, excellent professor.
5.0 : Great professor. The tests and quizzes are the same across the section and are done by Lyons so no difference there. Winston is the best professor in the security concentration so far.
5.0 : great guy, works with you, and his tests are reasonable. make sure you attend class for pop quizzes!
3.5 : Winston is a nice guy but he's not really good at running an online class. Plus, he just regurgitates all of Lyons' ppts, quizzes and tests which are very hard and not helpful. I would avoid him online if you can and take him in class. Also, unless you are interested in networking I would avoid this class altogether as an infosec concentration
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had in my 3 years at GMU. He is definitely the best professor for this particular course. He talks about his experiences in the field and lets you know what to expect in the field which is really helpful. He cares about his students and wants to help. Take Him!
5.0 : I took this course some time ago.  He is really great, helps you to understand infosec through practical examples.  There are quizzes though almost every class, and if you listen to lecture you will do fine.  He is the best professor in the INFS concentration by far.   It does not hurt that he is really attractive too.
1.0 : He did not provide enough info to complete the assignments.  I use a Mac and his instructions were PC specific -- it was painful
5.0 : I personally loved this course.  The rater below gave him all 1's but that is likely because this person had a C+ and expected an A.  I was happy with the thought required to complete the homework assignments.  And interestingly, he did address issues about MAC vs. PC issues.  Go with Winston - he is the best there.  Ignore rater below.
5.0 : OMG he is soo nice!!! How can somebody say something mean about him???!!  He helps everybody who at least tries!!!  He will bend over backwards for you!!  I know I should not say this but he has the nicest eyes!!!  I get lost in them when he talks to me!!!
5.0 : 369 is an interesting course but would be better with more hands on lab activities.  I really learned a lot, and this course is not like any of the other ones in the INFS or DTP concentrations.  I had many classes with Dr. Winston and like those I enjoyed this one a lot overall.
5.0 : Professor Winston is great professor and nice person, he likes to help students. He is the one of profs cares about students. Provides as many in class examples as he can. Provides detailed help in e-mails when asking for his help. Would highly recommend him.
5.0 : Professor Winston is good teacher very helpful. He likes to help students. He is the one of profs cares about students. Attendances are not mandatory but if you dont come class ,you will regret because his lectures are interested, it helps for exams . Take him , he is the best!!
5.0 : His lectures are very interesting, he relates a lot of the material to real life which makes it easy to follow. He will do his best to help you succeed and will answer emails typically fast. We didn't really used the text book much, just make sure you review the power points frequently and you should be fine, definitely recommend!
1.0 : Winston gave assignments that were very specific to PC users.  Those of us with Macs had no way of completing them!  He was unapproachable and did not address this issue when asked.
3.0 : Despite his relevant background, he did not seem particularly well prepared to teach this graduate course. Syllabus contained an obscene amount of reading, some which was excellent, but lectures were ad hoc and felt off the cuff. Nice guy, though, responsive to email, wants everyone to do well.
5.0 : I took this course with Dr. Winston last fall, under a different title, and found it to be one of the best classes I have taken in my graduate program at GMU.  There was no technology in the room and unlike every other class I took, thankfully there were no power point slides!  I think the world of this professor and his work in AIT 690.
5.0 : Dr. Winston does an excellent job and complainers here should consider the other security prof before saying the things they do.  He is at least still very active in the security industry so his lectures are always on point.
5.0 : I took this class and found the professor to be amazing.  Cannot say enough good things about Dr. Winston.  I took 223 and 462 with him and he is the best in IST.  Thank God he is managing at least half of the classes in the security concentration in BS IT program.
5.0 : He does not only teach the course material very well, but also provides a lot of outside knowledge which can help students get jobs in IT field. He makes you understand the material very well and knows a lot about security. Best security professor ever!!!
5.0 : Great class, always there for you. For a large university this prof will treat you like you actually matter.  Rare at GMU.
5.0 : I have really enjoyed this online class.
4.0 : A solid class with a very nice professor
5.0 : Difficult exams, but cool and laid back professor.  I liked him a lot.  I will take another course with him.
4.0 : I took his online class during summer. Grades consist of discussion boards, 3 homeworks and 2 exams. He is really "easy going". If you want to get this class over with and get a good grade then take him.
4.0 : He is so kind, respectful, and helpful. He tried to help me a lot. However, the material was so heavy, and his exams were too tough. They were neither from the lectures nor the textbook.
4.0 : Super lecture heavy. take advantage of the extra credit given. take notes to help retain the info (i copied word for word). his exams are tough. he curves them though so that helps a lot. stay for the quizzes since the questions are similar style to the exam. he doesn't reuse questions so don't bother. put in the time to review and you'll be okay
5.0 : This professor is a breath of fresh air for this  program.  Took 223 last year.  He is simply the best.  He is extremely attractive, friendly, helpful and gives an awesome lecture.  These three things make him wonderful to be around, and wonderful to sit in his class.  I just cannot say enough nice things about him!!
5.0 : Winston is awesome. one of the best IT professor Mason has.
5.0 : Prof. Winston is great instructor, his lectures are so interesting that you want to stay in his class and listen to him talk for 3hrs straight. Very Knowledgeable in the field, helpful, makes sure you understand the topic before moving on to the next one. His exams are not easy you have to study hard to get an A. Exams are Mixed MC, short answers.
5.0 : He is a awesome professor. If you have any problems, Just talk to him and he will work with you. You don't want to miss his class. Everything the earlier students have said is absolutely true.
5.0 : Professor Winston is awesome. TAKE HIM.
5.0 : The best professor in the security program at gmu highly recommend. 462 is all about self study especially the online session but it wasn't a difficult class.
1.0 : I would not recommend to take Dr. Winston, at least not for this course. He doesn't stand by what he says, tells you to study certain sections and gives you an exam that's on something completely different. This is a big deal since his exams are 30% each. Screwed up my GPA with this class, I regret taking it.
5.0 : So I took IT 369 with Dr. Winston this semester.  The course covers really difficult (for GMU's IT program) topics.  It is what I would expect for a upper-level course, and honestly I wish there were more difficult classes like this in the program.  He is very understanding and grades fairly, even when he knows he gives a really difficult exam.
4.5 : Very nice guy and knows EXACTLY what he is talking about. Best prof in the info security concentration so I highly suggest taking him rather than Bono!! Put in the effort and he will meet you half way!
5.0 : This Professor really knows his material. He works with Students and he really helps them out.  His Teaching method is one of the kind. He likes to give student real life example. Will Take this professor again for more security classes. One of the best
5.0 : Mr. Winston is awesome. He knows security and jobs in the security very well. He has to use all of Mr. Lyon's stuff so that is why the class is so hard. Mr. Winston will help you as much as he can but the class overall is very tough. He even helped on our Resumes! Great guy overall and I would highly recommend. Tests and homework are all lyons tho.
4.0 : Grades come primarily from HW and attendance/participation so do them. Provides food for class. No need to understand Chinese so don't let that scare you. Overall course was relatively easy and quite relaxing, she's a very nice professor and tries her best to help you understand. Has an accent so you might miss what she says sometimes though.
5.0 : Great teacher. Very sweet and kind hearted and wants to help everyone. She was my recitation teacher and was gave quizzes every class but we go over the material in class before we get the quizzes and sometimes a question we worked is the quiz. But you still have to work and understand the material. A+++++
5.0 : I had her for Discrete Math (which is a confusing subject for a lot of people), and she is honestly one of the best professors I've had at GMU. She puts in so much extra effort that she doesn't have to in order to help her students understand the material (including in-depth feedback and accessible office hours). Great professor overall.
5.0 : Best math class professor EVER!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Professor Jensen is awesome! She is a talented and clear instructor who genuinely cares about her students. I wish more professors at GMU were like her, esp. in the math dept. Discrete Math is a tough subject, but it becomes much more understandable when she teaches it with relevant exampleshomework problems.
5.0 : Definitely the best professor I have ever had. She really cares for her students and makes sure you understand the material
5.0 : Homework is more difficult than the tests. She's very helpful at office hours, take the time to go to them. Do the homework and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Professor Jensen is probably one of the few professors that re-grades your homework. You can completely fail all of your homework assignment and she'll let you redo them by the end of the semester. Her tests' reflect her study guides and if you go to her office hours, she'll give you hints as to which are on the test.  Overall, she's the BEST.
5.0 : Everyone told me that MATH 125 would be really hard and i would fail it, but with Prof. Jensen it was the easiest. She is a wonderful teacher and exactly what the students need. She helps you with your homework and lets you re-do them also. Everyone in my class didn't get below a 90 on the tests. Take her during the summer and you will be thankful.
4.0 : Such a great professor! She genuinely cares that you do well. She puts notes online and has practice exams both of which are extremely helpful. She had lots of office hours and even came in on the weekend before the final to help. I was very worried about taking math and I ended up with an A as my final grade. I highly recommend taking her.
2.0 : I thought this class was going to be fairly easy. I was completely wrong. I am a senior with a 3.8 GPA and this class was a struggle. Boring LONG readings with reading responses. The entire class is a discussion and his tests are subjective. Your interpretation won't recieve credit, so make sure to attend class and write his opinion on the test.
4.0 : He basically gives answers to the essays verbatim during the end of his lectures as long as you listen. The readings are confusing, but I'm taking a phil class right now and he does a better job at interpreting than my phil prof. No books he gives you the reading online and is on your side, super cool dude
4.0 : I really enjoyed the way he ran this capstone course. It's a discussion based class so be prepared to read the discussion material and even though some topics are not light, they are very interesting and he makes them engaging. He also provides background information for each topic. Highly recommend and he cares about his students' opinions.
3.5 : Professor Scherer is a SMART man. GMU is lucky to have someone so intellectually stimulating. The reading is brutal but you do not need to do it all, show up to class and take the notes based on his lectures. Your exams will be heavily lecture based. Take detailed notes. I got a B+ from taking good notes. The course material is very enlightening.
5.0 : I really loved taking this class and I think professor Scherer is extremely helpful and talented. The class will involve lots of lively discussion and is very engaging.
5.0 : He is a good professor. He is not difficult at all. His lectures are boring discussions but the tests are easy.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class and professor!! He was funny and made boring material exciting! I recommend taking him if you have to take this class. He is a fair grader and the tests are really easy if you do the readings. You will benefit a lot from going to class, but he doesn't require you to be there. Love you Scherer!!!
5.0 : This class is amazing and so is Prof. Scherer! He says attendance is not mandatory but you need to go if you don't understand the readings. He is super helpful and always asks if anybody has questions. He really cares about his students and knows almost all of the names of the people in my class (130 students). Take this class with him!!!!! :)
5.0 : Lots of readings but if you show up and do the work, you wont have any problems. All tests were on blackboard so if you take good notes in class you'll do well.
5.0 : This prof. is awesome. The tests are easy and he teaches very well. Gives a lot of readings, but he makes them interesting and goes over them in class. Would recommend this teacher to everyone.
5.0 : He really knows his stuff, material is a little difficult to read because it is so wordy but he breaks it down in class and makes it easier to understand. Cool dude, really funny. No text book, just readings from bb
5.0 : Out of all the professors I have had at George Mason, Scherer is by far my favorite! He cares about his students and helps you out if you need it. If I was going into theory, I would never take a different teacher! If you go to class and take notes you will pass with flying colors.
5.0 : Scherer is a God!!
5.0 : BEST. TEACHER. EVER. PERIOD.
5.0 : He is so smart and so funny and so wonderful and so amazing
5.0 : He was a cool prof. Just started teaching again at Mason and seems like he never left. Easy class.
5.0 : Lots of readings online but if you do them you'll get a good grade. It's not a hard class.
3.0 : He has a potential to be great, the only problem is his powerpoint don't have actual notes. It's a discussion class and he tells the answers but doesn't post his answers up, so if your a visual and verbal learner id stay away. Good guy though. I just wish he'd put notes on his powerpoints and not questions he wants us to discuss.
3.0 : So much reading. Have to read to do online posting. He's good at clarifying the readings which is good. Usually class is interesting. Take tests online
2.0 : Paying attention is necessary - he is an all over the place lecturer who rants A LOT. Has gotten things blatantly wrong in lecture. Expectations for most readings is unclear, and grading feels incredibly arbitrary. Be sure to understand the basic ideas of all the authors for each exam. Essays are also nonsense, just parrot back what he says on exam
3.0 : This course was very difficult to understand and comprehend under Scherer. There is a ton of reading and his lectures consist of him rambling on about a bunch of different thoughts. His slides don't consist of notes and instead are more quote heavy and discussion based. No homework, only 3 grades in the entire course, all of which are exams.
3.0 : hes chill enough and it seems like hes passionate about the subject but struggles to get his point across sometimes. also a sidenote, his voice is like weirdly soothing and it kind of made me zone out????? id recommend recording lectures so you can go back when ur doing the study guide since you'll zone out during the actual lecture
2.5 : Lots of reading, and online discussion responses
5.0 : I love Scherer! He really gets into the course material. So if you want to pass the exams you need to show up for lecture because he basically tells you what the readings mean. Democratic Theory is philosophy for government majors.  Scherer does a great job of making you think
4.0 : His lectures were extremely interesting and the readings were fascinating. He's also a very fair grader.
4.0 : Scherer is passionate about philosophy and is able to relate it to students. However, he does repeat himself a lot (it does help solidify your understanding). His tests are wordy but doable. Exams are online. He gives great feedback, too. Lots of reading and in class participation. Still, he's caring and is able to explain complex ideas easily.
5.0 : She is super nice and always wants to hear the student's perspective. As long as you get to know her and come to class prepared you will do fine!
5.0 : Mostly blackboard discussions once a week. You provide citations. 1 paper on a vulnerable population that you must gather resources on. Then for final you must present your paper in a PowerPoint presentation and post it on blackboard for the other students to see.
5.0 : Really good professor.  I definitely learned a lot in NURS 434.  Very straightforward course structure.  Weekly discussion board posts.  1 paper at the end of the course.  Very fair on grading.  Very approachable by email.  Definitely recommend her anyday, no question.
4.5 : With each weekunit you have readings, lecture, discussions boards and quizes. There is also a paper due at the end of the 7 weeks. She outlined everything, was was easy to understand all directions. Do what you are asked to do and you'll pass. She grades easy with the paper too.
4.5 : I LOVE this instructor. She is very helpful and keeps the class interesting by using examples that you can relate to and by showing videos that catch your attention. The exams are quite difficult as there are only forty questions, so you must get almost all of them right to get a good grade. Overall, I recommend her.
4.5 : Emily was such a great professor! She was not only very understanding of my personal situation, but she was also a great lecturer. It was very obvious that she was not just concerned with blowing through the information, she genuinely was interested in whether or not the class was understanding the information she was presenting. Great experience!
4.5 : Such an awesome professor.  She really loves what she teaches and cares about her students.  In terms of grading, there's three tests (drops the lowest one), a final, a group project, and a written activity after each class.  The tests aren't that bad, but the group project with Georgia Tech... jeesh, what a terrible project.
5.0 : Emily is an amazing instructor.  Her lectures are engaging and expectations are clear. I would highly recommend her to fellow students!!!
5.0 : Professor P. is amazing! I couldn't have cared less about the course material beforehand, but she made it relevant and interesting! She's wonderful and as long as she can see that you're doing your best, you'll do well.
5.0 : The best professor I have had at GMU. She expects you to participate and use your critical thinking skills every class. You have to be prepared to read a lot but I loved the readings! Only three papers, one response every week--no midterm or final!
5.0 : This is the third class (FREN 310, FREN 417, FREN 418) I have had with Dr. P. She is the most incredible, accomplished, and inspirational professor I have had the honor of learning from at GMU. She will make you work but you actually learn something and accomplish a lot in a semester. I take her courses every opportunity I can.
5.0 : Honestly, she is the best professor I've had at Mason. She really cares for her students and is super accommodating in emergencies.  I would absolutely take a class from her again, if given the chance. She is one of those people who clearly loves their field and teaching about it; her passion is truly contagious.
5.0 : I loved her class. She focused on real topics like feminism, social class, gender, and other things in revolutionary France and related them to modern day life. She doesn't teach 122 like other professors do with plays, i really like how her class is discussion based. No final, 3 think papers and final discussion test. love her!
4.0 : Loved her, but hated the class. That's the fault of the department though. She's a great and caring professor, easy A.
5.0 : Amazing teacher filled with passion. Take her if you have the chance to.
5.0 : She's literally amazing and is my favorite teacher. She genuinely cares about her students and wants them all to pass. 15/10
4.5 : She is amazying. You WILL learn from her. She is so passionate about her topic and working hard is expected in her class. She will make you work hard during the semester but you will get out of the class with an extreme knowledge about the course. TAKE HER if you have the chance! She is a very good professor and GMU is very lucky to have her.
5.0 : Awesome professor, his lectures are a pleasure to go to
5.0 : Awesome class and he loves his job!
5.0 : A really fine teacher. Smart, kind, animated, fun. Takes a potentially dull subject (paleopathology) makes it come to life. Obviously, loves teaching. He's a rising star internationally in his field in anthropology. Very open. Gets along really well with students, but expects you to work hard.
4.5 : I dragged myself out of bed every morning he had lectures because they were THAT GOOD. Professor Klaus loves his work &amp; that shines through in all his teaching. He is incredibly knowledgable in the field, has realisticreasonable assessments, good (dry) humored, &amp; is a down-to-earth guy to top it off. Seriously, go register for one of his classes!
1.0 : I do not recommend him
5.0 : Amazing professor. Very knowledgable and passionate about topic. Would take again in a heartbeat
2.0 : This class was very unorganized; syllabus was vague. No one knew when assignments were due because they were always changed without students knowledge.  Professor NEVER answers emails. Exams were decent; all short answer with one essay at the end. No textbook, only pdfs. Be prepared to read a lot!! Class is more of a theories class.
4.5 : A pretty cool professor. His policies are fair and his grading is lenient, although he's difficult to get a hold of sometimes (he occasionally misses his office hours). His tests are very calm and relaxing. 4 of them, all multiple choice. He adds a few funny comments here and there, very easing when you're freaking out. Overall, 10/10. Do take him.
4.0 : Overall, I thought Klaus was a good teacher.  He's very helpful if you go to talk to him, but he's super busy... so sometimes that's hard.  He can come across as condescending, but I honestly don't think it's intentional.  The class was super interesting, but was a hard subject matter.  You have to read a lot, or will be lost.  I'd take him again.
4.5 : Definitely the best class I've taken and I'm not even an Anthropology major. His lectures were really interesting, he was engaging and passionate about the subject matter. Every class I'd learn something new, I loved this professor and loved this class.
5.0 : Professor Klaus is one of the best teachers that I have ever had. He was my professor for a Peru Study Abroad trip this past summer. It is evident that he is passionate about his work. He's funny, and he genuinely cares about his students. I would definitely take another class with him!
2.0 : Worst teacher I've ever had. Sure, he's easy for lower level anthro classes, but the most unorganized for anthro 330. He makes the exam stupidly hard. Puts in questions that we've never covered in class. You can't even find the info in the textbook either.  Exams are ridiculous and he gives quizzes the day after exams. Powerpoints aren't on BB
5.0 : I had no interest in Anthropology before this course, but Prof Klaus made it fascinating. The lectures are super interesting and made even better by his real-life experience in field work and his collection of fossils. Your grade is primarily just the four exams and one project, so you do have to be careful, but take good notes and you're fine.
5.0 : In my opinion, the best professor I have ever taken and probably will every have. There are times I consider attending his lectures because he is so passionate and fascinating. His tests are fair and he does not assign busy work. If you study right and understand the material you will do well. I would go so far as to say that it was life-changing
5.0 : Really cool professor! The subject matter is so interesting and if you go to class and read the textbook, you will do well on the tests.  He's pretty funny too, definitely take this class if you're interested in anthropology.
5.0 : Dr. Klaus is an amazing professor and he's passionate about what he does. There are pop quizzes, four exams, and one project for this class. Although this was an 100 level class, I found it to be pretty challenging. Overall, this class is a great choice to fulfill for your mason core non lab science.
5.0 : Makes the subject very interesting and usually has a funny story to tell about his career. Projects and reading/pop quizzes feel like they're a bit random, but the lecture material is very easy to follow.
5.0 : Took this class to fulfill a core requirement and ended up loving it much more than I expected. Professor Klaus has a great sense of humor and makes the class SO SO interesting and easy to understand. Tests and reading quizzes are very doable if you do the readings and study guides. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
5.0 : Extremely easy professor who gives very good lectures that stay on topic and are very clear.  Tests were a breeze even without studying as he gives guided notes and posts all the lectures on Black Board.  While you are supposed to use the textbook, everything is very doable without it.
4.0 : Professor Klaus loves his topic and job. His material is already interesting, but he makes it even more engaging with quick jokes and pure enthusiasm. Listen to me and everyone else on here, take this course, it was a fantastic class.
5.0 : Professor Klaus is an AMAZING guy - truly one of a kind. He is hilarious, and his lectures are super interesting! You have 3 tests and a non-cumulative final, and he provides a study guide and guided notes. There is one project and no homework other than reading the textbook (which is important since there are reading checks). I enjoyed the class!
5.0 : Great Teacher, class was easy. He' funny you regret taking him.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable, fun and helpful professor! Would love to take other classes with her.
5.0 : She is my inspiration. She is so young and is doing her Ph.D. She writes all over your papers and gives good feedback. Just make sure you come to class and participate. She was very open to changing things in class. We did a survey during middle of semester and asked for more group work and she made it happen. Oh and she is so funny.
5.0 : Pretty easy class. Not much different from other University 100 classes. The professor was really helpful. She made us meet her during office hours at least once, we got five points for it. The meeting was super chill and I got to learn so much from her so make sure you go. Email her if you have questions about any Mason stuff, she knows everyone.
5.0 : Fun class and good way to meet other freshmen. She forced us to bond by making us work together but it was pretty cool. If you have to take this class take it with her, it is so worthit.
4.5 : Hes a really cool and fun guy who really cares about what he is teaching. The class is extremely easy as long as you come to class. You dont really need the book, but it makes class discussion easier. I highly recommend this class and this prof. for a fun and stress free art credit.
4.5 : Too easy... What more info do you need? Go to class. Do the assignments. Easy A.
3.5 : Passionate about gaming industry. No lecture slides, not a very structuredorganized course. Weekly quizzes on lecture and readings if he remembers. Not always clear with assignment expectations. Develop games for midterm and final. Available to answer questions. Connects well with students. Easy A if you do assignments.
4.5 : Great teacher! Even though attendance isn't mandatory, you should never skip a language class unnecessarily. Very easy grader (mostly on completion). I love her!
5.0 : BEST ARABIC PROFESSOR HANDS DOWN! She knows exactly what she's talking about, very intelligent, easy-going, great personality!! She's always there to help! She made arabic easy for someone who didn't know arabic at all. You know she's a great teacher when in the 3rd week everyone in the class starts reading and speaking arabic!  TAKE HER !!!! :)
5.0 : I adore Dr. Rajab. :) As someone who has taken 4 other foreign languages, I know a top notch teacher when I see one &amp; honestly, Dr. Rajab is like a gift from God for Arabic learners. Arabic to begin with is not an easy language, but Dr. Rajab went above &amp; beyond to help me &amp; my peers learn &amp; appreciate the language. Simply amazing. #JAMILA #SHUKRAN
4.5 : Best Arabic teacher at Mason! You will not go wrong with having her as a teacher. Always provides tools to help you advance as a student of Arabic. If you pass ARAB 250 with her, why not just minor in it?
5.0 : She's the best ever. AMAZING lecturer
4.0 : This is class is not hard, it says to buy the book but honestly I didn't. Everything you need to know is in the slides you go over in class (plus she posts them). Quizzes are  info from the slides and the listening isn't hard. Just review the slides, listen to the assigned songs, and go to a concert.
4.5 : So she says the course requires the book but you don't really need it. It tells you the same things she puts on the slides you go over in class (she also posts the slides). Quizzes are easy as they come straight from the slides and then you have to see one concert.
4.0 : She is a great professor and her lectures are very interesting. I knew nothing about music but ended with an A. If you're looking to fulfill an art requirement I would recommend her. The class is very easy, 8 quizzes,1 paper, and the final. You also have to attend a jazz concert at school but it's very laid back &amp; fun.
5.0 : I took Mus107 to fulfill my Fine Arts credit and I'm glad I did. If you have any interest in jazz at all you go through all different styles and learn about some of the best artists. The quizzes are directly from the slides and not hard if you go to class. Class is interesting, workload is light, and Professor Purcell is very entertaining and nice.
5.0 : I've learned more from Dr. Purcell than any teacher I've ever studied under. I really respect that she expects you to work just as hard as she does, and it really pushes you to improve. She's also extremely supportive and gives great feedback. I'm not a music major, but she still treats me the same as all her other students. Love her!
5.0 : Dr. Purcell loves music and makes lectures very interactive through videos and her great piano playing. From someone who has no musical background, the she makes class doable. However, study for the quizzes, you either know the info or you don't. You can't guess with her quizzes.
5.0 : This class was pretty easy! The only grades were ten easy quizzes (two of which get dropped),  a short essay, and the final which is essentially just a compilation of her quizzes. All of her lectures are on blackboard so its very easy to skip just make sure you show up for the quizzes which she announces. Overall easy class and great professor!
5.0 : Easy class. Great,  very nice Professor. Took as art general education credit. Interesting topics. Attendance not mandatory. Study the power points and you'll get an A. Loved this class and would recommend to anyone.
4.5 : Took her for Jazz of Americas. Pretty easy, the final was a bit hard. do the extra credit. All around good teacher.
4.5 : very good
3.5 : He helped me a lot.
5.0 : no say anymore   it's perfect class  I want to hear this again
4.0 : what a good professor!
4.0 : He is very kind and funny professor :D I really like him!
4.0 : His feedback about paper is very kind and excellent.
4.5 : I like his class a lot. He is really funny. He gives us so many many assignments. it really helps us to have better English skills. but its too much.
5.0 : My professor is really warmhearted. He is a good counselor.
4.5 : He always try his best and wait for us.
4.5 : He gave me good advice. However it's hard to do everyday assignment.
4.0 : good lecture
3.5 : good
4.0 : kind, humorous, flexible sometimes strict.
4.5 : Professor Wilson did a great job of teaching a variety of students new skills needed for college.  He is patient, kind and firm, but always willing to listen and help.  He made a difficult class fun, and we all learned a lot.  Many of us want to take his classes next semester too.
4.5 : Professor Wilson is compassionate and cares about students. He always provides great examples, positive feedback on assignments and helps students.  We have all learned many new things from him. He appreciates our opinion and really knows how to teach global studies, NGOs and the conflicts they can cause. I would definitely recommend this class.
4.5 : Professor Wilson is a great and kind teacher.  He treats us like young academics and not students. He made a class on culture,  IR and Conflict interesting and introduced us to many new theories and articles.  He is very helpful and cares about the students and always provides feedback and extra assistance.
5.0 : I took a course in foreign policy. That is a salutary lesson for me.  Through this lecture, in particular, I could learn how to write paper. In addition, it was an excellent way to reach the foreign policy deeply. And it was quite interesting by harmonizing the foreign policy with IR theories and soft power, hard power, and smart power. Thanks :)
5.0 : It was very nice class for me. At first, i felt that reading materials and writing assignments were difficult and heavy for me. But not that much. It  was very helpful, also professor's feedback was the best advantage of this class.  If i have opportunity to take his class, I will choose without hesitation.
5.0 : I am appreciated to be taught by professor Wilson. He always tries to teach students with aspiring and fair attitude. We learn hard subject like foreign policy analysis easily. Even though sometimes we have much materials to read and write, it is helpful. In addition to this, when we turn in papers or give a presentation he gives us good feedback.
5.0 : Professor Wilson is a good example of a teacher who cares about his students and seems genuinely interested in teaching. That might sound like two of the most basic requirements for teaching, yet many professors don't have them. It was great studying under Professor Wilson. His grading was more than fair, and he's willing to help.
4.5 : The most impressed thing of his lecture was he always gives feedback to students after we submit the paper. I got learned a lot from him and if you take his course, you must have many chances to practice as an university student.
5.0 : He gave us kind feedbacks when we had a class or submitted assignments. It was a great help for me because if it was not, I must be frustrated to develop and study myself. So I felt very thankful for him. He is a excellent professor!!
5.0 : It was a great chance to learn many things! Thank you professor :) I want to take your class again..
5.0 : He gives excellent feedback which requires him to put more effort and time. I'm very grateful his endeavor.
5.0 : A professor who gives positive feedback that could help his students be motivated and do well in class.
5.0 : His class is very interesting and informative
4.5 : Very clear in what he expects. That can sometimes be a lot but his assignments never leave you feeling like you are wasting your time. He is exceptionally helpful with feedback and supportive with extra-curricular studiesopportunities.
4.5 : So helpful to learn the subject easily!
5.0 : Professor Wilson is very helpful to learn about Northeast Asia conflicts. And his class is so interesting because he made many routes for students. I want to take more lectures next semester if he returns to our school!
5.0 : An extremely insightful professor. Has great knowledge in the field of conflict analysis in North East Asia. Brought up a lot of information and ideas that no other professor would think about due to his vast experience in the field. Whilst serious and dedicated he also understands the needs of students and makes classes fun and interesting.
5.0 : I enjoyed this class and this lab instructor. I had her for Chem 211 &amp; Chem 212. She is helpful an respond to e.mails. She explains everything clearly before you start the lab. Overall, a great class!
5.0 : He was one of the most helpful teachers I've had as a student. Very easy A+ if you study enough which is likely 30 minutes a day it's very possible to cram in this class as I did quite a bit. Very very humorous so it was easy to follow him in class. Would take again!
5.0 : He actually teaches the material and goes over the labs, and he is HILARIOUS. He's also adorable
5.0 : Billy was incredibly helpful and incredibly passionate about the science he teaches. He made microbiology easier by being available and approachable and generally made the labs more fun.
3.0 : Holzer is a good teacher, but  I don't agree with his way of preparing the class during recitations. Homework is not mandatory, but your recitation grade is contingent on your ability to do the HW problems on the board. People wouldn't get called twice consecutively, and would end up skipping recitation and HW as a whole.
4.5 : He definitely pushes students to learn the core concepts very solidly. His projects are time consuming, but ultimately the best learning tool for the subject matter. He is always willing to help and has a serious passion for students learning the material. Not an easy class, but not too hard if you're willing to put in the work
4.5 : There are some thing that Prof. Holzer does that are good, and some thing that he does that are bad. For the good, he posts notes online and is quick to respond to any email questions that you send him. For the bad, his recitation is set up so you get called up to do homework on the board, which I don't like, and all his sections are early morning
4.0 : He was a good professor but the class itself was tough. He made the tests really fair and gave lots of partial credits. He gave out homework every day and it was 50% of our grade.
2.5 : Class was more difficult than it should be. Tests covered stuff not in the homework. Group projects are every week and are time consuming. Grading was unclear and the projects consisted of crazy problems that still don't make sense to me. He is a good teacher though.
4.0 : Great professor.  If you can follow along with what he is saying in lectures you'll do great.  The exam questions are fair and he asks questions to see if you know the material, does not try to trick you.
4.5 : His lectures are pretty clear and I did not need to rely on the textbook too much. Homework is optional, but it is  really there as a studying tool. The second half of the semester gets tougher, but if you go to him for help, he is there. I would definitely recommend and have him as a professor again.
4.0 : Lot of work, but if you come to class and do the homework the exams are fair.
5.0 : MTH213 itself is homework heavy, cuz all sections have recitations as part of the course. you will do homework problems from the book. GTA will be teaching/grading your recitations. As far as lectures are concerned, he is hands down one of the best lecturers. Tests are fair, he doesnt trick you, all test questions are similar to hw.
3.0 : Taking 315 with Holzer was a challenge. He is a good professor. Did the best he could to explain the concepts, but the nature of this class is just intense. I have never worked so hard for a class in my entire life. Homework every single day. But it was worth it!!!! Recommended if you are up for a challenge
5.0 : One of the nicest, most caring professors I've had the pleasure of taking math from. This is a hard class and he makes it possible to get a good grade if you put the effort in. There are such things as stupid questions but he never makes you feel as if you asked one. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Holzer is an amazing professor. I had him for Calc 2 and enjoyed him for that which is why I took him again for Linear Algebra. He makes the material a little easier to understand and his exams are reasonable. If you do miss class, or skip, he ALWAYS post his notes online. One of my favorite professors
4.5 : Almost all the students find him entertaining and interesting, although I got lost occasionally. His tests and grading are fair but does not always mark what you got wrong. He is very helpful if you are very specific. Would take again. Textbook's great.
4.5 : One of the best math professors I've had. He has very clear lectures, and somewhat of a funny guy. Exams are very fair. I messed up on the first one(my own fault) but recuperated on the second and the final. Homework is not mandatory, but recommended.  Do the homework, go to class, and you'll be fine. If you're lost, just ask for help! Great guy.
3.0 : Very tough grader. Homework grading is brutal and often returned for rework. The homework is unrelated to book. The homeworks are simply super hard.
5.0 : Dr. Wurie is by far the best professor I have had since I've been a student here. He really keeps class interesting by telling you stories of personal experiences which helps you learn the material better. He is very clear with what he is going to test you on and if you study and actually put effort into the class, you're guaranteed to pass!
4.0 : Take this class with her. Go to class to get info that is not included on the slides posted on BB. But even if you don't go, you will still be fine. I really appreciated that her tests were straight forward, not tricky. She's not boring in class either. I did not want to take this class but it ended up being my best class that semester.
5.0 : Simone is awesome! I took her for both Cross-Cultural and Cognitive this semester, and she is really cool. Tests are straight-forward and pretty easy. She knows her stuff. You have to write two papers, but she's not a hard grader. She actually cares more about her students learning than anything else. We also had an awesome guest speaker.
5.0 : She's the most chill professor I've ever seen in my life. Very small homework assignments occasionally which all help your grade, midterm and final consists of an SPSS portion and an online portion, both of which are easy if you pay attention in class. She gives a TON of extra credit, enough to bring you up a whole letter grade. Erchov is the best.
5.0 : She's a great teacher- super funny and down-to-earth. She cares about you getting good grades, and will help out in whatever way possible. She doesn't care about grades as much as she cares about you learning something. Show up, ask questions, and you'll do fine.
2.0 : Well-intentioned, but careless. There were many issues that could have been avoided with some care and attention to basic details. Common complaints were that she frequently ignored emails and didn't open homework and exams, instead accusing students of lying or not understanding a "simple due date." Lectures focus on basics, exams are much tougher
5.0 : Great Professor. Learned so much. Gives great feedback on papers and allows you to fix some of your mistakes. Really enjoyed his classes. He not only teaches writing he also teaches skills and tools for post-college success. Really cares about the students and fostering their potential. Make sure you do all the assignments and reading.
5.0 : Great and easy going guy. If you do what he tells you then it should be an easy A. He lets you correct each paper once i would suggest correcting each one
4.0 : Personality wise, he's a really cool guy. He's really relatable and his assignments aren't always just "busy work". The only thing is that he assigns a lot of reading and weekly quizzes that are hard to keep track of if you're swamped with other classes. Granted, they're not worth a lot of points, but it's still stressful.
5.0 : What makes Joe great is his ability to articulate. He is a great lecturer, great at explaining things. I appreciated that he stuck to the syllabus 100%, it made the course easy to follow. Assigns lots of readings, and there's lots of group discussion. Joe is consistent, personable, fair, and understanding. Take him if you can.
3.0 : Professor Killiany is a nice guy but a bad professor. He goes over things are not interesting. He also never lets anyone out early... he will keep you until the very last minute. Other than that- the class is ok.
5.0 : 350 characters is not enough to describe how amazing of a man Joe Killiany is. He keeps class extremely entertaining while being very funny and approachable. Even if you are 15 minutes late every class he welcome you with open arms and a smile. He made the class extremely easy and I didn't stress or worry about my grade. Fantastic class 88 gr8 m8!
5.0 : Great instructor.  Ready to offer explainations and feedback.
5.0 : Excellent teacher!  Well organized.  Teaches everything you need to know before he makes an assignment.  If you don't like your grade he will let you rewrite your paper, but you must see him to discuss your work before doing so.
5.0 : Many of the other comments here are representative of my experience with Killiany. If you have the opportunity to take him, go for it. You won't regret it. Honestly, one of the best English teachers I've ever had.
4.5 : If you're in either the Business or Engineering LLC, TAKE THIS CLASS.  Joe is a fantastic teacher and even better person.  If you're unfamiliar with writing argumentative papers, he introduces and explains it very well.  He always teaches to the very last minute, but at the same time has interesting lectures about the reading.
5.0 : Killiany is great. He truly cares about the students in his class. Killiany is a brilliant and cool guy and really makes you want to try hard and do well in the class. Class discussions are fun and engaging and I am thankful I was able to participate. You will not regret taking Killiany.
5.0 : Very hard class, but Prof. Johnson was wonderful!  She goes out of her ways to help her students! I learned to be a better presenter and writer.
5.0 : Love this class. Learned so much. Weekly Blog assignments, but she helps you get through them if you go to class. Very well organized. She's very helpful and wants all students to succeed, but you  have to do the work. Basic computer skills and a laptop are a must. Make sure you show up to class or you'll miss important how-to info.
5.0 : Erin Bush kept lectures interesting.  She knows her stuff and is there for you if you cant grasp the concepts being taught, take advantage of it. She expects you to do the reading and can tell if you havent.  She demonstrated patience with those students who were intimidated by technology.   Stick with her and you will be fine, glad I did.
5.0 : Don't think you can skip class and pass. Try and attend each class, you miss one class and you are already way behind. Read the assignments before class, pay attention to instructions on building your website. Do the proper research. Stay on top of your blog posts. Laptop is a must.
5.0 : Erin Bush is probably one of the best history professors at George Mason. Everything is on the syllabus and the class is taught crystal clear. The class does not require a laptop, but it is really helpful. Erin likes class participation and if you don't read get ready for pop quizzes. She is really understanding and grades fairly.
4.0 : Dr Jones is a great professor, but chem 251 is very hard. homework is %15 of your grade but it helps a lot. she's very helpful if you reach out but keep in mind that this is a very fast paced course and if you skip class or don't pay attention you will most likely struggle.
3.0 : She is nice and wants you to do well. However, her tests are hard and there is a lot of material. She does her best to help you understand but the lab portion will be the part that pulls your grade down due to all the long lab reports. She is a good professor to take, chem is just hard overall.
4.0 : Dr. Jones' lectures are amazing. You have to attend every lecture, but as long as you do that, understand the homework, and study before each test, the class will be manageable. The material isn't easy, but Dr. Jones does a good job at making sure all of her students understand the material.
5.0 : Sapling does not correspond to the exams, only the lecture powerpoints and sample problems do. Pay attention conceptually and know how to convert from nm to literally any other unit of measurement.
3.0 : good professor but tests are kinda hard. not super clear.
3.5 : Exams are hard, must attend class (she occasionally takes attendance and gives participation points), must do online homework, but she is very nice and helpful. Not an easy A, you must put in a lot of effort and work hard. I think I will end the class with a B. She is very knowledgeable and really knows a lot about chemistry.
5.0 : For sure the best teacher I've had at Mason yet, maybe one the best teachers I've ever had period. HATED chemistry in high school, really liked every minute of Chem 251 - mostly due to how good of a teacher she was.
4.0 : Very nice professor, always willing to answer questions in class and through email. The lectures were all accessible online Exams were long, and the multiple choice were hard (the short answer were mostly math if you understood the concepts). Always normalized class average to a C Not sure how my grade was calculated (no grades were entered online)
5.0 : She is a terrific professor.  The lectures were interesting and engaging, and the homework really helped gain an understanding of the material.   It's not an easy class, but she will go the extra mile to help you do well.
4.5 : I took her my freshman year and I have to say it wasn't easy but I learned alot whole in the class. She curves using a bell curve so it works out. My advice is to study hard and pay attention while doing the online hw it helps
1.0 : Horrible professor, unclear lectures, unhelpful review classes, test review worksheets focus on parts that aren't on the test much or at all. Not the hardest class ever but Professor Jones doesn't help make it easier.
4.5 : Great teacher. tests are really hard. I would say an average of 20 question of homework per week. don't get the textbook, she teaches everything well
4.5 : Lectures are mandatory to go to. She doesn't post anything to Blackboard. Honestly though, great teacher. She knows her stuff and is very good at explaining it. If you show up to every lecture, do the homework, study, and ask her questions, you'll be okay. One of the best, most knowledgeable professors I've had.
5.0 : Dr. Jones is a sincere and caring professor. I completely missed the actual final due to ADD and other issues, and she actually allowed me to take it a few days later. I am not sure many others would. Her lectures are interesting and engaging. What a fantastic person!
5.0 : Great prof! Classes were engaging and stimulating. She is passionate about the subject and welcomes questions and discussion. Very helpful in person and via email. Exams and assignments were appropriate and reflected subject matter covered in lecture. She is a bit picky on some aspects of grading, but it's not unwarranted. Go to lecture!
5.0 : Dr. Jones was an amazing professor. Tests were tough and her questions made you think. Homework assignments really helped me learn the material. She always gave a fair curve for exams. It is clear she loves what she teaches and tries to make sure everyone does the best they can.
1.0 : Hard not to go into a coma in this class. Very, very boring professor. He seemed to hate biology as much as I did. Class itself was pretty easy, just read the book and you're basically assured an A. But, take it with someone else. He's a grad student, should prob take with professor, would be more interesting. Most boring prof I've ever had.
4.5 : He's okay. Doesn't explain things in the best way but really not a bad teacher. His notes are online, but I find it better to write my own, he goes slow enough.
5.0 : I took Biostats with another professor and failed the first time, it was a horrible exprience and I thought I'd fail again but Prof Kevin is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He is really clear, talks slow enough, and class activities to make all this math make sense. I dont know what I'll get in this class, but I have gotten B's so far :)
5.0 : He is probably the best professor I have had so far! He makes everything so easy and he explains everything until you understand it. If I could take him again I would. He is the nicest teacher ever and he is extremely helpful. As long as you pay attention in class you will be fine so that means you should probably go to class
5.0 : THE BEST bio stat teacher hands down. had no prior experience but he breaks it down really nice. His tests r manageable just make sure u have good notes &amp; pay attention to what he says in class for the first part. LA Mariam W is also major cool. she helped me understand/pass ALL my tests shes a gift and shes super funny so u dont c urself learning
5.0 : Highly recommendable professor. I took Biostats with Laemmerzahl the first time &amp; received a C+ but retook it with Chavers &amp; received an A. Chavers is nice, fair, clear &amp; an overall awesome professor - adorable, too! PS. Mariam is an funny, friendly, informative TA. Both know their stuff - but most importantly, how to explain it.
4.5 : He is a great teacher. He writes good notes on the whiteboard and is very good at explaining the material. He drops the lowest test score. His tests aren't hard if you study! Good luck! I would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Simply put - he's wonderful. Meant to teach becayse he teaches at the level of a beginner. I knew no statistics, and have come out pretty confident that I could do any test. Very doable class. I went to tutoring on and off, and they are pretty good with homework help as well. I'm glad to be done with it all. Bonus - he's super handsome!
5.0 : Professor Chavers is absolutely amazing! In addition to fact that he's super sweet and approachable, he is an amazing teacher. He goes though everything step by step and makes sure you truly understand the material. Just go to class, pay attention, review your notes for exams and you should end up with an A in his class. Thank you Prof. Chavers :)
5.0 : In class, he's really helpful and addresses any and all questions thoroughly.  He responds to all emails very quickly and is very professional in the way he presents himself, despite not teaching for long. Class isn't mandatory, but still show up to every class and take notes. If you're taking 214, take this guy.
5.0 : Professor Chavers is the BEST/SWEETEST/NICEST/GOODLUCKING professor that I have met at Mason so far. He truly cares about his students and makes sure everyone understands before he moves on. He is always available during office hours and IS always willing to help. Very clear and very fair grading. I would take all my class with him if possible.
5.0 : Kevin by far is the best professor at mason!! He loves his job and it shows by the way he teaches!! He's there for you when you need help. His exams arent impoosible, honestly if you study and put in efforts you'll pass. MASON NEEDS MORE PROFESSORS LIKE HIM!!!!! One of the best in the biology department!!!
3.5 : This lectures are dreadful. He says um like every other second and never really explains what to expect for the exam.
3.5 : I absolutely hate biology, but Mr. Chavers made it bearable. This class is NOT an easy A, however, and you will have to show up, and keep up with the readings. He is very helpful if you ask, but sometimes the lectures themselves can be a little unclear.
1.5 : He's the worst teacher I ever had a at this school. His lectures are extremely painfully boring. He reads off his complicated to understand lecture notes. His tests are much too hard for a gen ed class. He was confusing and unhelpful when I went to see him for help in the class. He's a grad student so he could care less if you fail or not.
3.5 : Personally, I struggled immensely with this course - it was a little too difficult for a gen ed. Also, the lectures were based off of detailed, complex notes. The tests could be tricky if you didn't study enough (the final wasn't bad, though). It IS possible to do well - just read the book, come to class, do homework. Put in the time.
4.5 : Professor Chavers did a good job making a class that I would have otherwise hated bearable. Not an easy class and the lectures are not very exciting: read over the very thorough notes that he provides. Never opened the textbook &amp; got a C+. I do think GMU's "Intro" is a bit too in depth - the entire second half of the semester is biochem.
5.0 : Very easy class. You can miss up to 5 classes. Would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Professor Reitler is super chill and laid back. She understands what it's like to be a student, and really just wants you to learn something that you can take away. Open note tests, book isn't necessary!! (she goes over everything in class)
5.0 : Professor Willse is amazing. My class was at night &amp; usually I don't have motivation to attend those but I truly couldn't wait for this class. He loves intellectual debate about topics and is super respectful to everyone's ideas. Definitely take him if you want to learn about topics that will get you thinking for a long time.
5.0 : Prof Willse was a great professor. Took this class last Spring. He Really challenged students to think about issues and impacted my thinking greatly. DO NOT USE YOUR CELL PHONE IN HIS CLASS!! I loved how seriously he took that rule and how it promoted student engagement.
5.0 : Great professor! One of the best classes, if not the best, I took at Mason. If you read the material, which is all very interesting, you will pass with an A for sure :)  Workload: weekly readings &amp; blogs, midterm and final proposal.
5.0 : This class is my favorite class I've ever taken. Craig is a brilliant man. All of the material was really interesting, engaging and relevant, and I learned a LOT. I was never bored. He works to make sure everyone actually learns and makes connections within their learning. The workload is fair and so is he. Recommend x10000
3.0 : I learned about Chinese suffer in globalization. Expect to read too much irrelevant papers! you have to post your notes every week. Some students were copying &amp; pasting which was OK with him but wasn't fare to my efforts in reading tons of boring paper. I learned the negativity of globalization, &amp; thats all!
5.0 : If you miss to take this class, your education is useless. In my 3 years of School, I have never had such a brilliant, respectful, organized, caring and fair professor. The course work is very light, but very meaningful and you would love every single class. After this class you will be a changed person. Easy class. Take him ASAP and dont wait.
5.0 : He's a really solid professor. Not necessarily "easy" but definitely not hard either! Grading: Attend. 5, Particip. 10, Weekly blog posts 20, MId-term 15, Annot. Bibliography 20, Group presen. 20, Final essay (reflection of the semester) 10. You can't have more than 1 unexcused absence. I liked that I never had to "cram" for anything. Well paced.
4.0 : Professor Willse is an amazing teacher. Very respectful and passionate about what he teaches. Lots of reading but doable. Discussion posts each week, midterm paper, 1 group project, annotated bib and 1 short reflection paper final exam. Meaningful class that everyone should take in their college years. One of the best class I've ever taken.
5.0 : She's nice and knowledgable. I was quiet in her class; but although it was very discussion-based,  I got an A. Not a lot of hard work: 2 short papers, a longer final, and a group presentation with a discussion you'll have to lead. Lots of reading, but much of it was interesting and discussions were relevant to current events. She takes attendance.
5.0 : Rachel Lewis is AMAZING! She is so smart and really cares about her students. She makes you feel like a scholar. I recommend anything that she teaches.
5.0 : I liked this class. The discussion's were very thoughtful and interesting. She clearly knows a lot about the topic. Some reading assignments to be able to participate in class discussions. There was a midterm and final exam, a paper, group project, and a couple small assignments.
4.5 : Fantastic professor, especially if you're interested in intersectional women and gender studies.
5.0 : Extremely smart. I can't imagine the department without her. After taking so many of her classes I'd have a hard time trusting another WMST professor!
5.0 : Dr. Lewis is an exceptional professor.  It is not often an educator such as her comes along.  She cares deeply about her students, works with everyone's learning needsdisabilitiestroubles.  Give her the respect of engaging in the readings and discussions.
5.0 : Excellent professor and class. This is my second time taking a course she offers and I do not regret it! Lots of readings though - two short analytical papers, group presentation and final research paper. Nothing grueling, just make sure you have time for those readings!!
5.0 : Excellent professor.  Smart.  Great discussions.  Very fair, understanding and creates a comfortable climate for classroom.
5.0 : Professor Lewis is amazing! She is really passionate about what she teaches and she's always there to help students. Be prepared to read and write. CLASS DISCUSSION IS A MUST! There are class presentations and 3 papers to write (summer session, mind you. Fall would be more, I imagine).
3.5 : The professor is kind and pleasant. She likes to lead discussion in class about the readings and will ask you lots of questions to get you to think about the reading. She always seems prepared to teach and is quite knowledgeable. Be prepared to participate, read a lot, and write lengthy papers.
4.0 : The class was thought-provoking most of the time; however, often we had way too many theoretical debates that were never put into practice which in my opinion defeated the purpose of a class on disability issues.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. Text use is essential. A couple papers. A couple presentations. I imagine the work load would be more during spring and/or fall semester. This was summer and a lot of the work was condensed to fit the time frame of the session. Participation in discussions is important. Come to class prepared.
5.0 : I took this class because I wanted to learn more about women's issues. I ended up learning about that and more. Professor Lewis is kind, smart, and did wonders for me. I left class feeling confident and inspired to change the world. No joke, every single day. There are two papers, a group presentation, attendance, and a final project.
5.0 : Great class, great professor! The discussions are easy to participate it because Prof. Lewis keeps things relevant and interesting. There are only a few assignments throughout the semester, all of which are easy. Show up, do the work, and you'll get an easy A
5.0 : She is really sweet and kind. She takes attendance but I missed a couple classes and still got an A for attendance. If you just speak once in class that is usually enough. There is a lot of reading but I didn't do it a couple times and she didn't notice/care.
5.0 : Amazing, Love her! Class fills your Global understanding requirement and really opened my eyes to some issues. Was an easy class if you show up you will pretty much pass. Have to do 2-3 paper assignments that are 2-3 pages longs as well as a paper final that is a topic of your choice.
4.0 : She's always willing to help and the class itself isn't very hard. A few papers and attendance are a majority of your grade. The papers aren't difficult. The readings can be dense, but she covers them in class really well. The lectures are wonderful. She's not biased whatsoever and she's willing to help if you need any extra clarification.
4.0 : One of the best proffessors ever. I adore her and her class. The readings can be dense, but she covers them really well in class. One group project, a few small papers, and a final paper make up the most of your grade. She's always willing to help if you need it and overall the class was interesting and not too complex
5.0 : Rachel is a GREAT professor! Her syllabus is very clear. During the semester, you have 1 group project, 2 papers that have to be 2-3 pages long, and then a final paper that has to be 7-8 pages. She gives little small easy assignments rarely. Participation/ attendance is SO important, about 25% of your grade. Overall, a very easy and chill class.
5.0 : Wonderful professor. Would and have taken again. Be prepared for a lot of reading and challenging your way of thinking.  Participation is necessary as her courses are discussion based. If you are struggling she is willing to work with you.
5.0 : The WGST department is truly blessed to have such an extraordinary professor on their team. Her grading criteria is crystal clear and provides valuable feedback on papers. Readings can be a little dense sometimes but she goes over them in class and addresses any questions. If you want to actually learn something, take a class with Rachel.
5.0 : Feminist Theory isn't exactly the easiest course to get through, fortunately Rachel made it a breeze. This was a seminar-based class so participationattendance is key to completing the course successfully. She engages you in critical thinking from the readings and is open to everyone's opinions. I highly recommend her to all grad students.
3.5 : This was one of the most challenging psychology courses I have taken so far.  The professor is very nice and responds to emails faster than any professor I have had! The only downside is that there is ALOT of homework and exams are given just about every week. If you keep on top of the reading and watch the lecture videos you will manage.
5.0 : Professor Curby is excellent. Her class is so organized. She gives 4 noncumulative test (she drops the lowest test grade), and your 3 highest tests are worth 20% of your final grade. She also gives 3 simple projects, each worth 10% of your final grade. Her lectures are also interesting and the course overall is not difficult. Take her class!
4.0 : Dr. Curby is enthusiastic in every class. She has a very mom-ish sense of humor but clearly loves the topics she teaches and will give good feedback and encourages participation in class. She was the first Psych professor I had, glad it was her.
4.0 : love her, easy class, easy grader, no book, must attend (can miss 2 classes without grade penalty). has a nice sense of humor, but felt like she didn't really care what students had to say in terms of adding to class discussion but thats a personal vibe i got. no textbooks, online readings didn't matter much. just go to lecture and pay attention
5.0 : Prof. Curby's class was very well-structured. Topics are divided into modules, which  are made available at the start of the course. Each module has a lot of readings linked for free (no textbook), DB posts, hw assignments, lectures, and tests, but there's ample time to complete everything. I learned a lot from the course and highly recommend her.
5.0 : FANTASTIC!  Nicest professor I've met and is very happy to help.  Great teacher, learned so much about therapy.  10, 1-2 page reflections on readings, 2 role play videos.  In class workshops that are mandatory, but very enjoyable.  NO TESTS!  If applying for grad school talk to her-she wrote my letter of rec and helped with my personal statement.
4.0 : Dr. Curby is a very nice professor, and she's very helpful. Though I have had my shared experiences with taking online classes, this class was intriguing, yet also difficult for me to understand at time. There were six sections to go through, and a lot of reading and assignments to do. Though it's interesting, there's a lot of work to put into it.
4.5 : Abby Hall is an excellent teacher.  Extremely intelligent and helpful, she mixed the core microeconomics with her own research, making the class stimulating.  You'll take away in proportion to what you put in to the course, and if you're just concerned about the grade, you won't have any trouble doing well.
5.0 : I highly recommend taking her! She doesn't post her powerpoints online, but all of her material is from the book. 2 hw assignments, 2 current event cards, 3 exams. I actually had a mixup with the textbook and did an entire hw wrong, but she still gave me an 85. Generous, helpful, gives great explanations. Put in work and she'll reward you for it.
4.5 : Tough but fair. Tries to make material interesting and relate it to modern events. Obviously cares about subject and students. I didn't do well on the midterm and she took the time to meet with me to make sure I understood the material and had a plan for the final.
5.0 : She's really cool and nice. Econ is not my favorite subject but she made it interesting. If you need an econ class, take her. You will not regret it. She is one of the best professors I had in Mason.
5.0 : It's a tough class but the professor is so helpful. I got failed the midterm and worked really hard on the final and ended up with a B-. She is awesome.
4.5 : Easy class with a rather easy and clear teacher. A poor grade on the first test due to stupid mistakes left me with an A- for the year but otherwise an A was not hard.
5.0 : Easiest professor in mason!!! EASY A! All exams and quizzes are based on lectures! Every week there's a quiz. Very easy, mostly consisting of true or false! Midterm and final comes straight from lectures . He's very good at explaining , gives lots of extra credit! I would take him over everyone!
3.5 : Dr. Mueller's quizzes are killer, but he offers lots of opportunities for extra credit.  His lecture notes can be a little disorganized, but he's very good at explaining things.
3.0 : Mueller's class was interesting. The reading for the class was often very dense and there was a quiz once a week, every week. I found it hard to do well on his quizzes and his midterm exam was difficult, but not as difficult as I thought it would be. He gives extra credit and the chance to do creative projects.
3.5 : Great Professor, I took Economic Thought and Practice and the class was great. I honestly can't imagine anyone else teaching it. It was INCREDIBLY intense when it came to reading, but if you studied the tests went well. The best part is that he gives extra credit for all the quizzes you're going to fail since there's no chance in hell you're going to get through all the reading
5.0 : His teaching method is very clear, he is very straightforward with what his expectations are to pass the class, and his assignments helped me understand the course material. I highly recommend him! If you want to receive an A in the class, make sure you read the material because he will quiz you every week, and make sure you do the weekly papers.
3.5 : Gives a lot of quizzes to ensure attendance and reading. Class runs late by five minutes...often. Have short papers every week. If you miss a quiz you are screwed out of grade but he will cancel class for vacation or keep class late. Not a balance of respect on that front. However, pretty informative class.
5.0 : Great structured class. Professor Mueller provides the material very clearly and relates it to real world situations, which helps a lot. Follow the hw readings and listen to his suggestions and you'll have a great class.
5.0 : Come to class, do the readings and you will be fine. Prof. Mueller knows that global affairs students know nothing about economics, so he teaches you economics from the ground up. He is really knowledgeable and everyone in GLOA should take him! Also, double check your grammar for the weekly writing assignments, he's a stickler.
5.0 : Great teacher. Class can be challenging but it is well worth the effort. I had no interest or knowledge of the topics prior to this class. As long as you come, do your hw, &amp; study for quizzes you'll do well. He's understanding &amp; will work with you. ANY bad reviews are from students who don't attend, don't study, &amp; don't turn in assignments on time.
5.0 : He sticks to the syllabus perfectly which makes it very easy for the student to keep up with course work and when papers are due (and yes there are short papers due each Friday: 2-3 pages but they're not that difficult). He is knowledgeable about the topics he teaches and keeps the flow of discussion in class interesting.
4.5 : Great Professor! He's very helpful. There's an essay due every Friday, which is great because you don't have to take a Final or Midterm. Attendance is not mandatory but lecture is always interesting and it helps with writing your weekly essays. He's really easy to talk to and is willing to answer your questions via email or after class.
4.5 : He runs an interactive class and gives lots of opportunities to do well.  Class examples are not always well though out.
5.0 : Before this class I did not care about economics, but I can now say that Prof Mueller changed this.  He is a great professor that knows his students are not always Econ savvy, and so explains everything very well and clearly. A LOT of READINGS, and a two page double spaced paper every friday.  No tests, but there is a FINAL paper.  Also, pop quiz.
4.5 : He is an awesome teacher that knows what he is talking about and very enthusiastic to teach. Weekly papers are easy as long as you take notes. Pop quizzes suck if you don't read but he gives extra credit to help make some of it up. He is great for people that don't care about ECON that much. He makes ECON easy to be interested in.
4.5 : He is a great teacher that helps students that aren't interested in ECON understand it better. Weekly papers arent too bad if you take notes in class. Pop quizzes suck if you dont read and there is a lot of reading. He gives good extra credit to help with the grade. Awesome teacher that knows his stuff and is enthusiastic to teach.
5.0 : Awesome Teacher! Come to every class. Take notes. Do the readings. Do the assignments. You will get a happy grade. He is extremely accommodating - he understands life situations. Gives extra-credit. Overall, he is a great teacher especially if ECON is NOT your cup of tea!
3.5 : I am so exciting for future generations of students to be taught by Mueller. He is funny, down to earth, helpful, and a good lecturer. He needs help in organization, clarity, ending on time, and setting up good expectations. He gives way too much reading and his quizzes are way to difficult, but his exams are fair and he gives extra credit.
5.0 : This class completely stamped out my fear of economics.  Prof. Mueller really made the course clear and thought provoking.  As long as you read, go to class, and write your weekly paper everything will be fine.  He really catered to us as GLOA students and taught useful concepts for our major and for life in general.  He gets an A+ in my book.
5.0 : The professor made the class very interesting and engaging.  Having a quiz and a writing assignment every week was a bit irritating but I can say that I learned the most from working on my writing assignments.  I chose to concentrate in Global Economy and Management after taking this class.
3.5 : Go to class and you will be fine. Not hard if you put forth effort to participate.
3.5 : Go to class and read. That is all you need.
3.5 : You have to go to class even though he says it is not required. You will have random quizzes and paper assignments due. Stick to the syllabus and the quiz/papers will be easy. He does a good job of following the syllabus as well so you shouldn't be surprised.
5.0 : read the books and articles, do the assignments and attend class in order to get a good grade. had zero interest in economics before this class, but now have a high interest in it.
4.0 : Do the work and follow the syllabus. That easy. He even provides some extra credit to boost grades.
4.0 : Great Professor. Very helpful and understanding. No midterm of final exam. Instead there is one final research paper. Be prepared to improve in your writing as there is a paper due every week. Read all material and come to class prepared as there are reading quizzes. Offers extra credit opportunities.
4.5 : Professor Mueller is awesome. His lectures are really engaging and funny. There's no midterm or final just a lot of writing, But he really does want his students to exceed so he gives good feedback on them. Weekly readings are a must do since he gives out small quizzes each week. Overall really helpful and the class is extremely interesting!
5.0 : Great professor, really cares about his students. No tests or final just quizzes and papers..gives extra credit! lectures are not boring. There is a good amount of reading and a good amount of writing. Overall amazing class!
3.5 : Professor is engaging, and makes economics relative to other global affairs issues. There is one paper due every week and constant quizzes, therefore making the class hard to skip. Read the assigned articles and chapters and keep up with the writing assignments and you should be fine.
5.0 : good professor.  If you read you will be fine
5.0 : Professor Mueller was very enthusiastic about the class - he was clear, concise, and well-organized. He really made me interested in the topic and was frequently available after-class, over email, and during office hours. I highly recommend taking this class.
5.0 : Professor Mueller's class was fantastic. He kept the lectures engaging and was always willing to clarify things during or after class. His assignments helped solidify a lot of the material and kept me on top of the reading schedule.
5.0 : Prof Mueller is a really nice guy! Maybe even too nice. Some people would keep interrupting him several times and it was hard for him to even finish his points. Otherwise, he was enthusiastic about the topic  and helpful inside and outside of the class.
5.0 : Profess Mueller is awesome. Class is very stimulating, If you come to class, and READ you will do just fine. Assignments are clear/simple. He provides opportunities throughout the semester to help yourself through; extra credit, makeups, and late assignments. Great guy, I highly recommend taking him for any course. He gets an A in my book!
5.0 : Not an easy A, but overall wonderful. He makes connections with current events to solidify his points. There is a midterm, a final, weekly assignments, and pop quizzes. His tests are completely short answer so you need to actually spend time reviewing. Study guides mirror the exams so they are very helpful. Also, a bonus, he's not hard on the eyes.
5.0 : I would take him again. Cool guy. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Great help!
4.0 : He's awesome. Heavy book usage. But it's a fun book so that's cool :)
5.0 : Not an easy class, but Proff Mueller is SUPER helpful and really wants you to understand it. Buy the book- explains concepts well and and you need it to do the assigned homework which count for a big chunk of your grade. 2 written exams, but he gives you a helpful study guide. And in class written quizzes. Also gives extra credit :)
4.0 : Interesting class.  Pretty much all of the exam questions were outlined in the book.  Seemed to always know what he was talking about.  Has a nice beard.
5.0 : While the material was rather difficult, mueller was very helpful and easy to understand. Would reccomend!
5.0 : Has an awesome beard but more importantly is very helpful and makes hard material manageable and interesting. Lots of textbook use
4.0 : Very nice professor
5.0 : Prof. Mueller was always prompt and well organized. He was respectful of the students and extremely helpful. He used the book extensively and presented additional materials in the form of videos and PDF files. He was responsive to emails and often communicated to students by email. He gives pop quizzes that begin promptly at scheduled class time.
5.0 : Very helpful and respectful. Will answer any questions as best as he can. Has extra credit assignments and is very organized. Lectures are all based on textbook so no worries if u are not good at taking notes.
3.5 : Great professor, but he is better at encouraging open discussion than reigning it in.  The homeworks can be long and arduous, don't leave them to the last minute. Also, the quiz questions are occasionally not straight forward.  That being said he grades fairly easily.  As other rater's have noted, he does have a pretty sweet beard.  Easy class.
4.5 : Good professor - I can recommend him.  Yes, you need to show up, listen, and do the homework, but when is that not true?  Just make sure to keep up with the readings - there are quizzes!
5.0 : Really enjoyed his class. I learned a lot of things.
4.0 : Not an awful class. He is cool. But a quiz every class that was based upon lecture from last class. 5 TF questions worth 20 points; kind of annoying since TF can be ambiguous. No notes or slides. Best to keep up with readings and take good notes in order to get an A. He gives a study guide and is lenient grader on tests (short answeressay)
4.0 : Professor Mueller is an energetic and passionate teacher. He covers a lot of material, but will clarify or revisit topics whenever asked, and he encourages thoughtful questions. There is a reasonable amount of homework. He starts each class with a short quiz, but they are easy points if you take notes during the lectures and go over the readings.
4.0 : Great professor. He knows what he is talking about. Lectures are long and can get boring but you will learn a lot. Uses the white board 99% of the time and it gets messy. For this reason, be ready to read your textbook. He makes sure you understand the material. I would definitely recommend him if you are wanting to take an upper class econ.
4.5 : Professor Mueller has a very deep knowledge of Economics and you can see it in his lectures. However, since he knows a lot he wants to share a lot (which is not a bad thing, but can make it harder to absorb the subject, especially if you do not read the material). Great professor - tough subject.
4.5 : I loved him! Although the upper Econ can be tough, he explains material well and revisits the topics that are most confusingdifficult for students to grasp. A lot of reading, quiz every class but you will thank him later as it makes getting ready for the exams easier. I would take him again!
4.0 : He is a great professor. I learned a lot and he made it interesting. Make sure you go to class because quizzes and homework will either make you fail or pass. It is a great way to set yourself for a great semester as half of your grade is quizzes and homework. It is not an excessive amount of homework and quizzes are short.
3.0 : Paul mueller was on of my best professors this semester, he has good teaching technics and is ready to explain to you as many times as you want but the only part I don't like about his class is that the class period is too long and he gives quizzes in every class.  Also a lot of reading assignments but his marking creterias were ok I wiil rate him
5.0 : Absolutely love this professor. Second time taking him and would take him a third. Extremely knowledgeable. very interesting lectures. Learned so much. Midterm and final. Pop quizzes pretty much every class. 5 homework assignments. Study guide for tests are helpful. Put the effort in and you'll do well.
4.5 : First of all, he's a really nice guy. He's also a PhD student, so sometimes you can tell he's still learning how to do this, but overall he already has a pretty good handle on teaching. It isn't easy, but it's an upper level course, so you should expect that. But perhaps he could say the word alright a little less, OK?
4.0 : Overall he is a great professor with a great lecture style. In many of my previous economics courses I found myself bored to tears, with Mueller, I found myself pretty attentive and alert. He teaches about real world economics in a way that isn't utterly mind numbing and finds a way to relate it in easy terms to understand. Didn't like the quizzes
5.0 : Three simple rules and you will do fantastic in his class: 1) go to classes 2) take notes 3) study. You need to purchase book, just take good notes in class, read your book and you will  pass his class.  Professor keeps class interesting and engaging. I would recommend  to take his class! He is one of the best Professors  of the Economic faculty.
5.0 : He is the definition of an awesome professor. He cares about students knowledge, his lectures are engaging and far from boring. His mid- term and final are short-answer questions. There are quizzes (5 questions) in the beginning of each class. Make sure to read and take good notes during class and you will do just fine.
5.0 : He knows his stuff. Always willing to help you, and explain you over and over, he responded to every email. There are quizzes every class truefalse questions. Homework a bit difficult, but HW and quizzes are 50% of your grade, then mid and final are 50% . He gives extra credit!! Exam are short and long answers and essay questions, so study hard.
4.5 : Had him over the summer too and he was just as nice this semester. He cares for students and is very helpful. He also has a sick beard!
3.0 : must go to class to learn.
2.0 : He knows his stuff, just not how to communicate it. He should make ppt slides instead of forcing people to read his chicken scrawls.
1.5 : His quizzes are madness since they are short and few but worth a whopping part of your grade. His notes aren't that great and his quizzes are derived from his notes so that's not fun for the students.
3.0 : A lot of quizzes. Tests aren't so bad. HW is long and tedious. Lectures are confusing.
3.5 : Nice guy with a bright mind. However, he's tangential and confusing.
4.5 : His lectures are loaded so show up to class. It's not mandatory but he gives quizzes at the beginning of every class and that's 25% of your grade.
4.5 : Good teacher with really in depth knowledge of material.
2.5 : Cool guy. Could try a little bit harder with his handwriting.
3.0 : Ok teacher. You'll do fine as long as you attend lecture. It is key to passing because the textbook is a wormhole.
3.0 : Only midterm and final. But quizzes are plentiful. Tough grader.
3.0 : Don't take the class unless you have good eyesight and the ability to retain spoken information.
1.5 : I learned a lot but he could have been more succinct on some points.
3.0 : I received feedback fairly quickly, just don't email him in the weekends. Relaxed and smart guy.
4.0 : The quizzes and tests are pretty okay. Great class.
4.0 : good professor, however, makes you work for your grade.
4.0 : Great class. Nice guy. Helps you out.
4.5 : Tough course but you learn a lot. It is textbook heavy but he does a good job explaining.
5.0 : Great class, great professor. Pop quizzes were very specific and mostly truefalse. Homework and two exams (which are not easy you need to study). If you put forth the effort to study, do the readings, and pay attention in class, theres no reason you should not be able to get at least a C grade.
3.5 : The material is not easy at times, there is a lot of it too. He tries his best to explain it, but you have to do the other part.  Quizzes can be tricky, but exams are better. Extra credit opportunity.
3.0 : HARD CLASS
3.5 : Only 2 tests altogether 50 percent of your grade but it's the quizzes that will get you.
3.5 : Tests are hard because you have to do short answer no multiple choice here. Good enough teacher though.
3.0 : He's clear about what he wants and he grades straightforward.
4.5 : Great Professor, Really knows what he is talking about, You need to come to class because lectures are very specific. Good overall class.
3.0 : Great attitude and genuine personality. Wants his students to succeed. Would prefer powerpoint slides- whiteboard notes vague, difficult to read, and somewhat unorganized. Seemed to get better throughout semester. Would help if grades were posted on blackboard.
3.5 : Have to read and study a lot for this class
4.5 : Professor Mueller is great!!! If you are struggling &amp; need help he is more than happy to work with you. You can tell he really cares about the subject &amp; his students success; he wants you to pass! Quizzes every class &amp; exams are tough. You need to read &amp; study! Narrower study guides would be helpful for future classes. He is super helpful though!
5.0 : Quizzes every class, easy points if you have half a brain and go to class.  A lot of material, but it's very interesting stuff.  Would take him again in a heartbeat.
4.0 : Great professor, really knowledgeable.
5.0 : Professor Morris is amazing! She improved my writing and she pushed me to think outside of the box. The class was very easy. There are no tests, only three papers and a low key presentation at the end of the semester. There are also some short assignments on the wiki but they were mostly interesting and easy. I highly reccomend Professor Morris.
5.0 : She's a very nice and cool professor. There were 3 main papers with a nice amount of time to write them. The last assignment is a very minor project that was simple enough. Small Hw assignments that were normally a breeze. Attend class since it will benefit your grade and its not a drag.
5.0 : SHE IS AN AMAZING PROFESSOR. i used to hate poems because I didn't understand them. but with her help, I started understanding them. 3 essays to write. without reading the books, they will be very hard to complete.
3.5 : Prof. Morris is awesome. she's very fair and her class is fun. she's enthuastic and loves teaching creative writing! there's work in the class but fun work and easy. you have to do this work in order to do well. she counts participation as well. I recommend taking her. u won't regret it!
5.0 : Very good instructor... Pay attention, follow instructions, and comprehend what you're reading with respect to assignments. Don't expect to be spoon-fed.
2.0 : Worst teacher ever! Very rude and I would not recommend her to anyone.
5.0 : She actually seemed to really care about her students and tried to incorporate fun activities!
3.0 : She is rude and I would not recommend her to anyone. Definitely will not take her ever again.
4.5 : She's a great teacher, but the way mason set up this course makes it difficult. I had the class once a week, so quite a few days I had 5-6 assignments due... yeah.. just show up to class and show enthusiasm for it,she genuinely wants to help you so don't be afraid to reach out with questions. 2 group projects, n a final but too many assignments
4.0 : Pro. Womble was a nice person, but there was a huge number of homework, which you must check your blackboard if you want to get credits. Class was boring. got A- in midterm, and at the end of semester there're many confusions of the homework, so I tried my best to do anything she said since I wanted an A, but confusion still happened at final week
4.5 : Piracy class. Class lectures focus on the readings and he really encourages participation. The essays were short papers that draw on the readings, and he really gives good feedback. Really easy going and knows what he's talking about, he connected our subject matter to various things outside the classroom. Very enjoyable!
5.0 : Professor Mueller is a fantastic professor right out of Graduate school. He's incredibly enthusiastic about the courses he teaches and loves to get to know his students. The assignments are not very hard, and he's a pretty easy grader. I received a A+ in a 4 credit course while putting in half the effort i'd thought I'd need to
5.0 : He knows a lot and made the subject very interesting.
5.0 : Class is pretty interesting but it's so easy that you don't really wanna show up all the time. But please do. It's interesting if you're really into music and weirdly enough what I learned in here helped me in other classes.
4.0 : This class was on piracy and I personally found it very interesting, especially the section on digital piracy. Some texts were dense, but reading was manageable. He lectured pretty well, and gave time to discuss with classmates, which was helpful. 10 short posts on Tumblr, 2 papers, and a final paper. Good class, overall. I enjoyed it.
4.5 : Prof. Mueller assigned a chapter or another reading assignment for every class. Lectures were pretty straightforward from the readings. We sometimes had readings due from both textbooks which got really redundant but helped drill it in. Lectures can make you dose off if you're tired. Not sure if attendance was mandatory or not but I recommend going
4.5 : Overall Great teacher, I would try to go to every class but not mandatory. The tests are easy if you study, however for GLOA he does not give study guides so MANDATORY class for review days. He makes you do Tumbler Post for certain reading so they get very repetitive and probably the worst thing for his class.
5.0 : I LOVE Professor Miner. She's nice, funny, and her class is really interesting. Gives study guides and deadlines way in advance. Her tests are pretty easy if you study a little bit. PowerPoints are in depth and on Blackboard. She does take attendance. She also gives a lot of extra credit. Got an A+
5.0 : She is simply the best! She makes class fun and stimulating. Lots of extra credit, videos, and open discussions. Definitely show up &amp; participate. We even had the option to take some exams online which were open book. She's amazing. Take any and all of Professor Miner's classes,
2.0 : Very easy class, but I did not learn anything. She also has a very strong and clear liberal agenda which much of public health has. But if you dare to think differently about incentives, health care, or the doctor/patient/government relationship then don't expect her to to knowledgeable about a different point of view
5.0 : Professor Miner is amazing. She made class fun and really cares about students. Became global health major because of her. Very helpful in endeavors unrelated to her class as well.
5.0 : Go to class! She does give homework assignments online, but they're very easy. Gives extra credit opportunities. Individual/group project instead of final exam. As long as you follow directions, participate and turn in assignments, she will love you!
5.0 : She is awesome and keeps the material interesting!
5.0 : I wish you could select more tags for her. She is quite possibly the best professor I have ever had. Not only an amazing teacher, but she genuinely loves her students. Miner is the best!
5.0 : Best professor ever!!!! She was amazing, fun, and super easy to talk to!
5.0 : Seriously THE BEST teacher I've had at Mason so far. So understanding and gives a ton of opportunity for extra credit. So awesome.
4.0 : Amazing Professor!!  Lots of homework assignments that are fairly easy and only one exam! Would take her class all over again!
5.0 : She is the best professor ever! she gave many extra credits. So if you did not get an A, too bad for you. She is also very sweet and funny. I totally recommend taking a class with her! you will have a lot of fun!
4.5 : While the class was simple and easy, she found a way to make it funny, relevant, and interesting. It was worth taking her class at 9am. The midterm was super easy and the final is a group project that was simple and straightforward. She's a delight to be around, and she's really passionate about public health!
5.0 : Professor Miner is the best! The class is super straightforward and not difficult, there were a few assignments, all of them were pretty easy. Extra credit was offered and Professor Miner is hysterical. She always made the class enjoyable to be at and I will miss having her so much, she cares so much about her students and her field alike.
4.0 : Professor Miner is the best Professor I have ever had here at Mason. She makes everything easy and offers lots of extra credit ( maximum of 30 points). There is only one exam in her class, final project, and one systematic review paper which is so easy!. She grades fairly. Take her if you want to boost up your GPA and u won't be disappointed!!!!
5.0 : Miner is hilarious, sweet, and always willing to help. I learned a lot from her and I plan to take another class with her in the future. The final exam is a group project that involves formulating a health intervention, which everyone had fun with! I highly recommend Professor Miner.
5.0 : Great teacher! Fun and engaging class!
5.0 : She's an all-around great teacher; you'll learn things and get a pretty easy A if you show up and do the assignments.  She's a great person who knows a lot about public health and makes her lectures interesting.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER ON CAMPUS. ABSOLUTELY EASY A++++++. one midterm, she gives study guide, HW that is very easy, group presentation. and 30  points of EC at the end of the semester and 10 points EC on the midterm. she accepts assigmnments late, DO NOT BUY BOOK, it is not needed, she takes attendance but you don't have to come since there is EC you can do
4.0 : Prof Miner is great!  She is a great lecturer and makes the class laugh every time. There was only 1 exam, a research assignment, and a group project.  No final exam.  She offered lots of extra credit.  There weren't too many grades, so as long as you do them and do them well you will do great.  Highly recommend!!!
5.0 : Great professor! She is so friendly and hilarious. Class is pretty easy with a midterm, final project and ample amounts of ways to get an A in the class. She takes attendance everyday however but it's worth it for her class!
5.0 : Great professor and very understanding. If you have a music background definitely an easy class but if your new to music a little studying is needed and he is great with helping. It's a bit of a fast paced class.
4.5 : Really fun class, even though I had it at 9:30 AM. Quizzes and tests seem intimidating at first, but they're what he bases future lessons on. If you don't show up for class, it'll be really hard to catch up because it moves fast. I was really sad he doesn't teach Aural Skills 2.
5.0 : Joe was pretty cool and really chill too. He was very friendly and always willing to help. A very easy grader I must say! Take him!
5.0 : I enjoyed his class. He understand we are not science majors and is there to help us get everything turned in. He explains everything well and knows his stuff well enough to help you if you are confused
5.0 : Well first off we call him 'Joe.' That alone tells you what kind of lab instructor he is. He is really chill and gets along well with students. He makes the labs a lot easier than the text in the manual. Expect nothing less than an A in lab, just show up
5.0 : Joe Villari is really helpful and down to earth. He succinctly explains each lab and makes it easier to navigate the somewhat ridiculous course. He is very knowledgeable about his scientific topics and makes the class interesting by giving examples of his everyday lab research to help us understand the lab materials. I definitely recommend his lab.
5.0 : Such a great teacher. He avoids busy work and wasting your time. He does care for his subject, but understands not everyone does. He always tries to get us out of lab ASAP (we usually get out at least an hour early, but he's the kinda guy that you would stay after a few minutes just to talk with). Take Joe- I wish every teacher was like him!
5.0 : Awesome dude, really knows how to connect with his students.
5.0 : Amazing! He respects students so he won't put you through busy work, he gives clear instructions but loves answering additional questions, and his goal for every lab is to get you out of class ASAP. He's just a great, easygoing, laid-back guy who wants you to get an A. Seriously, anyone could get an A in his lab. He's the sweetest guy :)
5.0 : Joe Villari is a very engaging lab instructor with a bunch of interesting and informative knowledge from his science experiences. He is kind and understanding to all of his students and will help you find the answer to any questions, as long as you ask.
5.0 : THE REALEST DUDE ALIVE. If the world were run only by Joe Villari, there would be no Uggs or Starbucks, and in their place, only earth tones and Quentin Tarantino movies--with blues perpetually in the background.   Oh, and he's extremely kind and smart. He makes lab not excruciating and makes real world connections.  Take him.
5.0 : Easily the coolest teacher at GMU, not to mention he's super easy on the eyes ladies. Could not recommend more. Engages with students and makes science enjoyable even if science isn't your niche. Definitely take him! Well worth it.
5.0 : Great class
5.0 : Cool dude. Really willing to help, thanks for the fun semester joe!
5.0 : Fun class. Take him. You won't regret.
5.0 : I will take his lab again  He is really really willing to help!!!
5.0 : Great professor with a good sense of humor and gives great 1 on 1 feedback.
5.0 : She is honestly the best. She makes the quizzes easy and straight to the point. It is very easy to ask her for help and she has a wonderful way of explaining things. She knows how to get stuff done and kid around. I don't have her for 125 and I'm devastated. I love her
4.5 : She was the most amazing instructor I had my first semester at Mason. She was always specific about what was going to be on the quizzes and was always available if you needed help.  She seemed to be the best lab instructor they had there.
5.0 : Helps with clear expectations on all quizes and very understanding if life get complicated and you have to turn an assignment in late.
5.0 : Lauren is the best TA at George Mason. She is extremely helpful, especially when you ask her a question. She helps you as much as possible during practicals, unlike some TAs. She is funny &amp; relatable. Extremely laid back. Allows pictures of the exercise key to be taken at the end of lab, to help you study for the quiz. Easy A in lab for sure.
5.0 : SHE IS SO WONDERFUL! GO TO LAB EVERY TIME! You will walk out learning something new all the time. She is funny, caring, and she definitely makes sure you will pass the lab portion of BIOL 124. I cannot take her for BIOL 124 and I am dreading it....
4.5 : He was an amazing professor that was always there for you when you asked for help! The class itself had many rules, but the professor did as much as he could to always help!
4.0 : Do yourself a favor, take Mr. Dill. He is the best professor for this class. He tells you exactly what you need to know and explains things clearly. I was able to do well with no prior knowledge of java. Do the readingsassignments (which are not hard at all, just look in your book, or the ppts for help). Go to his review sessions, it helps a lot.
4.0 : Good professor however very censored about what he could say about the course material due to fear of the course coordinator.  Would not bump me up 0.4% to a B even though I sat in the front and attended every class and asked a lot of questions.
5.0 : This class is extremely difficult, most of the people I talked to in it have at least failed it once, including me. However, this professor is extremely skilled in explaining stuff and made the class so much easier for me. To be honest, although he helped, the class is still extremely hard. Some people have a knack for java, but if you don't,beware
5.0 : Professor Dill is the most respectful teacher ever. I had zero programming knowledge prior to taking IT106 and Dill proved to be the best choice. He spends a lot of time to drill in concepts. The course is tough but Dill doesn't have any control over the course structure. I wish he taught upper level courses as well - would definitely take him!
3.0 : He teaches the material well, but most of the time he doesn't finish the lecture due to lack of time, so we need to study the slides by ourselves quite often. The class is indeed a hard class, you will need to try really hard if you never learn java or any sort of programming before. The lab exam is really tricky and written code exam is hard too.
1.0 : expect 2d array in final. it was funny.
2.5 : Professor Dill can be a good professor but he can be really rude to student. I was even afraid to send him emails about questions. Lectures were so confusing, and he skips some slides. Like other people say, he is teaching Bono's material, and IMO this class is a joke. If you take this class, STUDY ON YOUR OWN! And be ready to get stress.
4.5 : Passionate, intelligent, caring, kind. Goes above and beyond to prepare his students for the exams. Tries to drill the material into your brain. Material can be difficult and there is a lot of it. Not his fault. Falls behind at times but catches back up. He WANTS his students to LEARN and PASS! Highly recommend Dill. PRACTICE! PRACTICE! PRACTICE!
1.5 : Don't learn much from this class. Avoid him!
4.5 : IT 106 is run by Dr. Bono so its not really in his control. That being said he is the best prof for this class because of his real world experience in the field. He has tips and tricks no other prof has. He is a tough grader so expect to put in some work. A lot of people fail IT 106 but you get what you work for. If you try then you will pass.
5.0 : Yes, he skipped PP slides due to lack of time, BUT he MAKE SURE we learn what we NEED to. He goes the extra mile to make sure students understand the materials. Took other prof, learned nothing.  IF YOU WANT TO LEARN AND PASS, TAKE HIM!expect to work hard. GMU IT dept. NEEDS MORE PROF.s LIKE HIM,who actually teach not just READ off the PP slides.
4.0 : Professor Dill was great! IT 106 is a very difficult class and typically 50% of the class fail. Passing with a C is passing with an A! The tests are not graded by him and he's handcuffed by Bono. He's definitely there to help you if he see's that you're putting in the work and genuinely cares about his students. I definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Great professor, but tough course.  This professor is very helpful and will help you understand the material much better but you have to put a lot of time into the hw and exams especially the final.
4.5 : Professor Dill really cares about his students, he goes above and beyond trying to make sure everybody in the class understands the material. The 2 multiple choice tests are hard and tricky and the 2 written pseudojava tests are also challenging, make sure you read the book and review the material weekly, practicing the problems is the key to pass
4.5 : He was a great professor. Java isn't easy but he tries his best to help you get through it. He knows whats going to be on the tests and labs so he tries his best to prepare you for them. Without cheating of course. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : He is one of the best professor at GMU. He tries to help students understand all the material. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Teaching Java isn't easy by any means. When I first learned it in High School I found it exceptionally difficult but learning it again with Professor Dill really helped me in understanding it. Review the power points, attend the lectures and try to apply what you learn as best as possible for assignments. It takes time to get used to but it's fun.
5.0 : This class is not easy but Prfoessor Dill explains the information really well to his students and take the time to make sure everyone is on the same boat. He will help and take time outside of class to help his students if you reach out to him. He is a really funny and a caring guy! If you need to take IT106 Professor Dill is the way to go!
5.0 : Awesome professor. One of the best professor that I've had here at mason.
5.0 : He is one of the only professor in the WORLD that genuinely cares for his students.
4.5 : Professor Dill genuinely cares for his students! He is the BEST professor I've had at Mason. This is a tough class and taking it with him helps every bit. He explains concepts as if you know nothing about Java, and this isn't something other profs do. He spends time on you til you understand the concepts. Take 106 with him, you wont regret it.
1.5 : This guy knows a lot of pseudocode but java code is out of his zone.  If you want to learn something, take Gupta. Otherwise, good luck at the mandatory midterm and final in the big room with other 300 students.
3.0 : He rarely finishes lectures on time. He ends up skipping slides or ppt. He only grades the exams otherwise everything else is graded by the TAs and they are harsh graders. He doesn't know much about the topics on the exams. Exams are multiple choice and pseudo + code by hand. Prepare to work real hard for this class because people fail this class.
5.0 : Great professor. He really cares about his students' success. He does his best to explain programming, which is not easy. Highly recommend. He's super friendly and approachable. His students have a high pass rate for both programming classes. Would take other classes if he taught them.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Explains all of the important and most confusing information very well. Professor Dill puts the student first. If  you are going to take IT-106 take it with him  IT-106 is hard due to tricky multiple choice questions on midterm and final. Exams &amp; H.W are not created by Professor Dill, they are standard for all IT-106 sections
5.0 : If any one ask me who is one of the best IT 106 professor, i would say Craig Dill. When i walked into his class i had zero information about Java and Pseudo-code. And now i am walking out knowing everything he has taught me. All you have to do is "focus" if you "focus" then you will do good on everything and come to class all the time, recommended!
4.5 : This professor is probably one of the best professors I've had. I am a transfer student from NOVA. I took java at NOVA (106 equivalent) and honestly did not learn anything. I had to retake at Mason and learned A LOT about programming. This mans teaching is spot on. He loves his job and cares about his students. SUPER HARD CLASS, so you better try.
3.5 : Craig Dill s a good professor, I've had both him and Bono, but take Bono if you can,  he is much more accessible and Bono is the professor that makes the exams so he'll be able to tell you what exactly to expect.
5.0 : Probably the nicest and most helpful professor at GMU. He is crystal clear at explaining things and will not hesitate to help you if you need it. The tests are tricky, but focusing on the content Professor Dill suggests will benefit you greatly. Hands down the best professor to take for this class. You will not regret taking him!
2.5 : Most comments on here were not written by actual students. I do not recommend this professor bc he does not know what will be on the test. Take Bono if you can ,even if you heard horrible things about him bc he designs the tests. Final exam multiple choice part was one of the hardest i have taken at gmu so  Study very hard.
4.0 : He actually does care about getting his students to pass. He was always accessible by email (includes weekends). If you expect it to be spoon-fed to you, you're in the wrong class, but if you pay attention, ask questions,he will always help you. As for the final, he doesn't design the final but he tries to prepare you as best as possible.
5.0 : Just to clarify,I am a real student at GMU. Prof Dill is an incredible person&amp;prof. He is thorough, clear &amp; willing to go the extra mile to help in any way. Dill is sincere, honest, passionate &amp; enjoys teaching. His goal is not only for you to pass but to fully grasp java prog. Would take him always! TheBest! HardClass! STUDY! FOCUS! ExamsCountMost
5.0 : AMAZING professor! he knows his stuff and he knows it much better how to make sure you get that,,he makes the lectures very interesting and engaging ,,always ready to assist and very cheerful person,,he also knows the names of all the students in his class( he does not need attendance sheet!) i wish he taught IT-206, 207,and 306 too
5.0 : Professor Dill is a great teacher. He is enthusiastic and tries his best to explain Java material to students new to coding. This class is hard if you don't study or do any homework.. so pay attention in class and do the assignments! A lot of self studying/learning will be required so learn Java well because it will make you more desirable (job)
4.5 : After failing IT106 the first time, I took the class with him and saw java and programming in a whole another way. So much that, i am thinking about changing my concentration to programming. The way he explains it and his analogies make perfect sense. The key here is, though, you need to put in the effort this class requires. DO THE ASSIGNMENTS!!!!
1.0 : Do not recommend. Skips pp slides, rushing lectures makes no sense bc one month before the final there was no more material to cover. explain things that will not be on the test(might not be his fault since he is not the head of the dpt).  Again, how am I supposed to pass a class if you literally have no clue of what will be on the test?
4.5 : There are a lot of + and - reviews. Here's the thing, Dill is just teaching Bono's material. He doesn't have much control over it. He doesn't finish lectures, but he ensures we learn what we need to! I took him and my friend took someone else. He gives more review and study material than other 106 professors. He's also helpful during office hours!
5.0 : This class isn't as bad as everyone makes it out to be! Don't stress! Just make sure to attend the lectures and the labs. I suggest practicing the problems from lab for the written exams! Go to his office hours if you have any trouble with the assignments!! He really helps!
5.0 : Prof. Harper is great! She is really approachable and understands that we are students with lives. Few online quizzes that reflect the notes so come to class because the ppts. she post aren't enough to help. There is one individual paper, one group project and presentation, midterm and final. Come to class, read, take notes and you will get an A!
4.5 : I know other students who have said how difficult COMM 400 was for them, however if you take this class with Harper you will not regret it. There are two exams, if you attend class, take notes, &amp; study you will do fine. There is one group project that is fairly intense but if you ask for help, Prof. Harper will take the time to work with you!
4.5 : She is a younger professor, but knows what she's doing. Lectures are short and then there is a good amount of class discussion. Online chapter quizzes, midterm and final are short answer, 1 group paper and presentation, 1 individual paper and presentation. She is a fair grader and very approachable. I would take another class with her again.
4.5 : His goal is for you to pass. The homeworks are graded by the TA and isn't always consistent. Possible exam questions are given to do during class and the real exam questions are taken from that.
4.0 : Online class. Many homework assignments, quizzes and exams. Hw is easy, quizzes and exams are open book and powerpoint. Exams take the full time and are difficult. He does not post video lectures which would be very helpful. The supplementary materials are unnecessary.
4.0 : I was very worried in the beginning of biomechanics however after taking it with Dr. Martin I feel very prepared. This class involves lectures and labs which aren't difficult but can be time consuming. He really knows his stuff for this class and made it easy for us to understand.
5.0 : Great teacher!! Very little material to cover in course so midterm and final are a breeze, especially cause he provides you with a study guide identical to test. He also gives one paper which is also very easy. Enthusiastic teacher so he keeps class entertaining! This class is a must take if your a CRIM major!
5.0 : his lectures are like regular conversations so he makes you feel comfortable as you learn. he's straightforward so you know exactly what you need to do to get an A. i would definitely take him again. he's the man. he brought us donuts!!!
5.0 : Fornshill is an awesome teacher! he really cares about his students and does his best at keeping everyone engaged. He's hilarious, very understanding, and easy going. I just wish the class would've interacted more with him as well as within he students. Everyone was just dead quiet when he would ask questions. other then that HE'S AMAZING! TAKE HIM
4.0 : Fornshill is great! He's full of awesome stories and really likes to engage the class in discussions but eh doesn't really work out. His test are a breeze, straight from the study guide he provides you with! You have to do a ride along and write a paper. Extra credit provided! take him!
5.0 : Outstanding professor. Midterm, final, paper, and extra credit if needed. I learned more in his class than any other course at GMU. Make him Dean!
5.0 : Professor Fornshill is honestly the best. Participate in class! He loves good conversation and the class is more entertaining when people talk. He is very funny. Lots of guest speakers. 2 easy exams but still study.  I would 100% take him again. He has an attendance sheet every class. Take him!
5.0 : Fornshill is the man and definitely one of my all-time favorite professors. He believes in actually learning the material and not giving students stupid overly-hard exams because that's not what it's about for him! He is so engaging and hilarious. I took him twice, three cheers for Fornshill. Also a hottie.
5.0 : Professor Fornshill is the best. Do it. Just, Do it.
5.0 : Amazing professor. I would take him for every class if I could. Very entertaining class. 2 exams and a ride along with a paper. Highly recommend him.
5.0 : Midterm, final, ride along + short response paper, and extra credit blackboard discussion board postings. Really wants participation. He's hilarious; I can see him doing stand-up comedy if he decides to do so after his career in law enforcement-related work. One of my favorite professors I've had!
5.0 : The BEST professor at George Mason University hands down. The professor has knowledge and experience in the Crimonolgy field. His lectures are the best and you laugh majority of the time. He brings in great guest speakers from different fields. His teaching style resembles his exams. He is there for the students no matter what. GREAT PROFESSOR!!!!
5.0 : Professor Fornshill is the best professor I've had during my 6 years at Mason. He takes a genuine interest in students and really does all that he can to help you succeed. Two exams and one paper but those grades are there to help you and definitely work in your favor. Guest speakers are really great too. Take this class!!!!!! He's wonderful!!!!!!!
5.0 : Took Policing in America during the summer. Fornshill is a sweet and hilarious guy. His personal experiences make great stories and he's very qualified to teach the subject. 2 tests and 1 six page paper on a movie. Easy A. Lectures are hilarious and very interesting. If you need an upper level, elective, or crim course TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Professor Fornshill is very social and approachable guy. He is understanding to students needs. His class is structured with a socratic method where the class leads the discussions based on the question he asks. Then he will go over brief powerpoint slides.  The course only consist of Midterm, Final, class participation, &amp; 4-5 pg reflective paper.
5.0 : Great practical experience.  Awesome teacher.  If you need a class take him!
5.0 : He is awesome! he takes attendance most of the time, but doesn't care if you go or not. His class is chill..  just talking to everyone like a normal conversation instead of an actual lecture. no homework. no quizzes. one midterm &amp; final multiple choice both only around 25 questions super easy and one short paper. doesn't matter if you have textbook
5.0 : Professor Fornshill, hands down, one of the best professor of the Criminology department. I really enjoyed his teaching style and is always open to work with students. His primary focus is his students' success. I would take his class over and over! One thing, I felt bad when he asks for students to participate but they do not. In short, TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Prof Fornshill is hilarious! Class is very interesting, two short exams and a paper. He is very helpful and knows what hes talking about. Would definitely take again
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Will take a class of his again
4.5 : Definitely one of my favorite classes at Mason. Fornshill is fun, engaging and interesting. I was excited to come to class each week. The midterm and final both took me about 5 minutes to complete (exactly like the study guide) and had to write a 2 page paper about a police ride along. The class brings up controversial subjects and sparks debate.
5.0 : Best professor ever. Easy exams and overall great class. Would Definitely take him again
5.0 : She was an amazing professor and very helpful.  She wanted to make sure that you did well in the class and was always good at answering questions.  Best Professor I have had so far at Mason.
4.5 : This professor is AMAZING. So helpful and always there to help boost your grade or assist you in understanding the material. She really respects the students and is respected in turn. Super nice and class wasn't too difficult. Seriously take her if you get the chance, she is smart and knows her subject well. And has an adorable Turkish accent too!
1.0 : If you expect to use this class as a basis for further study, don't take this professor. She uses outdated information and is difficult to understand. That being said, if you're just taking it for credit, it's easy as can be to get an A...
5.0 : Professor Gur is awesome! The class setup is set on what you want to study and get out of it. You write 2 short papers that lead up to the long paper on the area of study you are interested in. Weekly discussion boards and 3 papers, very fun online class!
5.0 : A great professor. Take her classes if you love learning and challenging yourself.
5.0 : although this class was crammed into 5 weeks, it was very doable. You have discussion board posts due each week and 2 major papers, its not hard if you do the readings and connect with the material... would recommend this professor to anyone!
5.0 : Professor Gur is great! Take thisclass, even if you don't know anything about conflict studies. There are two ten-page papers and four weekly discussion posts. She tells you exactly how to do each assignment, and she grades very fairly. All you have to do is incorporate her lectures and the textbook readings into your answers, and you'll do great.
3.0 : I took this course online which may have been my first mistake. I found a lot of difficulty in understand her syllabus. She also didn't give us a lot of guidance on two big papers or the discussion boards. There was even a case where she didnt tell us about an assignment until 2 hours before it was due. Just take it in person if you can
5.0 : Absolutely loved taking Professor Gur's class this semester. She is a caring and attentive person, and she was always easy to reach. Also, her grading criteria is very clear, and she is a fair grader. She is one of the nicest professors I have ever had at GMU.
5.0 : Per week: read one chapter, watch lecture, 1 discussion post and two replies. You also have A mid term paper and final project and a 5 min presentation. No exams or tests. She is understanding and grades fairly. Her feedback is really helpful and helps you improve your work especially if you're new to the field. Would definitely take her again!
5.0 : LOVE HER!!!! she responds to emails if you need anything clarified, and really values students opinions. most of the course work is opinion based and she rocks. Easy A, taught me a lot!!
5.0 : She is amazing. One of the best for basic Spanish. She helps whenever you need her assistance. She answers promptly your emails. She explains clearly. She uses the technology to motivate the class. Makes the class very interesting and fun. Take this course with her.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher ! Even though she will get on you for not doing your online assignments before class, she is pretty easy and she appreciates you trying to make an effort to speak to her in spanish. She also does not speak in spanish the whole time.
5.0 : She is a great teacher. Takes time to explain your concerns at the beginning of each class; makes you think, talk, write, relate, discuss. It is a class to be with your eyes wide open! Thank you professor Sozzi.
5.0 : She is a very good professor! She cares about her students and makes sure we understand the material. She doesn't like when you are absent but as long as you do the homework and pay attention in class you will get a good grade. We almost always went over what was going to be on the tests and quizzes. Best spanish professor!
3.0 : She is very helpful for sure but she expects a lot from you as a student. There is a lot of online homework and in class time is all practice. She basically tells you exactly what's on each test though so it's clear what you have to know. She sends A LOT of emails, but she is accessible outside of class too.
2.0 : Sozzi has no business teaching this class. She doesn't understand how to use the course website or the projector for that matter. She is condescending when mistakes are made and once assigned a quiz on material not in the textbook or covered in class. When confronted with the textbook she got angry and insisted we take it anyways. Do not take.
5.0 : Great professor. She really cares about her students. I recommend her to anyone who wants a nice professor for this challenging course.
4.5 : Likes to relate to her students and gives great feedback. Always is willing to explain vocabulary more clearly and is always willing to help. Show up to the midterm and final review days. THEY WILL HELP. Also be sure to stay on top of all the readings. Nice teacher with a new perspective on learning. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Amy is an amazing professor who is very down to earth, helpful and succeeds in making sure her lectures are engaging and entertaining. The speeches are very close together though so you need to stay on your toes to ace this class. Fair warning that she does get a bit more strict on deadlines and assigned speech days near the end of the semester!
5.0 : I love professor Hasselkus! she makes the class so interesting even though the material is so common sense and boring. She is funny and very understanding if you could not turn in an assignment on time. The course itself is a loooot of work!! Otherwise, she is great! We need more professors like her in GMU!
5.0 : Excellent Professor! Ms. Amy provides students with all of the tools necessary to be successful in her course. Incredibly kind and always willing to lend an ear or help you throughout the semester.   Not a class you can skip and be prepared to put in an hour of schoolwork outside of class every week.
5.0 : Very helpful with questions and concerns.  She is very clear about what/when things  are due so it was easy to get things done.  Grading is straight from the rubrics so just read up and check off what you need to do.  Otherwise fun class.
5.0 : Amy is an awesome professor. She cares about her students and goes above and beyond to make sure you understand her lessons.
5.0 : Amy is a great professor! I like her as a person and I would absolutely take a class with her again. Since COMM 101 is required for everyone anyway, Amy is a great choice for a professor to teach it. There are several projects to do and lots of online reading quizzes (short and easy) for all classes of COMM101. Just do the work and you'll be fine!
4.0 : She excellent teacher. She will help you understand research credit opportunities for the class . She will help you understand topic the best way she shows.
5.0 : She's a really nice and cool professor! I enjoyed her class because she makes things fun and engaging. The only problem with this class is the massive amounts of assignments, which includes homework, essays, and presentations, but that has nothing to do with Professor Hasselkus because the department controls the content. Other than that, take her!
5.0 : Professor Hasselkus is one of the best professors you'll take at Mason! She's laid back and is an easy grader, but do show up to class bc she cares about attendance.
5.0 : She's a very good public speaker, and she explains the material very well. She's also a very reasonable person when it comes to grading and speech days.  Her lectures are really fun and the class is fully engaged in conversation. If you can, take her!
5.0 : Professor Hasselkus is awesome. She is very clear in explaining the concepts and makes the class interesting. She is very nice and cares about everyone in the class. You can always talk to her and ask and she will answer. I would definitely take her again. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Professor Hasselkus is incredibly caring and an excellent professor who really wants her students to succeed. She made a GenEd class fun and actually useful, and her class is nowhere near difficult if you do your work. We did have a lot of assignments but they were to-the-point and fairly easy. Take her, she's amazing!
5.0 : She is an amazing professor! Her classes are very interesting and if you do not understand something, just ask her and she will explain everything in details. A lot of homework, but it was not her choice (department prepared syllabus). She will do anything for you to succeed!
5.0 : Do reading quizzes (multiple attempts, no reason to not get 100%) and show up to class (she has activities randomly assigned not there then don't get credit for it). I goofed off on skipping 2 major assignments but she's great! Interesting lectures and for the more technical concepts she explains so simply and concise.
3.5 : I won't say this was the best class. Goes too fast in explaining stuff and might cut you while explaining something. Lectures are extremely boring sometimes. Exams are hard; study guides don't fulfill their purpose lol. However, he is willing to help and is an easygoing professor.
4.5 : Professor Sabat was my favorite teacher at Mason thus far. His lectures are intellectually stimulating, as he does his best to make everyone involveed. We did not use the textbook at all so do not buy it! He also baked us cookies on the first day of class which is never bad. 10/10 would recommend this class!
4.0 : Very nice guy! I totally recommend him!Four test and one project. Fairly easy.
4.5 : AMAZING!  If you do the work there is no way not to end up with anything but an A.  The easiest to navigate online course I've taken at Mason.  It's clear he wants his students to succeed and he is easily accessible.  Great professor!  No tests just two projects and chapter discussion boards and quizzes.  Can't recommend enough!
3.5 : Not a good online instructor.  online tests are too limited by time.  Example: Cumulative Final covering 13 chapters: 75 multiple choice questions - must be completed in 60 minutes!  Unreasonable.  I have taken many online classes, and have never had this rigid of a time limit.
4.5 : Take him. It was online class and there were   13 online quizzes. There was time limit due to prevention of cheating, but it was reasonable (ex. 23 questions for 23 minutes). It will be enough if you fully understand and study before taking quiz. 2 projects and he gave the grade very generous.  I recommend him!!
4.0 : Professor Sabat is a great professor. His exams are a bit tough but he is more than happy to help you if you have any questions before the exams. He is very funny and does his best to keep the lectures engaging.
5.0 : Really nice Professor and very helpful. If you do the work you can easily get an A in this class and it is a reasonable amount of work.
5.0 : Really excellent professor, he cares about his students and is there to help you do well! I enjoyed the class and learned a lot without it being super stressful.
5.0 : Professor Tanyu lives his subject. He is in it for you to actually learn- you need to study to do well. He respects his students by recognizing you're capable of dealing with more complex material, so if you need a little more time to process things, make sure you go over things before and after lecture. Fascinating and useful material.
1.0 : Not at all helpful and extremely confusing during all lectures. Would not answer questions we had about homework in class and would never give feedback on homework assigned just received grades. Literally the worst professor I have taken at GMU.
5.0 : Great professor, I would really recommend him to anyone.  Very knowledgeable in his field and is always there if your having issues.  His test are hard, BUT if you study you'll be fine.
5.0 : Very good professor, always prepared and very well versed with his area of knowledge. You need to work hard in his class to get good grades. Assignments given in class need extra bit of effort but its all worth it. If you're a good student then I'll recommend to take his classes.
3.5 : This was a difficult class but as long as you keep up with the readings, you should be fine. Mrs. A. tried to simplify the content and used real life examples which was helpful.
2.5 : Very difficult to understand and will be a challenge to do well in. This class requires a lot of time and effort. Many of the people in the class struggled to pass.
4.5 : Tough class, but the teacher is very helpful. It's a lot to memorize-but if you study you'll be fine.
5.0 : She clarifies everything about the class on day 1.  Her class is not difficult if you keep up with the material.  Her lectures are well laid out and very demonstrative.  If you have a problem with something, let her know.  She'll help you out.  She's also very nice, she treats each student like an adult, and encourages students to socialize.
5.0 : Professor Norcross is the BEST! She cares about her students and is extremely helpful. She is also funny as hell. There are only 4 essays and on the last reading quiz she let us make up the questions and we chose them. We probably had 5 reading quizzes total and they were 5 questions each. She is the best, definitely take her class if you can!
5.0 : Loved this class, he was so passionate about the subject that he really draws you in and makes it interesting. His class was something I looked forward to and would definitely take again. His tests are fairly easy because he gives you all the possible terms and questions before hand. He also really cares about his students.
5.0 : Passionate. Engaging. Interesting for someone who dislikes HIST. Doesn't post lectures. 3 test (gives study guide essentially 70% of test). 2 easy novels (checkout/borrow, don't rent/buy). 2 papers. "Pop" quizzes (drops lowest). Can get away w/o reading textbook (but READ). Go to class, READ, take notes, do study guide &amp; study you'll get A.
4.5 : I never thought I would enjoy a history class until I met Elzey. He makes the lectures interesting! I never fell asleep which is crazy because it was a 9am lecture! There are assigned readings..I rarely read, but they ARE helpful! His powerpoints are understandable and he explains every point.  3 Tests (w study guide),POP QUIZZES,2 books,1 essay
5.0 : Great professor, he covers a lot of material in a short amount of time but he is not boring. There is a lot of opportunity  to redeem a bad grade but there are no make up and attendance is mandator. He doesn't post his slides so if you miss it you have to get them from someone. All in all this was a great class. I would recommend
5.0 : I really did like professor Elzey. He certainly made you work for your grade though. I had to make dozens and dozens of notecards to even attempt to remember all of the terms he had on the test. Go to class, take good notes, and study off of the study guide. One thing about him... He knows his stuff and isn't a bad lecturer because of his enthusiam
5.0 : I have to say he is a great professor, very kind to his students, reply email very quick, introduce lots of fantastic materials. Attendance is mandatory and you will have 2-3 opportunities to miss classes without any reasons
2.5 : I really think Professor Elzy is a great professor IF and ONLY IF you are interested in history. This is not history made for people that hate it because there is a lot of people and terms to memorize which can get confusing. He does make the class "fail proof" by giving you materials, but there is A LOT of outside reading and studying for him.
4.5 : I usually hate history but Elzey's lectures are so easy to listen to.  He tell everything like a story.  Sometimes you wonder if he was there.   The tests are a little difficult but very easy if you memorize the study guide. MEMORIZE THE STUDY GUIDE! I recommended him to two of my closest friends and they love him as much as I do. Such a cool guy.
4.0 : No textbook, but you do need to get and read 4-5 novels (apx 200 pages) which you are quizzed on and required to write short essay on at least two. Attendance is important, 2 exams (short answer and essay questions). Also a group presentation and paper. Nice professor, very informative, be prepared to take notes. Would take again.
5.0 : Professor Elzey is an amazing lecturer. He is always willing to go the extra mile to explain things for students who are struggling. His exams are moderately difficult, however he prepares you extremely well for them. I HIGHLY recommend taking this professor regardless of the subject matter. Prof Elzey is influential and an overall great person.
5.0 : He is very passionate with history, I myself are not that passionate but he really made things interesting. Make sure you do the review for the exams, its very helpful. It takes a lot of work and reading for this course but he is always offering for help during his office hours. Sidetone, he was a college basketball player and showed cool tricks!
5.0 : I was in a previous history class that was already extremely difficult, and so I dropped and switched into this class. BEST IDEA. He is a really great teacher and knows his history. He makes lectures a little better with his enthusiasm. There are 3 major exams. The study guides do require memorization, but you'll ace the exam.
5.0 : There are 3 exams, 6 quizzes and 1 paper. Prof Elzey is very clear in his lectures and has been very accommodating for me this semester because of my disability. He's very understanding and encouraging. He truly wants his students to succeed. He posts study guides before tests but not for all quizzes. The tests are easy if you use the study guide.
4.5 : Takes attendance which is strange for a class of 300 students. His lectures are not too boring but it is history so I was not very interested. He assigns readings and there are 3 test in a semester. He gives study guides and there is no reason not to do well if you study. There is also one paper you have to write, about 3-4 pages.
5.0 : Prof. Elzey has a great sense of humor and his lectures are very laid back.  He does count attendance no matter how large of a class you have. There are a few books to read, and you have to write a paper on one of them (of your choice). There are quizzes, but he drops your lowest grade. It's an easy class where you actually learn something from it.
3.5 : If you can imagine an AP World teacher that you really would want he is the one. The class feels like high school again with long lectures and movies that cover half the content you need to know. Tests are a challenge but passable if you study for them.  Grading is relatively easy if you act like you put forth effort. I am not a history fan.
5.0 : TAKE HIM! Hands down my favorite professor thus far. He makes an active effort to learn students names, and cares about your well-being in the class. Amazing orator and very easy to talk to. Only 3 exams and one paper, the study guide he posts is exactly what you need to know for the exam, although you have to memorize quite a bit. Fairly easy A.
3.0 : I seriously do not recommend taking him. Before this class, I used to like history but he ruined it for me. This was my only gen-ed this semester and was by far the most stressful out of my 3&amp;400 level classes. His tests are RIDICULOUSLY lengthy and the study guides are more hurtful than they are helpful bc he gives you 40+ terms only to ask you 7
5.0 : I absolutely enjoyed this class. Yes you have to study for the tests but they really are not too hard. I never did the readings and I still managed to pass the few quizzes; skimming helps, too. Go to class! Sign in every class, easy way for credit. He is a great, caring, and funny guy and I would totally take more classes with him.
5.0 : He's interesting and energetic, passionate and knowledgable. Lots of quizzes/homework and 3 exams. There's a lot of material (c'mon, it's Western Civ), but he provides study guides, reminders. Definitely would take him again.
3.0 : I really liked him although he was a really tough grader. The majority of the class all got C's or D's on exams and I have had no prior problems with any history class. Quizzes are easy and he gives improvement credit at the end of the semester. I ended up with a B just because of that. You can get a good grade just have to try! Use his powerpoints
4.5 : Professor Elzey is by far the best lecturer I have ever had. His passion for history become obvious within seconds of his first lecture. I came to like history after taking his class.
5.0 : This class was extremely interesting and exciting. It's a course on the history of basketball. There are 5 two page essays, a  mid-term, final and random quizzes. The class is not easy because of the workload but rather the grading. Elzey is a very easy grader. Also he's very enthusiastic about what he teaches.
5.0 : If you're not interested in history, I definitely recommend Elzey. Attendance is a quiz grade but he makes the class really interesting, you'll never be bored &amp;actually love lecture. He assigns a reasonable amount of reading from the textbook and he assigns only 3 other books you'll need that you can buy/rent super cheap.
5.0 : The class content was interesting and he is very good at lecturing. Great sense of humor. He gives study guides to show what is on the test. 3 exams, a paper, and multiple quiz grades. The issue I had with this class is that I believe it is far too much reading for a 100 level course.
5.0 : Take him. He was the best professorteacher i've has in a long time. He is very passionate on the subject he teaches and teaches it very well. His lectures give you a clear picture of history. Great professor when you are a freshman taking your first semester, as it will help you transition to your college life.
5.0 : There is almost no homework. You do not need to read the textbook, so long as you pay attention in class and take great notes!! Three midterm tests, no cumulative exam. One paper. Elzey is a fantastic lecturer who makes the class interesting and engaging. He really cares about his students. Grading is clear but everything carries a lot of weight.
5.0 : I have to say he's a nice guy thought I have no interest in history. You're expected to attend every class cuz he won't post the ppt on bb, and also there's a sign-in sheet every class. Three exams in total but not accumulative, there're studyguide for you to prepare for it, simply remember all the answers. His office hours are very helpful.
3.5 : There are only 3 or 4 tests in the semester and a lower one in the beginning can be raised if you do well on the final. His lectures are partnered with slide shows that have a basic outline of the entire lesson. There are quizzes, but as long as you do the reading you'll pass easily.
5.0 : Great class, great professor. 3 Tests, one paper, multiple quizzes. Quizzes are very easy. Expects a lot of detail in essay questions for tests but gives you a study guide with literally 90% of the test on it so it's not difficult. Took him in the summer 3 hours a day twice a week and never got bored, hes a great professor with great enthusiasm
5.0 : Professor Elzey is by far the best professor that I have had the pleasure of taking courses with at GMU. I have been in three total and wish I could fit more into my schedule. Very straightforward of expectations and passionate about the topics he delves into. Do yourself a favor. Take his classes.
5.0 : Professor Elzey makes the lectures actually interesting and engaging. There is not tons of work and only one paper. I would caution anyone who doesn't read all assignments or attend every class though. If you don't do both of those things you are going to have a hard time getting a good grade.
4.5 : He's really awesome. He used to be a professional basketball player. He makes the class very clear and easy as long as you read the book and study.  He is very helpful and the class is clear and concise.
5.0 : Great lecturer, makes class pass relatively quickly. Makes it seem like he's telling a story rather than teaching a class. Decently funny. Fair grader, not overly easy but certainly not "tough" by any means.  Good amount of reading, but not much hw beyond that.
5.0 : Solid teacher. You can really tell he loves teaching. He posts study guides online so if you show up to lectures and make an effort to study it really shouldn't be hard. He also encourages improvement and offers extra credit if you do better than you did on your last exam.
5.0 : He is such a great public speaker... he remembered all his students names and he is so considerate and respectful. LOVE
4.0 : Chris Elzey is an awesome professor! His class is mainly powerpoint based and there is recommended reading but it is not mandatory. Make sure you go to class and take notes because he doesn't post online notes. He is a EXCELLENT speaker and is very friendly outside of the class environment! HE GIVES STUDY GUIDES FOR ALL TESTS!!. Easy and fun A :)
4.5 : Came into this class with no desire to learn history whatsoever, but he makes it super interesting and comical. Great professor, comes to class prepared and ready to kick it off. Straightforward and legitimate guy. Attendance counts as a quiz grade. Sign up for him!
4.5 : Great professor....3 tests and a couple pop quizzes. You get to choose to write 1 of 3 essays. Very good at explaining and liked amongst students
5.0 : Dude's awesome. He has a way of turning history into a story which really grabs your attention, and you can relate to it better. He also loves sports, so he makes sports references frequently. One time he spun a basketball on a pen, that was sick
4.5 : If you hate pop quizzes or attendance, don't take his class. He allows 2 absences, PERIOD. Any more than that only a school function will excuse it (even illness and hospital will not excuse). Also gives several pop quizzes, so keep up with your reading. Grades slightly harder than other teachers I've had. No extra credit. Helpful if you need it.
5.0 : Amazing lectures, quizes are easy, test are not.
5.0 : Prof. Elzey lives and breathes history. If you are going to take a class, it may as well be with the master. I wish he taught all of the Mason Core classes, I'd take him every time! Caring, passionate, friendly, intelligent. These are just some words that describe Prof. Elzey, a true Patriot.
3.0 : He knows what he's talking about with this class, but the class is hard, especially if you're planning to breeze through it with an easy A. Only 3 tests but you gotta study, a lot of pop quizzes so don't skip class. Reach out to him and his student aids, I can't stress that enough with a lecture class like this one. Overall, very friendly teacher!
5.0 : Elzey is an absolutely phenomenal professor. He is so passionate and knowledgeable about the subject. His lectures are engaging and interesting. You do have to read the textbook, and the tests are just super memorization heavy, but I'd take him again in a heartbeat. He's absolutely amazing. Definitely take him if you have the chance.
4.0 : I hate history but loved this class! Elzey is very passionate about history and inspires you to like it too. He does assign readings, takes attendance, and 3 tests. He is tries to contribute to the different learning styles of students through comic books, movies, and small reads. I would take again
3.0 : Professor Elzey's very respectful towards his students and has interesting lectures. He has a variety of readings that I found really interesting despite hating history. He does take attendance for a quiz grade so if you're a skipper don't take his class. He has two papers (one on any of his reading material and a choice between two movies).
4.5 : Took notes everyday on power points but he doesn't upload them on blackboard. COMPLETE AMD MEMORIZE THE STUDY GUIDES BECAUSE THEY ARE HELPFUL. FOR EACH EXAM. He's such a chill and nice teacher overall. He made history a very interesting subject. We also had class discussions but many students didn't really discuss.
5.0 : Professor Elzey is an amazing professor. I have been avoiding Western Civ. for years, but he made it so fun and interesting. We had a number of quizzes, but he drops the lowest 2- which was very helpful. He was very friendly and easy to talk to. I already signed up to take another class with him next semester!
5.0 : Prof Elzey is a good prof. The class consists of 3 exams He gives you a study guide for it. USE QUIZLET,1 paper on a book, there are 3 books you can choose 1 to write about, that was super easy. He expects you to read, his lectures help understand the material. I didn't go to class, I had a friend sign me In and I still passed using quizlet.
4.0 : I absolutely HATE history, but I am so glad I chose Prof. Elzey. You can tell this man loves his subject. He gives quizzes out of nowhere (so read!) and his lecture presentations aren't available on Blackboard. You only get 2 excused absences during the semester, and he requires you to write 1 of 3 papers. Overall, great class &amp; great professor!
5.0 : He has to be one of the best professors for history at Mason. I came into this class not taking it very seriously because it was a Gen Ed. However, I payed attention in his class and his lectures were surprisingly interesting! I usually don't like history but he really made the class interesting. It's not an easy A but you will learn a lot.
4.5 : Elzey is a cool prof. If you're into history, he won't disappoint. Clear instructions for the paper and a well put together study guide. Exams are not a cake walk, but are manageable. Just go to class, take good notes, pay attention, put effort towards the paper and you'll pass with flying colors.
5.0 : I honestly loved this class so much that I went with my gut and switched my major to history. Professor Elzey teaches the class as if he is telling a story, and it is very engaging. The required books were so interesting, I didn't want to put them down. When you take Western Civ. make sure you get him as a Professor!
5.0 : The exams 75% written, so study the material! Do not walk into an exam, not having gone to the lectures or read the textbook, expecting to pass. I am a biology major and I loathe history, but this professor made it more than tolerable. He cares about his students, and I would take it again. I didn't received anything below a B-.
5.0 : Elzey cares greatly about his students and will always be willing to help you. There is a somewhat substantial amount of reading and writing to do, particularly for his upper-level classes (which are mostly about sports and are awesome). He is a very fair grader and an entertaining lecturer. One of the best professors at Mason in my opinion.
4.0 : Cool, caring, humorous guy. Lectures typically boring, unless you like history, with occasional interesting parts. A few novels to read and you have to write a paper on one but it's really easy. Quizzes ridiculously easy. You do not need to read the textbook at all, just memorize the study guide for the tests the night before. Tests not cumulative.
5.0 : Awesome lab instructor! Easy A and always answered questions.
5.0 : Probably the nicest TA I've ever met. Such a kind person and he is always willing to help and answer questions (he pretty much tells you the answer most of the time). He has his students' backs and he wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Good guy
5.0 : Prof Pad is probably my favorite professor at GMU. While she isn't the easiest, she is definitely the most relatable and really tries to connect with students. If you have the opportunity to take her, do it! You will not be disappointed. Also, it doesn't hurt to talk to her before class. If you show interest, she will do all she can.
3.5 : There's a lot of reading each week, granted we were warned before the semester even began. Easy to pass the class as long as you show up and do the reading. There are online posts which are a paragraph answer about the reading after each class, a quick warm-up question about the reading to take attendance, and 5 papers throughout the semester.
5.0 : She's the greatest English professor ever! If you can take her because you'll be so lucky to have her as a prof! She's super helpful and so nice as long as you do her work which isn't that hard. There's reading from the textbook but not even that much so its not too bad.
5.0 : My second time having her and LOVE LOVE LOVE her teaching methodology, and she also makes you look at work from different aspects.
5.0 : One of best proff. on George Mason University campus ever she is cool, works with you, and allows for understanding and input.
5.0 : Great professor. Interesting lectures and essay prompts. Extremely helpful feedback on essays.
4.5 : I accidentally signed up for her Monsters Lit class and it actually turned out to be very interesting. I didn't know anything about zombies prior to the class so it made it difficult to participate in class discussions, which there are a lot of. Remember to always take her side on the persuasion paper, if not she will rebut everything in your paper
5.0 : Dr. Heaton is a great professor! Her slides were sometimes long, but they are very detailed and helpful (Its better than reading the book!) We had open note tests which were hard, but that's what made me learn and actually try. I ended up with an A in the class. Loved her energy.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : This class was so easy. Just do your work and you will pass with a B or above. love this man.
3.5 : First off, I have to say that this class is pretty difficult if you have no prior knowledge of it. However, Prof Shah really gives his all in order to help students. He even gives out his number and asks students to text him if they need help. I probably would have given him a higher rating if the class was easier. Also, the textbook was used a lot
5.0 : He's clear on requirements for the class and always willing to help you if you need it. Class usually ends way earlier than scheduled time, sometimes even lasts one hour instead of three. Has a good sense of humor. He gave us a speech once about advocating and standing up for ourselves and encouraged us to argue for our grades. Really great person.
4.0 : The class is boring at first, but the Professor makes the class as entertaining as possible! The book is very helpful. The ppt slides are like the book, but the book gives much more detail. There is a lot of work for this class (IT Reports, hw, reading), so make sure you do it ahead of time than doing it last minute!
4.5 : He taught the course but used John Bonos syllabus.The book is Very helpful.The class itself is difficult if you are initially starting IT.He is energetic,entertaining and knowledgeable.He has the passion for IT and wants you to enjoy it as much as he does.If you have questions,ASK!He loves to answer questions.Work hard,stay up to date with work.
3.0 : So much busy work! You end up writing a 2-3 page essay every week on top of a quiz. For the exams, memorize everything from the quizzes. He will provide you with a list of things to know how to do for the coding portion. Stay on top of your work and you will be ok!
5.0 : Great professor! There are homeworks every week, a two-part project, two midterms and a final. He grades the project, as long as you do it you get a good grade. Make sure to go the class before exams because he goes through exam questions before so you know what to expect. He will also bump up grades!! Only buy the SQL book!!
5.0 : 322 is a lot of good work. If you attend the class, ask questions and do the work, you will be fine. He has a lot of industry knowledge deep into analytics and loves to teach this. Always helpful and courteous.
3.0 : There's no lectures or study guides. You are basically reading the textbook and self-teaching yourself. Expect 4 assignments due every week, but the assignments are not hard. There are only 2 exams, a midterm and a final exam. You are required to purchase the online textbook with mindtap to do the online assignments.
5.0 : Great professor, made the material interesting and the class fun. There are two midterms and a final, a two part project and some homeworks. I would recommend getting only the MySQL book to be able to do the HWs but don't bother getting the other book, you never use it. Study well for the multiple choice questions on the tests and you should be ok
5.0 : Best Professor ever!!!!!!!!
5.0 : He's a really chill dude who actually knows what he's talking about.  He knows the stuff is kind of boring but he lightens the class up w/ chillness &amp; attendance not mandatory but helpful
5.0 : Anwar Ahmad is one of the most sincere, intelligent, dedicated, devoted, organized, available, helpful, and respectful instructor I have ever taken class with. In my opinion, there is no better Java instructor than him. He teaches Java in a manner which can make any student understand the material very well. He has a good knowledge of Java. Best.
5.0 : By far, THE BEST professor ever
5.0 : He is the most helpful professor that I ever had. He simplifies and explains the materials very well. No matter how many times you ask the same question, he explains it to you with patience. In term of grading, TA's grade the assignments not him!!!
5.0 : I agree with all the positive comments here about this professor. He is very patient, and always went all out to help his students. Great teacher!
5.0 : The greatest profs. ever
5.0 : IT206 is like a nightmare class specially if you take online but Prof Whitestone is one of the best teachers I have ever had online. He replies back quick if you have any questions and gives you very clear understanding of the subject. One of the best teachers GMU has. He is pro in his field. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED If you really want to learn java.
5.0 : I can honestly say he is the best IT 206 professor. He is extremely knowledgeable and shows you the concepts quite clearly and codes along with you, helping you find and fix bugs. Teaching style keeps you engaged and the examples he uses help the concepts stick in your mind. Very highly recommended!
4.0 : This class is a ton of work and practically a second job (Bono is the primary class coordinator).  Prof. Whitestone understands that most of us work for a living and have a family, which is more than I can say about 95% of the other teachers at GMU.  Very good during midterm and final exam review sessions.  Usually answered emails within 24 hours.
4.0 : The BEST physics lab TA. Explains the lab well and really tries to make students understand it. Grades lab reports fairly. Final was hard but gave out a review. DEF TAKE HIM!
5.0 : BEST TA FOR PHYSICS!  Had him twice for physics 1&amp;2 lab, super nice and grades leniently.  Wants you to learn and understand and will answer questions when you ask! Lab reports are easily, follow the format and you will be fine! TAKE HIM!
4.5 : Pretty much just pay attention when he lectures and read handouts when you do the lab reports. Just follow the rubric and you'll get an A! This class in general is not too bad. Steven is good at explaining concepts but beware this class can get confusing especially with the circuits !
5.0 : Definitely one of the best physics TA. Labs for physics II are annoying but he grades leniently and is really helpful. I would recommend him.
5.0 : He was always detailed &amp; clear on expectations. His main objectivee were best practice for the solid preparation, understanding and implementation of the principles of ABA. He was always available to talk by phone or email. The complexity and difficultly level of EDSE 625 was a 1 on a 5 point scale but even so, Dr. H thoroughly explained content.
2.5 : He is the single most pretentious jerk I have ever met. I have never encountered a professor so pompous. He inferred that I must have been lazy or stupid when I asked for clarification on some concepts. He acted annoyed that I asked for help at all and actually said, "It is not my job to explain things to you."
5.0 : Dr. Hoch is single handedly THE best professor for Applied Behavior Analysis in the world.  He's definitely the best ABA teacher at GMU.  The way he structures his teaching is so behavioral - it makes you learn.  Through guided notes, quizzes you can retake, multiple modalities for watching or reading each lecture, and  LOT of real APPLIED examples
5.0 : I really respect Dr. Hoch. He is tough but only because he's prepping us to pass the exam. He actually uses the criteria we need in order to be good behavior analysts. He's funny and uses practical stuff and really cares about what he's doing. I learn a lot each lesson and really enjoy his classes. Even though there is a lot of work, it's not bad.
3.0 : I appreciated the practical tips that gave context to the course content. The textbook that talks about fraudulent science was heavy-handed and laughably subjective. Syllabus was clear. The flashcards exercise was helpful. Hoch knows his stuff. He also shared his recorded Youtube lectures for people who missed class.
5.0 : Dr. Hoch is one of the best professors I've had at Mason. He is so knowledgeable,  you will learn SO much from him. He is also incredibly helpful. He gives out his phone number in the beginning of the semester so you can call or text him with questions. He always gets back to you quickly and provides great feedback. I'd highly recommend him!
5.0 : She's honestly the nicest teacher, and she's really helpful. She has her office hours at Starbucks and she basically helps you write your papers. She guides you through everything step by step which could get annoying at times but she's a great teacher to take english with. She sometimes gave extra credit for showing up to class.
5.0 : She is really good about meeting with us especially when we're working on drafts. She gives a ton of feedback. I never skipped this class because I feel like I'm actually learning stuff. Plus shes a young prof and fun. Prof Heiden is super approachable and YOU SHOULD TAKE HER CLASS.
5.0 : I took her as an online class and it was amazing how quickly she would give feedback. Her grading was extremely laid back and she was always available when you needed her. I would take any class with her again.
3.0 : Heiden is a very hard grader and someone who makes you get a ton of books... and most of them you only use once or twice.
5.0 : Professor Heiden is amazing and passionate.  She loves her subject and helped me love it too!  Always available to meet for extra help, and really understanding when I had a tough family situation going on.  We always had really fun but productive classes.  I would definitely take her again!
4.5 : She is an great professor, office hours are in Starbucks and partially writes the paper for you if you go!!! Really nice and understanding, she also is very clear about assignments.  I highly recommend her!
4.5 : I had heard this class was a lot of work for a 1 credit course but Katelyn makes it as easy as she can. We didn't use the book but attendance is mandatory (class participation is a large portion of your grade). Just pay attention in class, take thorough notes and do the assignments and you'll end up with an A or a B.
5.0 : She is so amazing!  I would take another class with her if I could, she makes the class so easy for students. Study guides and mock practicals really help and are very similar to her actual exams. and she is so pretty!
2.5 : Her powerpoint are great but her tests are hard and cover too much material at once.
5.0 : She is just awesome, the class is very easy if you have a solid background in neuroscience and/or anatomy. Tests are not hard and she even gave us a chance for extra credit. I enjoyed her class a lot! :D
5.0 : The study guide is just like the practicals/quizzes. She posts pics of the structures, so you know exactly what everything is. Memorize this 30 mins before the practical and you're golden. At first, the class is intimidating and seems hard but Katelyn does a great job walking you through everything.
5.0 : She is amazing! It honestly doesn't get any easier than this class. she hands out pictures and study guides of everything you need to know for the practicals and quizzes. loved this class
3.0 : She is a graduate student, not a professor. Although she explains material really well and is willing to help, it is an extremely difficult subject.  She canceled class more than twice with little time before class started. Also, she is also a little slow posting material on blackboard. the tests are very difficult and contain a lot of information.
3.0 : She is a graduate student, not a professor. Although she explains material really well and is willing to help, it is an extremely difficult subject.  She canceled class more than twice with little time before class started. She is also a little slow posting material on blackboard. The tests are very difficult and contain a lot of information.
5.0 : Katelyn is brilliant. She knows so much about her subject and does a great job of explaining things. It was very difficult material and required a lot of work on my part, but she did everything she could to make sure everyone understood it. Tests require studying.
5.0 : The assignments were enjoyable and informative. Her grading is straightforward and is a great introduction into ethnography.
4.5 : Professor Washington is awesome. She is one of the few professors that has actual experience in the field and really knows and understand the material she teaches. She has an interesting method of teaching where she allows students to exchange ideas in class and learn from each other. No exams, 4 papers and weekly discussion board posts.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing professor and great class. The entire semester work was well explained and expectations were clear. The class flew by and the discussions really helped solidify ideas. If you had any questions, Washington would give you a well detailed and thought-out response, it was clear she cared about her students.
5.0 : Amazing professor.  His grading scale is straight forward and he makes an already interesting subject more entertaining by telling FBI stories.  Would take again!
4.5 : Professor DiZinno has an impeccable background! He relates every lecture to a case that he has worked on before, making sure we understand the lecture and how it is applied in the field. Attendance is taken, but it is worth going! The text book helped me prepare for his quizzes and tests. There's only a couple grades so each test and quiz counts.
5.0 : He's such a nice professor who genuinely cares for his students. The class and grading is straightforward, just do the work and you'll be fine. Your grade is made up from (straight from syllabus):   Class Participation &amp; Attendance (15%)  Quiz 1 (15%)  Mid-term Exam (20%)  Quiz 2 (15%)  Final Exam (20%)  Presentation (15%)  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5.0 : His class is really interesting and is easy to pass. He tells awsome stories about the FBI amd even got me even more into it If your major is forensics you will really like the class
5.0 : This professor gives really interesting and informative lectures that tend to be capped with an FBI story from his former career.  Very clear, very helpful, and always up to answer any questions students have during lecture.
5.0 : Professor Dizinno is an amazing lecturer.  It was a larger class (about 80 students) but he still managed to get class participation and he was very straightforward with tests, lectures and what he expected of students.  He has FBI stories every class which are interesting and he definitely respects his students.  Would definitely take again!!!
5.0 : There's 2 exams and 2 quizzes throughout the semester.  There's one project that entails a one-page single spaced paper and a 5 minute (5 slide) powerpoint presentation.  The class is extremely easy and his FBI cases are interesting.  However, his quizzestests can be tricky and he's inconsistent when grading the short-answer portions.
5.0 : He is a retired FBI agent and worked in research pertaining to mitochondrial DNA, so he knows his stuff. His lectures can get boring but he makes it interesting by telling us FBI stories. His tests and final presentation are really easy. If you want to test yourself before the test, get the textbook otherwise do not buy it - you will never use it.
2.0 : He grades really tough and doens't seem to give very good feedback.  He will take off points on essays or projects but won't explain why.  Primarily reads from the powerpoints
5.0 : He is very straight forward with what he expects. If you just show an effort, he will help you. All of his lectures were interesting especially his FBI stories. He is very well qualified and highly respected, and he treats his students with respect.
4.5 : HARD. Class is interesting but almost worthless for exam prep.  Exam questions came from a Purves test bank and were ridiculously specific. Basically just read the chapters cover to cover and you will increase your chance of doing well.
4.5 : There is nothing I can say more about this professor. His teaching is good. He is friendly and very helpful when you ask for help. The best thing I liked is that he is an easy grading. It's a big mistake if you ignore taking the class with him.
4.0 : Lectures are boring but he is knowledgeable &amp; brings real life situations because he is the CEO of Celebrate Fairfax. Genuinely cares for students to succeed. No textbook or exams. Only had 2 easy papers and 1 project to count as our final. Attendance is mandatory, deducts 3% points each time you are absent. I got an A+. I would recommend him!
5.0 : He is SO BORING!!! He talks alot. but other than that he's a nice, chill professor. No tests, just big project. Light work. Would recommend if you can try to stay awake.
5.0 : Lectures were a bit dry but he was able to apply them to real life because he is the CEO of Celebrate Fairfax. The downside to that though is he only used Celebrate Fairfax as an example. Easy class, 2 papers, and one major group project that was the typical planning of a mock event. Got to be judged and critiqued by industry professionals.
5.0 : Barry knows his stuff, and is good at teaching it. He makes people feel that he truly wants his student to succeed. The class grade is basically made up of one big group project, it is a piece of work to put together, but he gives a lot of time and feedback to help you through it. Take this class to learn and love the field, he is a great professor
5.0 : I love barry. no tests no textbook two papers. if you are passionate about being an event planner then this class will help you tremendously.  i learned more in this class than any other class i have taken at GMU. he wants his students to succeed and be excited about material not to be stressed about grades. we volunteered at his fall festival
5.0 : Great professor great class! Take it!
5.0 : Wonderful professor. Likes to be called Barry. He's a great teacher because he is very smart in his field, gets straight to the point, and respects his students above all. The class is primarily one huge project that you pass for presenting, but it's a huge theoretical event. Just make sure to try on the project and you'll be fine.
4.5 : He's my favorite TEM professor so far, he is so knowledgeable in events and you'll learn so much in his class. Definitely take Tour 221!
4.0 : Barry is so involved in his field and his experience is evident in his lectures. His lectures can be condensed into about 2 hours; however, he goes on and on until the end of class. Although they're tedious, he relates all the material to current events which make it helpful to understand.
5.0 : Prof. Mazzone managed to be really chill and down to earth (as well as hilariously blunt/honest), as well as organized and considerate of his students. Show up to class, participate, and you will get a good grade.
4.5 : Raph is one of the most interesting professors I have ever had. He really submerges himself into the topic and makes the lecture interactive and insightful. It's nice to just sit back and listen  to him talk about whatever the lecture topic is because he has such an intriguing view on media. If he was teaching any other courses, I wouldn't hesitate
5.0 : Raph was an awesome professor and I would definitely take another class with him! He's really chill and does a great job of explaining the textbook terms and making the lectures hilarious with his stories. There was a lot of homework and papers but Raph made the class bearable and entertaining. If you need help he's also really easy to talk to :D
5.0 : Most chillest and understanding professors! Class was fun and he told everyone lots of funny stories. Great grades all around, Totally recommend him!
5.0 : Mazzone is probably my absolute favorite professor of this semester. He is very chill, has great back stories, good at grading, helpful, and the list is endless. His class is usually, if not, then always interesting and interactive. The learning environment is great and all aspects about having him as a professor is excellent. take Comm100 w/ him!
5.0 : Mr. Mazzone is an excellent professor.  There's never a dull moment as his lectures are stimulating and humor is vast.  I'd bet my first born that you love this class.
5.0 : One of the funniest professors I've ever had. He was very helpful and has a way of explaining complex issues clearly. He handled our class extremely well and set lessons around our group discussion. Doesn't hurt that he's also a total smokeshow.
4.0 : Prof. Mazzone was great-defiantly my favorite professor of the semester. The content can be very dry (for COMM 302) but he does a great job at keeping it interesting and understandable. For the exams, just read the textbook and pay attention in class and you'll get an A no problem. 10/10 would recomend
4.0 : Raph is a great professor, he definitely knows what he's talking about and lectures are always fun. I would really recommend getting the book though. It's incredibly boring and dry but a lot of his content and exams are based off of the book. Plus he's also a babe, talk about Italian Stallion
3.0 : My favorite professor. Keeps everything straight up. It is a lot of work but that's just the course. Mazzone makes it interesting and I enjoyed going to class. He allows late work if you talk to him about it.
5.0 : Professor Robinson's class was very easy. As long as projects were submitted on time, it is almost impossible to receive a grade below an A. She does grade students on attendance.
5.0 : She's the best professor I've ever had! If you can, take her!
5.0 : She's such a lovely professor! I love how she cares about the students &amp; wants them to pass. Attend her lectures &amp; take notes! You'll pass the class in no time.
5.0 : She is simply the best:) prof. Mellisa is the kindest and greatest facilitator that any student could ever have ask for.
2.0 : All she ever did was talk about her personal life. Attendance is mandatory but i probably went to class less than 10 times all semester &amp; got an A+. If you're actually interested in Global Health she is not the way to go, but it was an easy credit i had to get so the class was decent enough
3.0 : I honestly did not like this professor especially taking her on friday at 1:30 pm. She literally reads of the slides and she is the MOST BORING PROFESSOR I EVER HAD!!
5.0 : Easy going, learning any material isn't fun. She teaches what we need to know and is very compromising when it comes to submitting work. Attend class Do the work you get an A. Take her
4.5 : Want an easy A, no homework/tests,  and a chill  professor? TAKE HER, if there is not room in your schedule, make room. She doesnt assign that much work to be turned in, because unlike most techers, she wants you to actually learn, not just be able to regurgitate informtion in a paper/test.  Shes great, very helpful and understanding.
5.0 : Best teacher i ever had. Never use the textbook. The easiest A I have ever got. The mid term is only a paragraph paper.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors at GMU. She is definitely their to help the student succeed. She is very understanding and just fun and funny to  listen. She makes the class more intellectually stimulating and she is very understanding if you have other commitments as long you talk to her and show her that you are truly doing your best work.
5.0 : She's the best professor I've ever had at Mason, she's really easy too. You learn so much while having fun in this class. You have an essay, 2 projects, and a summary of an article due. TAKE HER IF YOU CAN!!! She also helped me decide on my major and brings guest speakers to class. She's very very nice and easy to talk to!!!!
5.0 : Great professor! Class is super easy! No exams! Lectures aren't too long but doesn't matter because you're not tested on anything. Very easy grader. Easy assignments, easy A. No textbook needed.
5.0 : Best professor ever. Just go to class and do well on the final, which is a class presentation and your guaranteed an A.
4.5 : I really liked her class. Compared to many other courses for a science major at mason, this was the most enjoyable. Not only was she very kind and helpful as a professor, she was also great at giving career advice in the future.
5.0 : She's amazing! Extremely caring and respected by students. She really helped me not only learn about health, but brought incredible guest speakers and helped me decide on the best career path. Thanks to her I'm happy with my major and I'm happy to have her as a professor. There aren't any tests and assignment are fun! take her if you can!
5.0 : Professor Robinson is an amazing teacher. She really cares about her students and wants everyone to succeed. There is one main presentation and the rest of class is based on participation. She is also great to go to if you want advice on career paths in the Community Health field. She is also very understanding of personal issues. TAKE HER!
5.0 : Professor Robinsons' class was very intellectually stimulating. She has the amazing skill of applying information in class to real life. Very friendly and helpful both inside and outside of class. Would definitely take her again, and will definitely be taking her GCH300 class! Wonderful professor!
5.0 : She's awesome! Two article presentations, one paper and one health presentation along with a project. No textbook required and NO TESTS. She does take attendance everyday, but she's a fun person.
4.0 : Professor Robinson is excellent! I enjoy her teaching this semester, as long as you show up and do the final project you will be fine. Lectures were rushed and we barely discussed the topics, I do wish that we took more time discussing the powerpoints. Overall, I would suggest taking her class!
1.0 : Mrs. Robinson was not prepared for the class at the start of the semester. The syllabus was not complete, and she had computer trouble every day. She did not use blackboard for assignments. The guest lectures and the student presentations were the only days when class went well. She is scared of germs and our grade was based on 2 assignments.
5.0 : She is a solid professor. Only 1 real assignment was given and graded upon(final), there was another one but our class lucked out and didn't have to do it. Attendance is mandatory and it contributes to our grades. Very easy to do well in this class. She is a nice person, and a good lecturer, though she tends to get off topic at times. Get her!
1.0 : Unorganized and lacks clear grading criteria (rubrics, guidelines). Constantly changes her mind on assignment requirements. She's nice, but she takes her stress out on her students. She was hard to reach at times and was frustrating to talk to when I could. She is unclear in her expectations. I did well, but it was awful to be in her class.
5.0 : I am a student in GCH465. The rating below sounds like the "problem student" in class who complain if she didn't get what she wanted. This student attend class a couple times and complained when the teacher was unable to meet after some classes. If the Professor couldn't answer her emails, the Professor would try her best to get back.
5.0 : She is a great professor! Just show up to class and pay attention. Since she is a student herself she understands where we are coming from and will help as much as she can. Put the effort in and you will get an A.
5.0 : I LOVE HER SOOOOO MUCH. If I could take her again, I would. She's there with you all the way to help you succeed. I've never met a professor so down to earth to her students, making us actually WANT to come to class. I never dread coming to class because of the atmosphere that she provides 3 She's knowledgable and very funny too!
5.0 : Kind and funny. Class based on 2'exams' which was bringing an article and writing paper on it. At the end we did a presentation on it. Doesn't lecture much but provides informative info about health. Stress free class but attendance does count towards grade! Little bit unclear but u ask she'll tell u and doesn't grade harsh.. just do work, easy A!
1.0 : Nice person, terrible instructor. She had many other demands (children, grad school) that clearly occupied her time. Needed to create a better rubric and syllabus. Final paper requirements were poorly defined. Spent class time complaining about family and other problems in her life. Helpful, but unclear/unorganized in thought process.
1.0 : Often disrespectful towards students. I would try to get into contact with her through email or in-person and she was rarely available. I never missed a class. The classroom environment was hostile; she was aggressive and often upset at students. She didn't seem to enjoy teaching or helping students. I didn't feel comfortable going to her for help.
3.5 : She is really nice but also unorganized. Wants you to do well in the class and field. The class though, is like gym.
4.0 : She is very nice and wants you to do well in the class. However, she is unorganized and the class is not very exciting and kind of like gym.
4.5 : Very clear, helpful, motivating and friendly. She will answer any questions you have. Put effort into the class and you will be fine. Meet outside of class if you need extra help.
4.0 : Very fun and entertaining lectures. Do the readings for the quizzes and know the muscle actions for the tests. She is there for her students and will help if you ask. Can be very strict.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Very interactive and fun.. she wants you to succeed
4.5 : Tough class - make sure you go! However, she is an awesome professor and is always there for her students.  She wants you to succeed and know your material.
3.0 : Good teacher, a bit scattered at times but there to help you. A lot of hands on tests which require time and practice to learn. Lectures are not bad, exams are not often but I would study. Not the hardest class in the world, but you do have to show up and try.
5.0 : Take this course for your finance requirement! He is probably one of the nicest and most interesting professors at SPP. He worked at OMB for years and has tons of institutional knowledge of how the US budget process really works. He will know who you are by the third class and he will send useful source material for your project papers.
5.0 : Prof. Clendenin is a subject master w/ real world experience. I find his insights better than the text books. Another benefit - as a former OMB director, he knows all about crazy schedules and has extended flexibility to me as a current staffer of a very, very busy Senator. Email early about your progress - I wish I had given him that courtesy.
5.0 : Dr. Chung is one of the most genuine professors I've had in a long time. She comes of strong in some areas, but not without reason. If you listen, absorb her wisdom, and participate, you will love her class. She hates when you don't participate and will put you on the spot and she hates if you whisper/talk to others during while she's talking.
4.5 : good class
4.0 : He is good in both teaching and grading
4.5 : Good professor, always available to answer questions through email. Assignments were very straightforward and I learned a lot. Didn't take a single test in his class, but a couple quizzes that were based off of reading assignments. Does take attendance, but I missed class a few times and still got an A-. Would definitely recommend taking his class.
5.0 : He teaches a research class (PSYC/NEUR) that allows you to work in a lab for course credit. He is hot!!! and the nicest person ever. He won't talk down to you, explains hard concepts so they are simple and easy to understand and makes working in the lab seem like the best experience ever.  Did I mention he is a total cutie!?! Great smile and eyes!
5.0 : Cyrus rocks. A very different style of teaching. Lots of in class conversation, group "breakouts", etc. NOT THE STANDARD LAME POWERPOINT CLASS! Seems to be more like a graduate class.  Would highly recommend!
5.0 : Take 405 with Cyrus if you can.  His lecture based approach to this class made it very enjoyable.  New topics every week, lots of conversation and differing opinions.  No books or tests.  Instead, discussion board posts and debates. About Cyrus: Nice, approachable, easy on the eyes, and always available if needed.
5.0 : Cyrus is great.  He is extremely helpful and explains everything in the lab thoroughly.  He also helps with graduate applications and letters if you need.  If you want to go to grad school, definitely consider joining his lab if you can.  Its fun, fast-paced, not boring, and the weekly meetings are great.  Oh yeah...Cyrus is kind of a hottie!
5.0 : Well, Cyrus isn't really a teacher in the traditional sense, but he has been one of the most influential people I have met at GMU. After working with him in the lab, I realized how interested in research I am and how I want to pursue that interest further in grad school.  As for Cyrus...super nice, chill dude, very helpful.
5.0 : Cyrus is amazing. Take him if you get the chance.  By far, my favorite class at mason!
5.0 : I took an independent study course with Cyrus, working as a research assistant.  I learned a lot and had fun.  He is nice and made expectations very clear.  No bookstests, just read a few articles and work in the lab.
5.0 : Wow. This course (and really Cyrus) was just different, very refreshing, in the best way possible. Fun, conversational, and somehow "deep".  I was always thinking about the topics outside of class and was surprised with how many different opinions there are on the same topics.
5.0 : Fun class, hot teacher.
5.0 : A+ teacher and course!
5.0 : I worked in the lab with him for a year.   The work wasn't hard, but it does get boring from time to time running participants.  However,  he helped me with grad school apps and gave me useful advice whenever I asked.  In short, he is awesome, insanely smart, funny, but most importantly, very helpful!!!  Oh, him being very attractive was a bonus.
5.0 : I enjoyed working in the lab with Cyrus.  He was nice and helpful.
5.0 : She's really really nice! She's always willing to help if you have any questions! RECOMMENDED!!
5.0 : smart, attentive, and knows what she's doing.
5.0 : awesome TA
5.0 : Rachel is super chill and helpful. Just ask her a question &amp; she'll always answer. She is super kind and I would totally recommend her!
5.0 : Relatively easy course, just read the lab before you come to class and perform it, it'll make things much easier and understandable. Her quizzes are well structured and are based off of the reading. She is very kind and very easy going. She is very helpful and welcomes questions.
4.0 : Excellent professor! One of the best professors I've had at Mason. Be prepared to work and do a lot of reading
5.0 : He's a demanding professor with lots of reading, but he is very helpful and patient with those who needs help.
5.0 : Somewhat of a boring class. Copy his notes and you don't need to read the book. He's very nice and very quirky. As long as you attend class you can get at least a B on the exams. He's very helpful and easy to talk to. Weekly writing assignments to answer questions related to the reading, but he's very lenient on grading. Would take again!!
4.0 : Kochanek is super nice. I don't think he has a mean bone in his body. That being said, this class is meh. HEAVY, heavy reading. Exams are all in-class essays based on the (dozens of) readings. Exam studying tip (since everyone asks): Create a cheat sheet condensing each reading into a few sentences capturing simply the main idea of each author.
4.5 : Great teacher! The class is consistent with work, readings due every class followed by a class discussion of the text. She is very fair and does not have unreasonable expectations, however the class does require consistent readings, but they are interesting! She is very sweet and helpful. Definitely would take a class taught by her again.
4.0 : decent. do your journal entries haha
5.0 : She is great! Her expectations are clear, but not outrageous. If you do the readings and attend class, you're solid. Lots of discussion and a couple of papers. Really easy to get an A if you just do the work.
3.5 : English is not my favorite, but she wants to help and see you do well. Enjoyed the class.
4.5 : Easy A. all you gotta do is do the readings (skim) 10 minutes before class starts because she does do occasional (easy) pop quizzes. There is discussion but it's easy to keep up with it and the 3 essays are straight forward. Oh and she talks fast like she's nervous but she's not... literally the easiest class ever. last assignment is a cover letter
5.0 : I had her for creative writing and loved her class. She definitely improved my writing, and the assignments were all based on completion so I didn't have to stress about grades as long as I got my work done. She's very knowledgable and has great feedback for your work. Definitely take a class of hers if you can!
4.0 : This class has been pretty fun so far.
4.0 : Interesting class with interesting material. Very easy professor and funny, laid back environment. Reading every week, with a discussion on relevant topic. Take home midterm and final. lectures could get a little boring at times, but very interesting material if you are interesting in Social Inequality.
5.0 : Great professor, very considerate of your other classes. Although this class may have been an easy A I definitely learned a lot.
4.5 : In his class right now, expecting an A for sure. He is super easy and funny. Cares about his students and wants you to do good. Read the book and do homework.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had in my life. There are three exams, 4 HW, and weekly quizzes (where he gives you the answers) he curves enormously (I got 10% higher in exam 2 than what I originally received). And the Final is so easy: It was 14 questions and he gave us 6 points to begin with. I believe I will get a B+ to A-
4.5 : Melissa as a really wonderful and engaging professor.  She's funny and engaging and is great with non-majors.
5.0 : Professor Cidade is a rock star when it comes to teaching.  She is the epitome of what all teachers should be: engaging, caring, interesting, and most of all relatable.  Being able to understand the world outside of yourself comes with the territory when you are a sociology professor but she takes the cake.  Discussions are amazing, best class ever
4.5 : Professor Cidade was helpful, fair, and flexible. Lecture notes were super helpful when writing papers/Final etc. Take her class if you can, she is funny and engaging.
3.5 : Stefanie is a good professor. However, her study guides do not correlate to her exams. Don't depend on the study guide. Read her slides thoroughly. Minimal work; weekly discussion board, one presentation along with a short paper, 3 exams. Attendance counts as participation points.
5.0 : Loved this class. Stefanie made the material easier to understand. I honestly learned more in this class than the lecture for it. I would recommend her to everyone.
5.0 : The first exam was pretty hard because the first study guide was irrelevant to the actual exam, but the next two exams (midterm and final) were actually pretty easy (if you study). The study guides for those two exams were very, VERY helpful. She's a really sweet professor who knows her stuff.
4.5 : Lectures contain 100% of the information you need to pass. She gives out a study guide that is pretty much a road map to an A+ the week before every exam. She drops the lowest exam grade. She has discussion board posts which further boost your grade. She's nice, cares about what she's doing, and is a scientist. Great class, great teacher.
5.0 : very straight forward online course. an assignment and quiz each week plus exams. however, she bunches the exam with the homework and week in one week, so those days gets chaotic. she's very informative and clear in her lecture videos. not to hard, but not something you can breeze through. a fair course.
5.0 : Stefanie was an amazing professor. She has a lot of knowledge and knows what she is talking about. Her lectures were fun and informative and it didn't seem like a lecture at all. If you want a fun and down to earth professor who is wiling to joke around with you then take Stefanie! Her class is a lot of fun!
5.0 : Amazing professor, highly recommend! Attending lectures is helpful to gain a better understanding, but not mandatory. There is in class extra credit. Assignments are interesting and relevant to the class. Study guides provided prior to each test that are extremely useful. Sweet, understanding, and interesting professor! Very approachable.
5.0 : I didn't even read the book or put effort in this class and still pass the class with a "B". She was a really nice person though. However, the class was so boring! It was like 3 hours long and most students just sit there play games on their phones or do homework for other classes. I recommend this professor for anyone who is looking for an easy A.
5.0 : Absolutely loved her class, she is the nicest teacher every! Two tests a midterm and final, worth 60% of your grade. Then a weekly journal enter and a weekly quiz (there only five questions and super easy), both are done online. Attendance is mandatory.  I highly recommend her class.
3.5 : Definitely a class that can be taken online.  She lectures for the entire 3 hours.  Weekly quizzes directly from the slides. 3 Essays which she seems to grade more on grammar and punctuation than your understanding of material. Mid-Term and Final are mutliple choice and questions seem vague.  She's a nice person however.
2.0 : Was not that great, goes on rants that are not related to the subject material at all. When she does this it can make the class feel super awkward. Her online quizzes get incredibly difficult halfway through the semester. I wouldn't take her again.
1.0 : Didn't really like this class it was boring and long.  At first the quizes that where online were a breeze then she changed them up and and made them confusing and hard.  She post powerpoints that day of class and don't bother trying to write down everything before she changes the slide.   If your interested in this subject you might enjoy, but if not don't take this class with the professor.
5.0 : Might be one of the best classes I've ever taken - she knows what she's talking about and is actually very invested in what she's teaching. Weekly online journals and quizzes - they're extremely helpful. Be ready to talk in this class and be ready to ask a lot of questions; take this class!
4.5 : You will get out of it what you put in. She is one of the kindest people I've met and will work with you to improve.  I wouldn't take notes during lecture but just pay attention and take something out of it.  The weekly quizzes were tricky. For exams just review the slides. No reason you shouldn't come out with an A. It was an interesting course
3.0 : Dobson has great RMP reviews which is why I selected her class to begin with. Unfortunately, she was more like a 'meh' teacher. She didn't get through everything in the syllabus and would spend half of her 3 hour lecture ranting about  topics and telling us how we are the 'haves' of society and that we didn't know about struggling in life(entitled)
4.0 : Honestly, I would not take her again. Her test are tricky sometimes and it was hard to keep focused (I had her for Friday's only) 2 test (midterm &amp; final) no papers, weekly 5 question quizzes and weekly journals. Do all of the quizzes and journals, they add up. Also attendance is mandatory! They are also worth points! all in all meh class.
5.0 : The most amazing professor i've ever had. She's a retired diplomat,  incredibly knowledgable and often tells interesting stories of her life. She knows that not everyone cares about her passion, but tries to make the lecture energetic and relevant. On difficulty- just don't be lazy and expect to pass- a little effort/care will go a long way.
5.0 : Love this teacher! Super nice and knowlegdeable and she always seems to work in a pep talk. I would defiantly take her again! Her test can be tricky but if you show up to her lectures there not that hard to figure out.
3.0 : Great Professor but boring lecture, straight off PowerPoint. Weekly online easy quizzes. Assigned 4 papers (make sure you cite properly she's crazy on that), 2 test that you honestly pass w flying colors if you actually go over the powerpoints. Don't buy textbook pointless. Go to class to receive credit for being there 15% of your grade
5.0 : Dr. Dobson truly understands her material and presents it in an interesting way. The class has a simple structure of 10-14 weekly journals and quizzes based on that weeks material, multiple choice midterm with short essays, final that is multiple choice only. This class is long, but memorize the powerpoints and you will get an A. Attendance is must
5.0 : Professor Dobson is very passionate about what she teaches and clearly enjoys sharing that knowledge. I admire her knowledge of law around the world and current events. The lectures are power points. 10 easy quizzes based on those power points. The mid term and final were difficult. You must study! I would take a class with her again if I could.
4.0 : Not sure why is she so proud about killing mice...
4.5 : Clearly explains the material. Course is not easy. Tries to be funny (unsuccessfully).
5.0 : She mentioned at the beginning of the semester that hers wasn't an easy A class, but honestly if you just go to class and do what she tells you to, you'll guarantee yourself an A. The content was pretty straight forward- it's just a matter of knowing it. It also helps that she's pretty hilarious.
4.5 : Her class is NOT difficult like other reviewers say. Yes, for a 1 credit class it is a lot of material, but as long as you just study (it's all memorization), you'll be fine. I would definitely recommend taking it with Caroline as she is VERY fair and clear in her grading criteria. She gives an extra credit opportunity at the end of the semester.
5.0 : This was an awesome class! I am not really interested in Physiology, but Caroline made it super fun and interactive. Practicals are hard and you need to study. Paper and presentation were sort of out of place, but not graded very difficultly. I would definitely recommend taking her for this class!
5.0 : Caroline is one of the most beautiful instructors in the psychology department at Mason (JUST one chili pepper doesn't do her justice). She makes her expectations clear from day one. YOU MUST STUDY AND PUT IN EFFORT TO THIS CLASS IN ORDER TO PASS! She will work with you outside of class if you ever need extra help understanding concepts!
5.0 : She is GREAT! Her class will open many doors for you in the research field, a good initial step. She will be there for you, your concerns, and your projects with clear instruction. You won't be thrown outside the door without knowing what to do. There are readings every weeks and quiz on readings. However, they are materials that you'd understand.
5.0 : Caroline is awesome, seriously. She's really funny and tries to make a bland subject as interesting as possible. She's really fair with grading, extremely clear on requirements, and half the time she'll tell you material that will be on the quiz/practicals if you show up to lab. Go over study materials and you will be fine. She's fantastic.
5.0 : Love this class and I love Neely. She challenges you to really think about Neuroscience from a real world perspective. I think this is the one class that should be mandatory for all Neuroscience students and that everyone should take this class because it gets you in the thick of research, methods, procedures, policies, and more.
5.0 : Caroline is an AWESOME lab professor. She made everything really clear and interesting. Practicals are difficult and you will need to study but she has mock practicals during class that helped a lot. I went to her with something I didn't get and she made it so much easier for me. paper and presentation weren't too hard either. TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!!
5.0 : She is very chill and makes the class enjoyable. 2 practicals, 3 lab reports, 3 quizzes, and extra credit. This class is memorization heavy but it is very doable. It is more of a lecture than it is a lab- not a lot of hands on lab work. Highly recommend taking her.
5.0 : Caroline was a helpful and awesome lab professor. She's easy to relate to and cracks jokes in class but is a great lecturer. Her practicals are hard like the other reviews say, but the mock practicals help a lot and her review guides ARE AMAZING. She's always willing to meet up with students and is super fast with responding to emails. TAKE HER!
5.0 : Caroline is such a great professor. She really cares about her students and is always willing to help them. She keeps her lecture environment relaxing and encourages participation. Caroline is also hilarious and keeps the class fun. Just go to class and pay attention and you should get an A. Everyone should take Caroline if you  get the chance.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. She wants you to succeed and is funny/nice. Also a babe.
4.0 : First off, yes she is hard. Her quizzes and practicals require a mass amount of studying. But she is very helpful if you have questions and does mock practicals to make them easier. She's pretty nice too. Go to class, take notes, study and you'll do well!
5.0 : This was a hard class but she makes it as easy as possible. She wants everyone to succeed. Practicals are difficult and you will need to study but she has mock practicals during class that helped a lot. She even talked to me after class about my grade. The presentation wasn't bad at all!! Take her!!
5.0 : Caroline is a great professor! She was always accessible via email or after class to help. The practicals were very detailed as others mentioned but there was a full mock practical the lab before to prepare us and she gave us plenty of hints on what to study as well as study guides. Put in the work &amp; you will get a good grade.
5.0 : When I first met Caroline, I didn't like her because she is SUPER sarcastic, which can come off as mean. But once I talked to her one on one, I realized that she is one of the coolest, most easy going, CARING teachers I have! Her assignments are clear, she gives extra credit AND she's funny! I LOVE this woman and I'm SO glad I took her.
5.0 : Couldn't have asked for a better professor. Her online lectures are very concise and make it much more enjoyable. Her quizzes and exams are easy if you put the usual effort. My suggestion is to take them as soon as you are done listening to her lectures. She has a few assignments but they are interesting and pretty easy!
5.0 : Caroline can sometimes be a tough grader, but she will work with you and give you tons of resources outside of the class. She is very clear in her grading and what is expected out of every lab report. There is a ton of reading, but it is manageable
5.0 : Caroline is very clear about what is necessary to do well in her class. There are reviews and examples of exam questions before both exams and quizzes. Her sarcasm keeps the class alive.
5.0 : Class is not as hard as it looks (it was like 54/70 points and 47/50something points for exams). Definitely watch the lectures and read the book because she does make up her own quiz and exam Qs. Her lectures are also pretty entertaining, so she's a solid choice for a dry topic
5.0 : I took her online class, for both Psych 373 and 375. THEY WERE BOTH THE EASIEST CLASSES AT MASON BY FAR. You won't pass if you procrastinate, but she doesn't have many assignments. It's one quiz a week, assignments dispersed throughout and quarterly exams. Late work isn't accepted. She's accessible by email and is super nice.
5.0 : Hes such a sweet guy and he keeps his class entertaining. He explains the homework fairly well and even accepts assignments late. He's pretty chill and an easy grader. Take him for recitation.
5.0 : He's really nice and a really chill grader. He's good at explaining things, so take him for recitation
3.5 : He is very nice and tries very hard to make sure that everyone understands concepts and what they did wrong if they made mistakes. I do have to say sometimes he just repeats himself and makes things more complicated than necessary if you ask about a very specific thing, but I think we all do that sometimes.
3.0 : Grad class-did learn about composition. However, we had to read WAY more than we ever had time to "discuss." I would look forward to discussing pieces, and they would be shortchanged. I would have questions about harder material but no room to ask the questions because he talked practically the whole time. Good intentions but very prof-centric.
5.0 : Always made class engaging, relevant, pertinent, and hilarious. best part of my week sometimes. assignments could not be more straightforward, although it is a very reading heavy course. sometimes class ended early, made snacks for students during exam week. a very caring, accessible, polite, understanding,  knowledgeable person. solid 10/10
5.0 : Before this class, I wasn't quite sure what rhetoric really was, but he made the material super understandable and accessible. He is very easy going and if you talk to him then he will help you out. Wants to see you succeed. Sometimes gets sidetracked during lectures, but is overall a great teacher!
5.0 : Professor Holmes is awesome. He's a personable professor who genuinely cares about how his students are doing. His assignments have clear instructions and the work isn't too hard as long as you follow directions. I HIGHLY recommend taking him for ENGH 302. You won't regret it.
5.0 : Great professor. Go to class, and do the work with some effort, and he will grade on your side. Willing to work with you if you need any amount of help at all.
5.0 : A lot of readings. A lot of discussions. Do your work and you'll get an A. Dr. Holmes is SO nice and helpful.
5.0 : The class was easy enough. Required blog posts every week, as well as two comments on other blog posts. Lots of readings. He's very helpful and wants his students to do well.
5.0 : Prof Holmes is awesome! He is very flexible with his assignments and is looking out for the best interest for his students. He's there to help and make sure that you not only grasp the information, but you able to apply it and succeed. I would definitely recommend taking a class with him.
5.0 : Professor Holmes is my favorite professor in the English department... no at Mason. He's one of the most passionate professors you'll ever meet making every lecture an interesting one, and he genuinely cares about all his students. Unfortunately he's too good, so he mostly teaches graduate classes. If you can get into one of his classes, DO IT!!!
5.0 : I love taking classes with Professor Holmes.
5.0 : Steven Holmes's class provides a welcoming environment where anyone can feel comfortable, even one with a severe anxiety disorder. You will learn so much, without feeling pressured.
5.0 : Taking a class with Professor Holmes is really delightful because he cares about the subject matter as well as his students. We not only learned a ton about the subject, but I have also learned a lot personally about my own writing and presentation skills. Definitely would recommend!
5.0 : he really wants his students to understand and pass, participate when he asks a question, very caring and flexible with assignments, make stats understandable, give many examples during lectures (some used on test/quiz), do well on online hw/quiz and DA's to balance out tests, ask questions and take notes
5.0 : Down to earth, caring, intelligent (in no particular order)--in short, an all-around sweetheart! I had no idea what rhetoric was before I took this class, and I came out realizing that rhetoric is not some dusty old subject  we dread to familiarize ourselves with, but can also be found in cartoons, video games, music videos, and even memes!
5.0 : Great prof, great class. Some tough/dense reading, but in class he made sure we understood it. Very knowledgeable and encouraging teacher. Open-ended assignments, lots of freedom to choose how to do it, and he gave lots of personal guidance. He graded based on how well you understood the material (refreshingly fair). Gave great &amp; useful feedback.
5.0 : Literally the best professor i've had. She is so laid back and gets you invovled with her lectures. they're really long but super intersting. I absloutely loved her, all her notes are on online and she is always willing to help her students out. AMAZING PROFESSOR! I wish she taught more classes (:
5.0 : She's a very nice professor. She post the slides presented in class on blackboard. Also, she invites guest speakers. These guest speakers always provide information that alters the way you think about a field in the CJS. Withal, she provide a few extra credit, one paper, a midterm, and a final. (She provides a study guide w/ all the information)
5.0 : I loved Prof. Nuneville!! She was so nice and made lectures interesting. She's high up in the Arlington County PD which is so cool to hear about her career. She also brought in so many guest lecturers because she has so many connections which spiced the class up a bit. I highly recommend taking her!!
5.0 : She is one of the BEST professors I've had at Mason. She is so fun and interesting that she can keep the whole class engaged the whole period. Never thought this class would be interesting. Power Point's, makes you feel comfortable to give an opinion, shows some videos, good lectures. For the tests, study the ppt's. 1 Group presentation.TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : Take her if you have the opportunity. She is amazing and I would take her again in a heart beat. She understands this is not everyone's favorite topic and gives you examples to involve everyone in the class. Tests are not bad at all and she provides a study guide and extra credit. Show up and pay attention and you will pass with an easy A.
4.0 : Great professor! She provides you with all the help needed but don't expect to get an easy A. You have to study for exams and show up to class for attendance. There's one group project, fairly easy. She provides extra credit opportunities so you should def be fine!
3.0 : Easy to understand professor. Not an easy A though. You need to show up for attendance and pay attention. She gives a study guide for exams. Exams are worth almost all of your grade. If you don't study you won't pass.
5.0 : She is the best there is! Not only does she teach she comes with a lot of experience, you don't want to miss class because it is so interesting. She knows a lot of people in the criminal justice field, so great contact to have! Tests are not made to trick you so if you do the reading and come to class and listen its an easy A!
5.0 : The class is all about current events and the tests are from the book. Extra credit is availible.
5.0 : When you think of Ethics it sounds boring at first, but Nuneville does her best and succeeds at keeping students interested and engaged! I loved her and as she is someone working in this field it was nice to learn more about her experiences. You should expect a group project (easy) and 2 tests (yes, study) Tip for enjoying this class: Participate
5.0 : Great professor. She had great lectures that really got the class interested. She is really nice and loves to help in any way she can. Professor Nuneville is awesome and her test were not too difficult. You have to work to earn an A
5.0 : She definitely made this class interesting. She works in the field so she provides great insight and invites some guest speakers. I took her in the spring and it was her first time teaching and I was pleasantly surprised at how naturally it came to her. Midterm &amp; final. Group project is pretty simple and counts towards participation. Take her!!
5.0 : Ms. Nuneville is truly one of the most amazing people I've ever met. I'm so glad I got the opportunity to take her class this semester. If you want a teacher that cares about you, take her class. I never opened my book, so don't buy one. She provides all the information you'll need for the tests in her lectures, which she provides on blackboard.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Her experience in the law enforcement community shows. She brings real world events and her police stories into her lecture. Class went by really fast. If you pay attention in class you will be fine
4.5 : Amazing for crime majors, I highly recommend her. She has a lot of experience and makes class bearable by actually getting discussion going. Be prepared to read a lot though, and study for tests because there is no homework or quizzes. I definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Adjunct Professor Nuneville is very kind and always has interesting lessons planned; some lessons even involve presentations from professionals in the law enforcement field including police detectives and a magistrate! She always makes sure you understand the materials and that they're presented in a clear and attention-grabbing way.
5.0 : Professor Nuneville is clearly educated when in comes to the criminal justice field. Her class consists of textbook info followed by memorable personal stories. She is overall an incredible professor and has even helped me in some of my other courses! 10/10 would take any more of the courses she teaches.
5.0 : Professor Nuneville is very experienced in the law community, and she brings in several great guest speakers. Shes funny, smart and eager to help with anything you need. She also gives out free answers to the exams. A+.
5.0 : I really enjoy her! She is nice/warm. Teaching comes naturally to her. Ethics is a boring topic, but she managed to make class fun, interesting, and discussion based. She's very helpful and gives several EC opportunities throughout the semester. Go to class and you'll ace the midterm/final. Really interesting professor with neat career experience.
4.0 : 3 exams and 1 essay for the entire semester. The tests are easy... 1st test is common knowledge. Very easy A, and attendance doesnt even matter.
5.0 : 3 tests and an essay. Very easy take it
3.0 : I have a 4:30-7:10 class, about 5:30 every wednesday she has a guest come in and talk. This is soooo boring for some, and for others interesting. Nuneville, will teach you the lecture for about 45minutes - 1 hour and after that her guest speakers come in and talk for the rest of class.
5.0 : Lectures are kinda boring but the class is an easy A if you put forth minimal effort. 2 exams which are basically word for word with the study guide, a project that is such an easy 100.
5.0 : Professor Nuneville really cares about her students and wants them to pass. All you really have to do is come to class. There are a lot of guest speakers but its better than just staring at your teacher talking the whole time.
4.0 : Professor Nuneville made this class a real breeze, honestly. She knew the material well and was able to get a lot of guest speakers in who had specialties and it made the almost 3 hour class doable. You only grades are the tests and the paper but if you watch law and order and come to the lectures, youll be fine.
4.5 : I really enjoyed Ms. Nuneville's class. Her lectures were clear and she held class discussions to keep it interesting. Test are easy if you study and there's a fairly simple group project. You will definitely leave knowing the material.
5.0 : I would 100% recommend taking her for CRIM306! she is extremely easy and all of her information for the two exams are in her PowerPoint so there is no need to buy the book. I bought it and never used it and got an A in the class!
4.5 : Michelle is an awesome lady. She talks to you like you are an adult and doesn't lecture you.  She is an easy grader and if you study her power points just a little you will get an A.
4.0 : This class material is hard to grasp BUT  Michelle makes it easy. I wouldn't take this class with anyone else.
5.0 : Michelle really likes participation which is great because she asks hard questions and gets the class really involved. I loved her class and it was really well taught. I would recommend reading the book, because she pulls more from the book then her Powerpoint slides. Overall, it was a pleasure to be in her class.
5.0 : She is helpful, very passionate about nanotechnology, and lenient in grading. To me, her lectures are very interesting. She is sweet and nice to students as well. Definitely recommend this professor!
5.0 : Dr. Morales is incredibly passionate about her work and it shows through in her teaching. If you have a passion for nanotechnology or medicine, you will do well in the class.
2.0 : I didn't get much from the course other than her reading off of the powerpoints. The project was fun but not particularly useful.
5.0 : this class required good back ground in chemistry. Also, you will read a lot of material. In short, you will  learn  drug delivery system. She defiantly want everyone to learn in her class. She care for her students. She is so helpful in her office hours. her test are fair "not hard nor easy". make sure you chose good group for your final project.
5.0 : The class is partnered with INOVA and the lab for the class occurs at the INOVA Fairfax campus. The labs for the class were great and able to learn a lot from them. Dr Bray was a great teacher and everything she taught was useful for the labs. Attending labs is mandatory for class
5.0 : Loved her! she skipped class sometimes to go to meetings but often let us out really early. Design project at end of semester was relatively easy. Recitations consist of graded activities and matlab assignments that are just like the powerpoints on blackboard. Amazing guest lectures. TA ryan is amazing and helpful. Easy A.
3.0 : Read off the powerpoint and often didn't add much too them, and class usually didn't last more than 45 minutes (which would've been great except I think it impacted how much we learned). Most of the Matlab stuff was left for you to figure out for yourself. Design project was simple but definitely not enough time given to complete it.
4.5 : Adam is one of the best instructors I have ever had! His lectures make you want to be involved in the class discussion, and he is extremely knowledgeable in his field. As long as you do the readings and put in effort on the papers, you should get a good grade. He is also good at giving meaningful feedback that can be applied to future assignments.
3.5 : At first I thought he was just sarcastic and witty. Then I realized he was just RUDE. If you get stuck with him as your Internship professor youre fine, just dont read his comments on your work.
5.0 : If you put in the work, you will be fine. Reading his comments is the whole point of writing all the essays for his class; they're helpful. Adam is super smart and cares about his students.
4.0 : He was very nice via email and so understanding. If you asked for an extension, then he would most likely say yes. The only thing I did not like was his comments on my paper. He wasn't correctly grammar errors, but more like my experience which does not make sense since he was obviously not there. Overall, he did care a lot about his students
5.0 : Really makes an effort to connect with his students, even in an online course!  Very kind and understanding. I really appreciate the feedback he gave me. In addition, if you put forth ANY effort... you'll get an A. Easy and awesome course!
4.5 : BEST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD. SERIOUSLY. He's so helpful, of course you won't pass if you don't try, but he's there for you 24/7. Just shoot him an email and he'll answer it. Super helpful with every assignment, lectures are funny and he has so much intelligence about everything. He's amazing. Take his classes if you get the chance!!
4.0 : This class is a lot of work, but Adam is very helpful with it all. If you need help just ask him and he will help you the best he can.
4.0 : Best way to start freshmen year!! if you can have him for NCLC 101, take it. he really wants his students to learn + succeed
4.0 : wrote 6 short reflective papers and a 7 page final paper. I felt tedious but the papers are meant to make you think about and analyze your internship. His feedback is plentiful and are usually pretty thought provoking, it's interesting to hear how he interprets your work and he seems to dedicate a lot of his time to providing good feedback
5.0 : Awesome professor. He's willing to help with anything and he offers feedback on writing assignments and sometimes gives extensions. He's also very funny. I definitely recommend his class.
5.0 : Prof Meyer is really young so he is good at connecting with students. The class was alright. We did a lot of reading and discussion. But he's funny and nice and made the class interesting. Easy grader if you do the reading but expects too much in the essays. He also happens to be really hot! ;)
4.5 : Hes a young professor and likes to make the class laugh. Papers were slightly difficult. There are 4 books we had to read throughout the semester. I hate reading and rarely read at all. I dreaded coming to class because all we did was discuss the pages we read for homework. Come to class,contribute to the reading,write your essays and youll be fine
5.0 : The class was really fun. You have to do the reading because we discuss it and you get a grade for participating. The essays were hard and he expects a lot. Be prepared to do the work.
5.0 : Hilarious guy. Not really a teacher more like a friend. Loves group work which is annoying but hey, what can you do. Take this class.
5.0 : Dude, STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND PICK THIS TEACHER. He has set the bar so high for a cool teacher that I feel like every other teacher I will ever get will never be good enough to juxtapose him. He really is one of the most dope teachers out here.
5.0 : Professor Meyer doesn't expect much from his students. Show up to class and participate. His class was super easy and fun despite the group activities so you should definitely take his class if you can! I'm hoping he'll teach ENGH201 for next semester because I'm taking that class.
5.0 : He is a wonderful open-minded teacher. His assignments are not easy but he is always there for you. He would willingly help you to reach your goal.
4.5 : Great professor. PowerPoints are a boring. Take this class on Fridays because he lets you out a little less than an hour early each class. 3 papers, 2 exams, an easy lab, and a group project. I recommend that you pay attention in class because he randomly calls on people throughout the class period and it is embarrassing if u don't know the answer
1.0 : The speed of grade is very slow. Not clearly answer your questions and very rude. Poor quality.
5.0 : Great professor, fair grader &amp; gives great feedback. Make sure you cite your sources because he takes a lot of points off if you don't. Pay attention in class he likes calling on random people to keep the class engaged. A little tough on the group project because he grills you up there, but work hard and you'll def get a good grade
4.5 : Hes a nice professor. Very professional like. Slides are boring but make sure you are paying attention in class because he likes calling on people; it could be embarrassing at times. Writing assignments are fairly easy. Case study wasnt that bad although its 2000 words. He grades easy. Exams were difficult. Group project and presentation was stupid
5.0 : Amazing professor. Two Memos and Research Paper graded easy. Multiple choice midterm is a little hard, some questions come from end of chapter quizzes in the book. Final is easy but you have to write a lot, but you get to have two pages of notes. Attendance is graded. Group project is easy but its 15 minutes, and Q&amp;A at the end. Easy summer course.
5.0 : He is one of the best instructors. Very knowledgeable and prepares you for the real world workplace. Very organized and clear grading and assignment instructions. Makes the class fun! The class is very easy. No testsexamsbook. But you will do a good amount of group work. If you have a dedicated group and a good client, you'll get an A.
5.0 : Professor Farrel is hands down my favorite professor at GMU. His 492 class is fast paced and full of practice, by the time final presentations come around its no sweat because you've been trained all semester long. Funny guy, very helpful, all around excellent professor. Take 492 with him, you won't regret it
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. Explains her material clearly. Lets you revise every piece of writing and gives you a 3 day pass, which lets you turn in anything later. Very helpful and understandable. Just be nice to her, come to class, turn in everything on time and you will get a good grade.
4.5 : Professor Cook is an amazing professor. She is extremely helpful and is passionate about the subject. Papers are relatively easy and she gives countless opportunities to earn points. She also allows revisions for all major assignments. Go to class and do your work and you're guaranteed an A! I would definitely take another class with her!
5.0 : Please, just take her class and GO TO HER CLASS. She really changed my attitude towards English. Up until now, I hated English, but now I love it! She made me have confidence in my writing again and it feels wonderful! Her style is teaching is very laid back and she is young so it is much easier to reach out to her!
5.0 : He is the best Systems professor at mason. He like to help his students, and he knows the material so well. TAKE HIM!
4.5 : Dr. Zaidi is a good professor. He is very smart and adept at explaining the material. Unfortunately in lecture he moves fast, however in his office hours he really goes out of his way so that you understand. The class was very challenging, but he helped as best as he could. Not enough time for the tests, but he allows a formula sheet which helps.
3.5 : 1) Weekly HW assignments but with organized and clear materials 2) No quizzes just 1 extra credit quiz 3)Hardest Midterm you will ever take in your life 4)Attendance not required but you should attend because he solves the HW in class + he'll be more helpful if he knows you 5)HARD HARD HARD final 6) He curves like crazy
5.0 : Very hard class but he wants students to learn. Homework every week and two very very very hard exams. Lots of opportunities for extra credit and there is a huge curve at the end.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : I am writing this mid semester for you juniors and seniors. Professor Bruch is awesome. The class is a bit dry but it's a law class but he tries to make it entertaining. Judge by day teacher by night I don't know why this man doesn't have any reviews. Three exams 25%/50%/25% multiple choice short answer. Take him you won't regret it.
5.0 : This professor is awesome! I honestly looked forward to every class with him and learned more in this class than any of my other management classes thus far
5.0 : Without a doubt one of the best professors I was lucky enough to have at GMU. Class format is lectures and prof encourages students to participate in lecture by reading case assigments, contributing to class discussions etc. Grade was based on 3 exams which made my participation not "forced" :) I gained a lot of knowledge from this class.
5.0 : LOVE THIS PROFESSOR!!!! Very helpful, very funny and extremely understanding. He makes physics lab tolerable and fun to attend. Def my favorite professor throughout my years in college :')
4.5 : Cares about teachingthe material. Wants everyone to pass, and attendance is mandatory, but he guarantees an A if you do. Lecture before lab is very informative, knows what he is talking about no matter how silly he is, makes sure everyone understands the lab. He is so easy! I learned a lot, lenient in grading. If you try, thats all he cares about.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor. Makes a real attempt to know and help her students. A lot of reading, but its interesting if you are passionate about the topic.
5.0 : Pofessor El-Shazli is by far the best professor at Mason. She genuinely cares ut her student and does not try to fool you on tests. You will get a 100 on every paper as long as you get your points across.
5.0 : She's a genuinely good professor. She is the farthest thing from mono toned. Her personality helps keep the class up beat and exciting. The course is a bit demanding and the work/ reading is overwhelming. In the 345 class there is 5 papers, a 20pg paper and a final. In the 332 class there is 3 tests, a 3pg paper every other week and the final.
5.0 : Dr. El-Shazli is just a wonderful, wonderful person.  She's excited to teach and excited to help her students.  Weekly assignments are super easy - answers are straight from the book - and she tests directly from the study guides she gives.  She's willing to go the extra mile to help her students.  Take her whenever possible.
5.0 : Heba is wonderful! She is enthusiastic and cares about her students. It is obvious that she really wants us to learn and understand the subject. I look forward to taking Political Islam with her next semester. My favorite professor at GMU!
3.5 : Difficult class, but excellent professor. She really cares about the success of her students and will do whatever it takes to help them. Definitely recommend her!
3.0 : Prof. El Shazli was really nice but the reading was ridiculous. We had to read like 60 pages every class. We had a big research paper that we turned it. She is extremely kind and helpful .. but you need to read A LOT to get a good grade. Final was OK not so easy. Overall, it was a good course...
5.0 : There is a significant amount of reading required, but that is expected given the topic of the class. 3 short essays, 3 MC tests, and a final that mostly reuses questions from the previous tests. Professor El-Shazli is an absolute delight! She is passionate, caring, and extremely knowledgeable. I would take another class with her in a heartbeat!
5.0 : Textbook and reading assignments definitely mandatory. There are a lot of reading assignments, but that is expected for this topic. 2 MC tests, and 3 short essays. The final mostly reuses questions from previous 2 tests. Professor El-Shazli is an amazing professor, perhaps one of the best on campus. Passionate about the subject, highly recommended!
5.0 : Lots of reading (this is a 400-level class after all)! 4 short writing assignments during the semester, and one 18-20 page final paper (no final exam). Professor El-Shazli is truly passionate about the subject and makes every attempt to show multiple viewpoints to avoid bias. Cannot recommend this class highly enough, so long as you put in the work
5.0 : Professor Shazli is an inspirational teacher here at GMU and tries her best to get every student involved in her classes. If you go to every class, study and keep up with the workload you will come out of the class with a great amount of knowledge and a great grade! If you do not take her for any of her classes you are certainly missing out!
5.0 : My only problem with  Professor El-Shazli is that she does not teach all Gov, classes. Fantastic professor! Very enthusiastic and very knowledgeable about the Middle East and the region. I learnt a lot from her!  This was during the summer and the homework wasn't as bad, but there is a lot of reading. I would recommend to keep up on the reading.
5.0 : I highly recommend taking her. She is very funny and has a lot of great stories to tell her students. I took her in the summer and only had three papers, one test, and a final. She provides study guides and links to students quizlets. Tests and papers are very straight to the point. Best teacher I've taken at Mason so far.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. She has a lot of experience and is an expert in her field, yet still very down to earth with students. She is very accessible and loves talking with students. Lots of reading and study guides are long, but if you do all the homework and come to class you'll do fine
4.0 : Shazli is a wonderful professor. She is caring and loving. Not to mention VERY enthusiastic. She gives out a reasonable amount of reading homework, in addition to the several 2 page assignment she hands out. I got low A's on all her exams so she is not that hard! She does take attendance but overall easy A!
5.0 : Great professor! Definitely would take again!
5.0 : Professor El-Shazli is amazing. You'll show up to her class tired, but her excitement and passion for whatever she's teaching that day will wake you up and keep you hooked. I'm pretty shy so I sit in the back of the class and I never talk, and this is a 45 person class. She still recognizes me around campus and says hi!!!
5.0 : I've taken El-Shazli twice now; 345 and 332. I love her so much I'm taking her again next semester. The sweetest woman ever who gives enthusiastic lectures that keep you interested the entire time. Her tests and homework assignments are not difficult and she clearly cares about her students and their opinions.
4.5 : Worked my butt off and got an A- Awesome professor - lectures are really interesting! Tests aren't too tough, if you've done the reading, but her grading is very specific.
5.0 : Prof. El-Shazil's  Her level of enthusiasm for the course  material is unparalleled and her detailed explanations are easy to retain. Go to  every class and copy down and study the power points. There are 4 tests and 7 hwk assignments ( 2 pgs). The final is cumulative and lifts questions off each exam. save them.  If you study an A is possible.
2.0 : Four papers which require references to ALL reading material from each class, LOTS of reading. Really lenient grading though. Lectures are hard to follow and somewhat disorganized. Exam material is strangely specific but all of the questions/answers are on Quizlet - 3 exams total. Sign in sheet is used for attendance and it's graded.
5.0 : This was my second time taking a class with Professor El-Shazli, she is a wonderful professor and very inspirational! She keeps her students engaged, and is always excited to teach. I highly recommend taking a class with her.
5.0 : lectures are specific to the material needed to pass the tests 7 short reading assignments very passionate about the middle east tells great stories about her time with the UN willing to work with students on outside research. save old tests because the final is cumulative and the questions are all questions off of the old tests. she truly cares
4.5 : He is a stickler on keeping the class till time, so don't expect to get out early...ever. His tests are pretty straightforward, and the lectures are okay. The only thing that was helpful was the video clips he showed. 3 exams, 1 paper, and an extra credit opportunity. Nice guy, genuinely cares about his students and their futures. Willing to help!
5.0 : One of the best professor at Mason. Take him you will learn alot and get a good grade. He knows what he is teaching. You get to learn American Foreign Policy and it will help you alotttt. He is very friendly and willing to help you get a good grade.
5.0 : One of the best professor at Mason, please take him if you want to learn more about American Foreign Policy he knows what he is teaching about. He is very easy, friendly and intelligent teacher. He cares for his students and willing to help them to get a good grade. Take himmmmmmm take himmmmmmmmmmm
5.0 : Great guy, excellent professor, cares deeply for his students. If you attend class and do the assignments, he'll give you the A. Can't recommend highly enough.
5.0 : Prof. Alexander is a good guy. He runs class the whole time, but he makes everything straight out of the textbook. Lectures are boring and long, but he's excited to teach and makes everything so clear. I'd take him again for sure
4.5 : Has a different teaching style, but he is a great teacher. Read the text and assigned articles, you will get a good grade. Not tough grader. He is inspiring and encourages students to engage in the subject in a class and outside the classroom.
4.5 : Professor Messier is really sweet and cares about her students. Expect some reading assignments, which can be long at times, and writing small journals and about 3 papers. No exams. Expect to attend class as attendance is graded. Her lectures are interesting. She provides useful feedback on the papers. Follow her procedures and you will pass.
1.0 : Unreasonable and too inexperienced in this field. She spends so much time making self-depricating comments. Attendance is mandatory and she is not willing to make exceptions for extraneous circumstances like illness or car accidents. Would not recommend.
5.0 : Lectures are concise and get you thinking, and she also allows you to do pretty much anything you need to in order to absorb the information. Really helps you improve your writing, and gives you the resources to get more help if needed. Really cares for her students, and the work isn't hard at all. Very nice grader and kind, best ENGH 101 Prof.
5.0 : I wasn't really looking forward to taking this general ed course, especially senior year..but she made class so fun, and interactive. She really created a great environment. I really will miss having her. She really polishes your writing, especially in your field of study. Take her if you want your moneys worth at GMU! It's an easy A too!
5.0 : This is class is easy. I dont like writing essays but they were easy. Final paper we had to present and we were done with class. Recommend her
4.5 : Good Prof. utilize her feedback and you should get an A. Every English 302 class has the same content. Easy, just show up occasionally.
5.0 : I love Professor Messier! She is so funny and down-to-earth yet very knowledgeable about her field. She is extremely organized, which I really appreciated as I was in her online class. Everything was clear and straightforward as far as assignments are concerned. She was also easily accessible through email or in-person through her office hours.
4.0 : Great English professor. Wants you to pass her course. There are small homework assignments almost everyday but they're worth a small percentage of your grade, same with class participation. Most of the grade is from 3 main papers and some smaller writing assignments. If you do the homework and listen to what she expects for the papers you'll pass.
5.0 : The class was project-based, there was one quiz, but we went over it the class before. Project guidelines are clear, as long as you follow them you'll get at least a B, definitely put aside time to work on them though. That said, if you take an interest and put in a little effort, Bridgette is willing to give suggestions and help you out.
4.5 : Must work hard in this class. Grading is on the hard side. Textbook not required but VERY helpful; get it. Plan to spend a LOT of money on camera, equipment, prints, props for shoots, etc. She is nice and helpful. Learned a lot, glad I took the class. Photo shoots took me a long time. 1st assignment should count less - getting used to camera.
4.0 : Take Him!! He is really nice. He's quizzes are not that hard if you read what is assigned.  There are only two test the midterm and the final. Those can be a little tricky but it is mostly an essay. Basically if you read and study the essay question for the test you should be fine.
3.5 : His lectures go fast and there wont be notes online. Master note-taking skills are essential. Tons of extra credit, but he is a hard grader on essays (which there are a few). He's also a bit bland sounding during lectures. Be sure to study for tests! Still, not a bad class.
4.5 : There is not a huge amount of reading. We would have a lecture/quiz day and a small group assignment the next. Do not worry about the quiz, the questions were simple if you bothered to open the textbook. We also had two small essays, as long as you put in some effort, you will do well. He tries to help students do well and hands out extra credit.
5.0 : Posts slides on blackboard. 2 papers and a final. He grades the papers pretty easily, but the final is pretty difficult if you do not study (I did not study)
4.0 : Really cool professor. Has one day of lecture and one day of group work. Be sure to come to class because the notes aren't on blackboard. Make sure you do the readings too, there are quizzes on them but they're pretty easy. There's a midterm, a final, and 2 short essays. Offers a lot of extra credit too. Overall, I'd recommend him
5.0 : He is an excellent professor. He is understanding and always available in person or via email. He highlights all the important concepts. I absolutely loved the class. Wish he was my professor in all my classes.
5.0 : Hayden is a great TA! You should take his section because he is alaways available via email or at the tutoring labs. Most of the time your recitation probably won't last the entire time and you get out early. Just make sure that you do the work before coming to class so that you understand the material.
5.0 : Great TA, very helpful with learning the material and practice problems
5.0 : Hayden is a great TA! He made accounting so much easier for me! He is great at explaining concepts and doing practice problems.
5.0 : best or clos 2 best TA/professor I have ever had. Dang I wish I had attended more of his recitations earlier on - they helped soooo muhc - and he makes recitations enjoyable.
4.5 : Always smiling and goofy! Lecture was all over the place, but Zac really wanted us to learn. No pressure with grades-easy lab.
4.0 : He's a chill lab teacher.  He really molds the lab to the group needs. He doesn't make you do too much pointless work. Just show up and participate and you will be fine. He's a grad student, so is relatable, interesting, quirky
5.0 : Genuinely, one of the greatest professors I have met. Seriously, who knew a science class could be so enjoyable? I didn't, and you probably wont neither till youve taken a class with Zach. Just overall great professor: makes material easy to understand, prepares you well for exams, and really goes out of his way to help you. Defintely recommend
5.0 : Zac is wonderful, he is so kind and patient and willing to help you pass. 3 test and thats it, he give you a study guide and its straightforward. Test are easy, gives lots of extra credit. take him you will not regret it. HE IS AMAZING. Nobody fails his class.
5.0 : Zack is the best instructor you could ever have at Mason. He is very down to earth and a very fair grader. Come to both lab and lecture and do all the assigned work and I gurantee that you will get an A. Before each exam, he gave us a study guide. He also offered plenty of extra credit opportunities. I highly recommend taking his class with him.
4.5 : Zachary Combs is an excellent professor! He's extremely down to earth and really cares about his students. He'll go above and beyond to answer any questions, comments or concerns that you may have. If given the chance, I highly recommend that you take his course(s).
5.0 : Hes a really great lab professor and you'd be extremely lucky to get him, he is however very sought after and might be hard to get.
5.0 : I signed up for a lab that was highly inconvenient for my schedule just so I could have Zac as my lab professor. He wants you to pass and will help you as much as you need. If you can't get a lab group with Zac you should give up and quit college. Super chill dude that you would hang out with after class.
5.0 : Super quirky personality. Very bright and really thorough. If one person doesn't understand something, he would spend an entire class dedicated to make him/her understand. It can be a bit tiresome how much he repeats but that's just how thorough he is.
5.0 : I had him for Theory I. Super quirky dude, entertaining to be in any class he's teaching just for that. This class I had with him wasn't hard (although a few people struggled who didn't have any theory background), later Theory classes get harder though. Wants to see everyone succeed, and will help you out if you need it.
5.0 : Great professor. You will learn and have fun.
5.0 : He is the coolest professor I've had at GMU. He's young and makes the class really engaging and fun. He's flexible and really helpful. Never makes the class feel like they won't succeed. Awesome dude and professor. Makes you want to go to class.
5.0 : Alex is hands-down one of my favorite teachers at GMU. He really cares about the topic, which makes class discussions that much more engaging. I would love to take more of his classes. I do suggest that you go to class and be a part of the discussion. He grades on participation and attendance, but the classes really went by quickly.
5.0 : Alex is a great professor and will work with his students to help with anything they need. This class has a weekly paper (of like two pages) plus some other papers an activities, but for a six credit class it's really not that much, and he's an easy grader as long as you're actually trying and growing. I would absolutely recommend this class.
5.0 : Love this professor and this class. I thought a 6 credit class will be lots of work. but it is mostly writing papers and writing papers about you and your own conflicts in terms of the class is really not that hard. Professor makes the course feasible to what the students want to get out of the class. If you get a chance, go for it.
5.0 : Alex was great! He taught this conflict class with charisma. He explained in detail and was very patient. He always wanted the classes input during discussions. This class helped me understand the transformation of conflicts. Best class I've ever taken!
5.0 : Alex was the most amazing professor I have ever had. He's very clear on what he expects, cares greatly for his students, really gets you involved, and makes you WANT to be involved.  He hands down changed my life with how he taught his work. He is a very passionate guy about his topics.  Is the best listener and is truly one of a kind. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Oh Alex. Where do I begin? He's such a nice guy. He makes you want to go to class. The class goes by fast. He's so genuine. He's understanding and responds to emails quickly. You won't feel stressed when talking to him and he's easy to talk to. One thing I will say is: Be a part of discussion! That makes the class amazing and more captivating.
4.5 : Alex is really nice &amp; genuine. He shares with the class and makes everyone feel included. Really easy to talk to. Take his classes if you can!
4.5 : Classes are very interesting but you have to read the book closely in order to ace the online quizzes. In order to get an A, you have to get a textbook and look over it maybe 1 or two hours a week. The things you learn his class is very relate-able. He uses real life examples too. I recommend using his practice mid terms and final as study guide.
3.5 : He's a good professor in which he knows what he's talking about and it really helps you analyze you life and the actions you take. The only annoying thing is that he expects you to buy 6 textbooks which you will use for 2 weeks then move on to the next one, and has no sympathy for people that cant afford them. just show up to class and youre good
3.0 : Class is way to hard for a 100 level. Too many concepts with no review sheets for exams. You never know what to study for. Again too hard for intro class, only take if you have photographic memory.
3.0 : Some weekly quizzes are easy while others are hard. Tests are straight from the power points. Annoying thing is that even the littlest quote will be on the test from one of the 20 lecture slides and worth a lot of points. Since everything was from the PPT, buying books wasn't needed.
4.0 : If your not Philosophy minded this one is kind of difficult. No review sheets for exams and weekly quizzes can be a bit difficult. But hes a great instructor and very professional. Study and in the end you might pull it off like I did.
4.0 : Profesor Angner has a level of intellect that you seldom find. He knows his stuff. He is not easy, but not impossible. To do well in this class you have to show up, take notes, and stay on top of your stuff. Do not be afraid to take his courses, just be prepared to do moderate-high level work. You will definitely learn. I got a B- trying semi-hard.
5.0 : His class was pretty good! Lectures were never super boring and I actually learned a lot about philosophy! You don't necessarily need the textbooks to do well but you absolutely have to pay attention in class. Participating also helps.
5.0 : Prof. Angner is a wonderful professor; however, you will have to pay attention. Do not take this class if you are looking for an easy A. DO take this class if you want to have a rewarding experience. I recommend that you take notes in his classes, because detail is key. If you do so and participate, his class will be a breath of fresh air.
5.0 : Dr. Angner is highly intelligent (two PhDs), and very respected in the academic world. The class consisted of two midterms, a final,&amp;weekly quizzes. As long as you study, you should be fine. Lectures come straight from the book, and he really cares about the student and is very eager to help. An added bonus is that he has great fashion!
4.5 : Angner was my favorite professor at Mason thus far. He's incredibly interesting, and teaches extremely complicated concepts in an easy-to-understand way. Very interesting class that will give you a new perspective on economics. He is always willing to help, and likes to communicate with his students (even on Twitter). If you could, take this class.
5.0 : GREAT TEACHER! You will work for whatever grade you receive, but i left the class feeling very accomplished! He runs the PPE program at Mason and i can't wait to take more classes from him. If you try in his class theres no reason you shouldn't pass. He is engaging and motivational!
3.5 : I really like this class, up until taking this philosophy course, I didn't understand philosophy. he's very clear and explains everything well, if you ever have to take a philosophy course I recommend him. You'll enjoy it. his test are a little hard if you don't pay attention in class.
5.0 : He is really nice and helpful during class and office hours. I highly recommend taking his lab :)
3.5 : Strong accent makes his presentations confusing sometimes, however hes very helpful and nice. Tries to make the content and experiments simple and straight forward. Would recommend him for any lab!
5.0 : If you're just looking to get your science gen ed out of the way, Mr. Cui is a great option. All you really have to do is show up, do the work, and you're pretty much guaranteed an A. If I could take him for every class, I would.
3.5 : Super nice lady, answers emails quick, nice grader. I took the 3 hour class, which she never exceeded 2 hours. The class is super easy if you read the textbook! I would definitely take her again.
3.5 : This class is okay. There is so much material to cover, but it isn't interesting because Dr. de Jonge speaks in a dull, monotonous voice that almost puts you to sleep (especially since I was in her 7:20-10:00 pm class). On another note, she is really sweet, and responds to emails within the same day.
4.5 : a very nice and helpful professor. She knows her material but should improve her way of talking which is a bit monotonous
4.0 : Although her lectures are boring, I enjoyed her class. She was really nice and she always responded quickly to emails. Read the textbook for her quizzes. Her quizzes are not super hard, but they're not easy either. I did well on the exams. The powerpoints are a little vague, but you'll do fine as long as you study.
3.0 : Dr. de Jonge is a lovely human being. She seems genuine and nice. However, her teaching definitely needs improvement. She is kind of boring and dull, as she simply stands in front of the classroom and reads off the powerpoint for the majority of the near three hour class. She's not the toughest grader though. The study guide could use A LOT of work
4.5 : Dr. DeJonge is a wonderful professor.  I have learned so much this semester.  Her lectures are straight forward but she tries to put a lot of her own experience in them.  I highly recommend her
5.0 : this is a very caring professor. She makes sure you understand everything and spend time before or after class to help.  She is very encouraging and makes you feel proud.   She has a lot of experience.
4.0 : A very caring professor who is always ready to help. She listens to her students.  There are weekly pop quizzes which can be tricky.
4.5 : She is a great professor.  It is obvious that she loves what she is doing. Her lectures are a bit long.  She is very respectful and understanding.  Her tests are hard but not impossible.
4.5 : A great professor.  Always ready to help. Replies quicker to e-mails than any of my other professors.
5.0 : I loved him. I took him online and he was great. His lecture videos are amazing. Very accessible through email. Knows a lot about the subject as well. Only downside was that the class has ALOT of material to memorize, its impossible..2 quizzes, 4 hws, 1 group paper/ presentation, midterm, final, 1 lab, 1 student journal. Tough class
5.0 : Professor Riki is teaches this dry subject in a way that will help you learn it without wanting to kill yourself. He is one of the best here at mason. He is very fair. However the lectures are incredibly long. This class is not hard if you put in some effort.
3.5 : He seems like a good-enough professor; the real problem is the class.  Telecommunications is pretty boring and a lot of the curriculum is spent on outdated technologies.  Get ready for a lot of reading and memorization.  Definitely pad your schedule with classes that you like, because this one is a chore.
5.0 : Morikawa is an excellent professor.
5.0 : Great professor. Helps students out a lot and teaches as well as the class can be taught due to the dry material. Class isn't really mandatory but it helps to show face. Exams were tough but projects carried the grade.
5.0 : Lectures are long and filled with content. Attendance is not required but going to every class will definitely give you an edge when it comes to exam time. He is very knowledgable about the material of this class and it shows. He is probably your best bet for IT 300.
5.0 : Dr Riki Morikawa is an amazing professor who goes out of his way to help you in anyway that he can. His kind and cares about the students and wants them to succeed and that his only goal. The class is a lot of work and requires putting lots of time in order to pass.
5.0 : Morikawa is a good professor. There is a large workload involved but I didn't think it was that bad. The midterm and final had so much material covered it was mainly about memorization but there is so much material that its almost impossible. I somehow managed to get an A though over the summer online so overall it isn't that bad.
5.0 : This is guy is smart and nice, but man unless you love talking tech and protocols this course is boring. Not an easy A but he's the best professor to take this class with. no textbook, just pay attention in class. I was bored out of my mind in class but it wasn't because of his teaching style, the material is just dense. take him.
3.5 : Morikawa is a nice, understanding professor. The class has a ridiculous amount of material. Be prepared to devote a lot of time to studying if you want a good grade. I highly advise students to read the chapters in addition to studying the PowerPoints, homework, &amp; supplemental material. Study the math problems, they are a large part of test grades
5.0 : Nice and easy professor!  Go to lectures and study his slides to get easy A! He also provides study guide before mid term and final!
5.0 : I took his IT300 class online before and it was structured very similarly, as long as you take good notes and read the online textbook you should be good for the exams. There's one 3-5 page individual research paper. I would highly recommend him for any class he teaches, he is very organized and accessible.
3.0 : If you are not interested in telecommunication, this class will be annoyingly hard.  Lots of material to even memorize it, acronyms are everything in this class. Exams are tough but they're not worth a lot of points.  Do your best at the HW, Quizzes &amp; research paper and you'll be able to pass the class.
5.0 : Riki is a caring professor, but the material is boring. Lectures are a drag, however if you study the PowerPoints you'll be fine on the exams. Final is non-cumulative. Homework and quizzes are open notes online.  1 easy lab. Midterm has various math portions on it. Final is more theory than math. Go to class and get the main concepts of lectures.
4.5 : Morikawa is a very nice,smart and understanding professor. His lectures are a joke as he reads completely off the slides. Attendance is not mandatory so you don't ever have to go to class, just read the lecture slides on your own. Quizzes and Tests are a bit rough as this course expects you to learn a boat load of information.
5.0 : Professor Riki Knows the material very well and tries his best to make the class interesting. But, the material is very dry and contains a lot of content to memorize. If you have to take this class, go with Riki.
5.0 : One of the best professor please take her. She is very friendly, nice and know alot about State and local government. She will help you to get a good grade, a great professor.
3.0 : She teaches like she is teaching 500 level. She assumes that everyone knows all of the info that she's covering. I have only taken Psy100 so all of the info was new to me. She goes too fast on the slides and doesnt post them. Go to class bc the class material is on the test. There is extra credit. Have to write an article summary, kind of hard.
4.5 : One of the most amazing classes I've ever taken! She's perfect! You learn so much about Indian culture, very easy going, funny, and advises you both personally and academically. Inspired me to become a dance minor! Plus it's an easy class, just show up, make an effort to learn the dances, and you'll get an A. Would take her again if I could.
5.0 : Show up to class, have a great time dancing, learn about Indian culture,  and get credit for Global Understanding... yes, this is the best class ever.  She is so easy going and such a great dancer. She has made the class so interesting that I never want to miss it! Attendance is the most important part, but you will honestly want to go. Take her!
5.0 : She is SO much fun and very passionate about dance. Attendance mandatory
5.0 : Literally the best dance class ever. Effort definitely matters so as long as you try your best, you'll be fine. Attendance matters like every other dance class. Midterm was easy if study and the final is performing a dance you did in class. Unless you absolutely have no rhythm there's no reason not to get an A.
5.0 : Her Bollywood class is one of the most fun dance classes I have ever taken! Not only is it interesting but she makes you actually want to come to class to learn more. After this class I have taken a sudden interest in Indian culture. She is a funny woman and is very well versed in this area of dance. The class was extremely enriching.
5.0 : Prof Clark is the bomb! She's funny, knowledgeable, and passionate about everything related to India. Attendance for dance classes is a must, but she gives extra credit. There's one short paper (review on a performance), a very easy midterm, and the dance performance final. Classes were fun and a good workout. She even brought us jalebis once :)
5.0 : She is absolutely amazing. Many people take the Bollywood class but I took the middle eastern one and I can safely say this was the best class I had all semester. Attendance is mandatory, &amp; there is only one required paper due. She cares about her students and you can see how passionate she is about teaching students the culture of the dance as well.
5.0 : She is so nice! She has a very 'mom' vibe about her. She knows the subject and how to teach it very well. She is funny, nice, and helpful. Exams aren't too bad, just study and you will be fine (based mostly on slides). Has two paper, but they are simple and easy enough. Very clear in expectations. I recommend her class. It's fun and you'll learn!
4.5 : Very helpful, answers emails really quickly! Knows his stuff, definitely recommend him for lab
5.0 : He's really nice and an extremely lenient grader. If you  have a problem with homework he will straight up give you the answer he's looking for. Super laid back and he really knows his stuff. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Great teacher! Keeps the entire class engaged and on topic. Employs many methods to encourage innovation and development.
4.5 : This was his first time instructing a IT 206 class.  He graduated from GMU's AIT program so he understands what the students have to go through in the class.  He's also a younger teacher so he won't bore you to death like some other teachers can do.
5.0 : She's one of the best professors I have had at Mason! takeher. she is very helpful and understanding. you will get an A if you study all her notes
4.5 : Very intelligent &amp; passionate woman, but this class was too much! We had to read texts, discuss in class, AND write response entries online. Some of the assignments were a DOOZY &amp; but she was always available to talk to. She's sweet, but it was her first time teaching this class &amp; she used someone else's syllabus, therefore was at the mercy of it.
4.5 : The class is an easy A. There are 3 tests during the semester and he gives you a study guide beforehand. There are online quizzes for homework, but they are really easy. You do not have to be at every class, but his lectures are pretty entertaining and is a really nice guy. I would definitely take his class again because I love getting easy A's.
5.0 : I was new to the subject but he really made the class interesting. Workload is doable. Didn't even need the textbook but still had an A. Very detailed and well explained slides. The study guide is exactly as the exams, if you do it well the test will be very easy. Take you because you won't regret it. Just go to class, have fun, and study.
4.5 : Lippi is easy going. His lectures were about 3 hours but he didn't fail to keep his class entertained by incorporating memes to his slides. If you need to contact him he answers quickly to emails. There are only 3 exams to which he gives study guides. Homework is important to pass the class which is easy since it's online and not too time consuming
4.0 : He's following his syllabus. Can't make up, and don't be hard on yourself. The only thing you can do is look up, improve next time, and move forward. I was struggling in this class a bit, but everything he says + everything on the powerpoint is on the test.
5.0 : Really nice professor, cares about teaching and is respectful to students. I learned a lot in this class and would take it again. The study guides for the exams were extremely helpful and helped me to not overload myself with studying. You have to do one paper, and the good thing about it is that you can choose the topic (related to course).
5.0 : Stephen took a truly massive amount of information and presented it very effectively.  His lectures were concise and well thought out.  I wasn't bored in his class, even given how much was worked into every lecture.  His tests are difficult, but only if you do not use his phenomenal study guides. He is also pretty!
4.0 : I love this guy. At first, I won't lie to you... I barely understood anything he said. It was a lot of information but somehow I managed to get through this class smiling. He's seriously the nicest guy and he's clear with his grading. I enjoyed his study guides because they were detailed about whats on the test. Overall, he's a great guy! :)
5.0 : ALL TAKE HOME EXAMS!! Even the final. He does a quiz every class on what he taught the class before. Lectures are boring, also they are three hours which doesn't help. But overall 100% recommend! I also wouldn't waste your money on the book. Never even opened it. His slide contain everything you'll need.
4.5 : Super helpful if you ask for it. Don't complain, though, if you don't go to classdon't ask for help and fail.
5.0 : He talks really fast but if you need clarification he will slow down. Gives a study guide and if you email questions, he is happy to help. As long as you do the study guide, you will do great on exams. Beware of quizzes! No study guide for those. He also does random 1-min questions for participation. Plenty of extra credit opportunities as well.
4.5 : Class lectures are always interesting, he makes them fun with the tools he uses, like you tubes.  He responds quickly to your emails. Great experience.
5.0 : He tells you exactly what will be on the exams. As long as you fill out the study guides you'll get an A on everything. I didn't expect to enjoy physiological psych but I ended up really liking it because he made the lectures interesting and engaging. I would highly recommend taking him for this course!
5.0 : For those of you with little to no science background, but have to take physiological psych for your major, I highly recommend you take this class. His lectures are so thorough that learning the material was a breeze. His tests are  tough, but he provides study guides that help a great deal. Honestly, one of the kindest professors I've ever had!
5.0 : You knew what to expect on quizzes and exams. Exams were long, but take home. He allowed one index card for quizzes which made all the difference when remembering equations and processes. Grading was fair and clear. The lectures and question answers were always thorough.
5.0 : I love Stephen. He is knowledgeable and cares about whether or not the students are understanding what he is teaching. He is receptive to questions, comments, and concerns. I do not recommend buying the textbook because I only ever used the tables in the appendix (which you can easily Google). Go to class, do the homework, &amp; study the power-points.
5.0 : Any statistics class is difficult but if you put in the hours and effort you will pass. I only missed 1 lab and maybe 2 lectures but didn't do so great on my quiz the following class. There's a quiz and hw every week BUT he lets you being in an index card for the quiz which saved my grades. Exams are take home which I appreciated. Take him!
5.0 : He is very nice. Always clarifies if needed. Gives study guides!
4.0 : Stephen is a nice guy obviously. I thought that this information would bore me, but he plays lots of videos to keep interest. Watch out for 1 minute questions as he uses them for attendance and extra credit. He also gives you all the answers to the test in a study guide. Like seriously, the tests were super easy and lots people got higher than 100.
5.0 : I found the class difficult at first but after the 1st exam i felt better about the class. Created the professors study guide in a day &amp; studied throughout two days before test. Gave about three days before quizzes to study for it! Going over the power point (on my own) to understand it in my way helped with my quiz performance. Ended with A.
4.5 : Lippi was an awesome proff,  I took PSYCH 375 in a 5 week summer class, super challenging but he makes it possible. He gives out study gues THAT LIEs OUT EXACTLY WHAT HE WILL TEST YOU ON. Its amazing. He tries to be fun and he seems to care if we truly understand or not.
4.5 : One of the most helpful professors I have had in college so far. He is young and adorable which was a plus. He provided study guides and plenty of extra credit. However I studied a lot for this class by reading the text and attending every lecture. It is a fast pace course but he did a good job making the biological part of psych interesting!
4.0 : This summer course (ONLY 5 weeks) was tough. If you do the assignments (article reviews), in class assignments, and study for test you will get a good grade.  He takes his time to make sure you understand material (has drawings of the pathways, not its not  just words on PP) Would take again in FallSpring but not summer. Study for test!
5.0 : Stephen is easily the best prof at GMU &amp; as a PhD student himself, he's very flexible and there for you. He is hilarious, extremely organized and doesn't overwhelm you with unnecessary content. His PPTs are easy to follow and his love for the subject is inspiring. He teaches at a great pace and his study guides are like the Bible! LOVE him!
5.0 : Interesting class! I liked his powerpoints and the exams were from the study guide. If you do the study guide provided by Professor Lippi then the exam should be a breeze. I would definitely take this professor again without a doubt in my mind.
3.0 : The subject itself is very difficult and a lot of info to learn with each chapter. His powerpoints/study guides are detailed but his exams were TOUGH. Some extra credit, doesn't take attendance, one paper, and I believe four exams. He's an OK teacher but kind of flies through each chapter which left me with a LOT of reading/cramming.
5.0 : He makes the lectures straight forward, with a few examples that you do while in class. Although it is tough material, he breaks it down well enough to understand, not just memorize how to do. The tests are take home, but they are challenging. There is a quiz every week, but you can take a note card. He gives you everything you need to do well.
5.0 : I took this class over the summer and expected it to be brutal because the neuro part of psych was never my favorite. The content is by no means easy, but Stephen makes it manageable. He's excellent at explaining difficult concepts. Plus, there's lots of extra credit and the exams come directly from study guides which is always great for the gpa.
5.0 : He is a great professor and made a compact summer class easy. The MindTap homeworks are time consuming but worth it for studying for tests. Definitely use his study guides, he makes the tests straight from them. You don't need to go to class since he puts the slides on BB but it definitely helps. I would definitely take another class of his.
5.0 : I took this class online during the summer for five weeks. Lots of reading and some of the material can be a bit tough to grasp in such a short manner (4 chapters assigned a week). Make sure you complete the online exercises as well. He uploads power points and lectures on them through video so that was a plus.
3.0 : He was an OK teacher but wasn't very accessible or helpful when it came to the MindTap software. I pretty much taught myself for the entire session because the syllabus and grading was confusing, but I got an A regardless because I worked extra hard. I would not recommend taking him for a online summer course or if you really want to be inspired.
5.0 : The class was interesting. He is very helpful, 4 exams and few quizzes. As long as u read his study guides, you don't need a book.
4.0 : Stephen was such a GREAT professor. The class itself was difficult but MAKE FLASHCARDS!!!! He makes the tests based on his study guides which were straight forward. Writing section was the hardest and exam 3. He responds to emails really fast, even on weekends. He was very open to questions and I ask A LOT. He made the class interesting.
4.5 : Great teacher- lectures, although long, are very interesting. As long as you are in class, paying attention and do the study guides, an A is coming your way!
5.0 : COOLEST GUY EVER! i never ever rated a professor but he is extremely nice and helpful. Gave extra credits on everything, study guide is exactly like the actual exam and quizzes are short and straight-forward. Best class ever!
4.5 : Professor Lippi is amazing! Definitely recommend him. He gives easy quiz's on BlackBoard.  Gives out extremely helpful study guide. As long as u do the study guide your set for the exam. Being in class isn't mandatory but he does give out random in class assignments, that he goes over with and you can make corrections to before turning in.
5.0 : Professor Lippi is very intelligent. Very young and knows what he's talking about. He's very helpful, power points are clear, quizzes are easy, he used mind tap for our class, simple to use. Study guides are helpful but you must study. Attendance is not mandatory but will have a couple questions on exams about some things said or shown in class
5.0 : Professor Lippi not only knows his stuff, but he's SO cool and down to earth! His study guides are KEY to acing his exams, and he actually makes sure that you understand his concepts by drawing them all out on the board. He's also quick to email back and he is THE nicest guy. I would take him again in a heartbeat!!!! He's awesome and class is fun!
5.0 : Just do and study his study guide. Easy A.  Very helpful and cool.
5.0 : Very straight forward. Awesome teacher, he is a very nice and sweet guy. I would recommend him for anyone wanting to take this class. It's only an easy A if you come to lecture and do the study guides, do not expect to pass just because he is nice, it still takes effort, but everything is laid out for you to pass. :))))
5.0 : Great professor, honestly this was my favorite class yet!
5.0 : This is my second time taking his class and he is extremely organized and informs you his expectation from the start.  One presentation, online quizzes, 2 article summary, in-class participation and notes for points.  Truly loves what he does and wants you to learn.  Always willingly to help you and answer questions.
4.0 : He is very specific in his lectures, as to what you should know about certain topics. He describes, in great detail, what the topics mean and how each concept relates to each other. It's a lot to take in! But, he does his best to make the information comprehensible. He's definitely approachable, and makes you feel comfortable about asking questions
5.0 : He made Monday evening classes hard to miss.  Read and pay attention and you'll actually learn something at school.   Wish you well in whatever you do in the future.
4.5 : Lippi is a savior for physiological psych. His study guides are the best thing ever. The material is hard and takes a lot of studying but he's definitely fair and gives you the opportunity to get a good grade. I would take him for every class at Mason if I could.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class! I would definitely take it again because he's such a great teacher! I would recommend him to anyone!
5.0 : He makes lectures so much fun and gives study guides that are literally a life savor! Such an easy and fun class!
4.5 : Stephen was a great teacher! His study guides are basically like the test. If you do the study guides and study, then his class is a piece of cake. It's also very interesting. His lectures are actually entertaining, he brings up the movie, "mean girls," a lot lol.
4.0 : Professor Lippi is a young, kind, passionate guy who loves what he teaches. It's evident and infectious. He makes class interesting, even though a 3-hour night class can be tedious. He still broke up the class well and incorporated fun aspects of learning throughout the class. Even the test answers were funny.
5.0 : He was really funny and his exams were pretty easy. Not a very labor intensive class.
5.0 : Lectures can kind of drag on but that is to be expected when you have a three hour lecture. Tests are moderately hard but overall the class is fine. Lectures aren't mandatory however i'd recommend going because they are very helpful.
4.5 : He is a nice teacher that gives relatable examples to better explain complicated topics. Overall, a fun class to take.
4.0 : Only 3 tests throughout the semester. Online assignments almost every week but they are super easy. He makes a 3hr night lecture worth going to. The tests are funny as are the lectures, he encorperates YouTube videos into every lecture. It's a great professor to have for this course.
5.0 : Take Lippi! He makes lectures interesting and fun. He gives study guides for all exams and his tests are fairly easy. I missed class a few times, but I still did well in his class. DEFINITELY TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : Highly reccommend Professor Lippi. Even if you are not interested in psych, he will make it stimulating. His study guides are glorious because they pretty much highlight what you need to know for the test. The tests are straightforward. No tricks, just learning.  There is hw, BUT it's the easiest thing in the world. Plus, it helps study for test.
5.0 : Prof. Lippi is awesome! He makes class fun to attend and easy to understand. He gives ppts of his lectures which I used more than the book. Tests are MC and SA, but he gives study guides! There are a few 1 pg papers throughout the semester, weekly BB quizzes, and easy in-class assignments (attendance isn't mandatory but those assignments add up).
4.5 : Very easy lectures, finish the study guide and it's a guaranteed A.
4.5 : Prof. Lippi did a really good job teaching the class even if it was psych 100. Homework was just doing a brief review on a website once a week and literally took no time at all. He is hysterical and makes attending the three hour lecture totally worth it.
4.5 : Great professor; really passionate about what he's talking about. Lectures are really interesting, but if you don't go, don't worry- he posts everything online. Homework takes a while but is super easy and literally only meant to help you. Would DEFINITELY take again.
5.0 : A well organized and well taught class. The material was not easy to learn but his powerpoints and Mindtap program were very helpful in understanding the material. If you are interested in learning more about Psychology, I definitely suggest taking his course.
5.0 : Professor Stephen Lippi is by far one of the best professors I have ever had. His lectures are interesting, his due dates are clear, the tests are straight from the study guide, and he is very helpful in any question you have! I would definitely take his class again. Absolutely love him! Take my advice and take his class!!!!
4.5 : Stephen Lippi is a great professor, his class is long but its worth it and all assignment for this class would be on mindTap. His class is an easy A or B if you do the assignment on the MindTap website.
4.5 : Stephen is one of the best professors I've had this semester at Mason. If you have taken Psych in high school or have previous knowledge the class is very easy. His lectures are really interesting and funny at the same time. The tests are fair and the questions are very super clear and simple if you know the answer.
5.0 : Professor Lippi's lectures were long as my class block was 7:20-10 pm, but he made them worthwhile and he was such a relatable guy! Tests were straight from the study guide and homework is online through Mind Tap. Don't buy the textbook for this course, I didn't open my physical copy once because it's all online.
4.5 : Really easy class if you do the study guide. Lippi is helpful and straight to the point.
5.0 : A very hip and relatively young professor who made the subject so interesting and kept me awake during a 2hr and 30min lecture at 7pm till 10pm. The topics he goes over are never boring and actually make you look at people differently after. Would highly recommend him!
5.0 : Super recommend, easy class, do not need to go to class, no pop quizzes, easy homework points, need to do research which is not difficult, he curves exams, only three exams, he gives extra credit, he is funny, class requires you to buy an online textbook, super long powerpoints, easy A.
4.5 : He is an amazing lecturer.  I went to all the lectures and with minimal studying got a 93%!  If you have to take PSYC-100, I highly recommend this professor.  Warning though: Mind-Tap (a student payed for online service) is all the homework of the course.  It is very easy (albeit somewhat time consuming) to get 100% on all the homework.
4.5 : Professor Lippi's lectures are very interesting because he teaches with passion. The exams are tough and require detailed studying. Luckily, he provides very detailed and clear study guides to aid you in studying. Homework and research participation is a significant part of the total grading percentage. Students really have to work for their grade.
5.0 : Lippi is indeed one of the best professors out there. His lectures are really fun to listen to and he incorporates  memes and mean girls in his slides. His exams are not the hardest if you study the study guide. Overall, he is a great professor and i would recommend him to anyone.
4.5 : Lippi lectures are beyond great and really relatable to what he says to the class. I believe he has a passion for the subject which makes learning about psychology even better. His study guides are really helpful to study for his tests. I enjoyed going to his class each time. Really recommend him!
5.0 : He's a cute professor. Easy A class.
5.0 : Excellent teacher/lecturer and is very clear on what's needed to get the grades. The class covers a lot of material and he presents it in an organized and efficient way. Study guides for exams are very important and tell you what to focus on. Don't skip class.
5.0 : Lippi is an easy going guy. His lectures are long but he makes them entertaining. He actively tries to make sure his students pass; he whips up study guides for his exams. If you're looking to do minimal work and get an A, you can very well skip most lectures, do the hw assignments (MindTap, so easy A's), and just do the study guides.
5.0 : He was so nice, I loved the way he taught the class. You have study guides for the exams which tells you exactly what to study. I do recommend you study the whole powerpoint! The quizzes dont have study guides so study hard for that. Do well on the group project, and come to class. the 1 min questions can KILL your grade.
5.0 : Sarah is awesome! Though this class was taken for my synthesis course in order to graduate, I'd never expected myself to enjoy taking this class. Only four exams, some reading quizzes depending upon how many lectures we get through, and two presentations (one individual and one in a group). It's an easy class, take it if you can!
5.0 : Prof Dziura is SO nice. Her slides/lectures are helpful and coincide with the text very well. I found her class interesting. She gives study guides for the test so if you take the time to study the material, you'll do well. I'd defiantly take another course by her and recommend her to others.
5.0 : This is the lab portion of 304. It is not a class you can just show up for. You can typically find answers to the in class assignments in the book, but it gets complicated fast. You need to read and understand. I had to put in a lot of effort to write my papers properly. She will give you every chance and assistance by giving feedback you can use.
4.0 : Took her for the lab portion of PSY 304. Was fine, takes a while to grade papers though. Most of the lab grade is just showing up and completing the really easy worksheet for that week. 2 papers, both pretty short (fewer than 1500 words each).
2.0 : Professor Thurman is very kind, however I would not chose her for an online course again. The course was so easy that I sometimes felt that I wasn't learning much. She's also inconsistent with due dates and often updates the syllabus just hours before an assignment is due. Perhaps she is better for in class lectures...
5.0 : Prof. Thurman is a well experienced and passionate teacher. lectures are very informative and based on the real world. She inspires her students. She gives pop quizzes based on her lecture and make sure every student has a clear understanding of the grading. I like how she thinks a head and give students a wider spectrum of career after graduation.
5.0 : I highly recommend her.  take her if you can
5.0 : Prof. Thurman is very helpful and very respectful to her students. her class is easy if you do the work. she is not a hard grader and she is very clear in her presentation. there are quizs every week. the quizs are from the previous lecture. i highly commanded her. i got an A+ for her class
5.0 : Professor Thurman was one of my favorite professors ever. She's a big people person and she gets you excited about what she teaches. You can tell she's very passionate. If you do the work an A is possible but some of her pop quizzes are on the harder side. If you do the reading or look over the powerpoint you'll be fine.
5.0 : Great professor!! She is very knowledgeable, and very clear in her lectures. Her class is not an easy class but you need to remember its a 400 level class, yet she makes it fun and engaging. Highly Recommended.
3.5 : Dr. Lee is an AWESOME teacher, definitely one of the best within the graduate school social work department.   I will say I worked HARD for my grade.  Very Hard.  Readings and the book are necessary.  Again, I worked hard for my grade but she is such a great teacher I have few ill words to say about her.
3.5 : Taking her for research methods was okay. She is a fantastic instructor simply because she is passionate about research and she is willing to help students,(even if you may not understand all of the information). She can be a tough grader when it counts, but she is open to giving feedback and helping you do well.
5.0 : Lee is great. Definitely challenging but you'll learn a lot. She encourages participation and class discussion. Lots of readings but worth it! This is the quality I expect at GMU.
4.5 : Overall not too bad.  Would take her again.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had at Mason, and definitely one of the best professors I've had in the SOCW dept. Dr. Lee brings cultural competency into her teaching and really pushes to think critically about the information you're taking in and putting out. Extremely accessible, helpful, and understanding.
5.0 : Dr. Lee, is very supportive and passionate about teaching students about Research. She is very approachable and extremely patient and helpful.
5.0 : Really good guy. Yes, guy, he is young, but very knowledgeable, the subject is interesting. I found his test hard, but that is good, that makes you think. Attendance isn't mandatory, but if you do go to every class he recognizes that. Always willing to help. Take him, don't be scared, it'll work out at the end even if the beginning was not so good.
5.0 : I thought his class was pretty good. I'm not a Psych major, but he was able to break it down for non-Psych majors to understand. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Probably one of the best experiences I have had in a classroom. Dr. Corbett respects his students and he loves what he does. As long as you keep up with the work you're golden. His classes are engaging and he never talks down to you. You may not love writing when you walk out of his class but you'll definitely be more knowledgeable.
4.5 : Corbett is very good at his job, but his class can be slightly frustrating. There are 3 major papers due at the end of the semester in the final portfolio, which is nice, but you don't know what your grade is until the end of the semester. As long as you do the assignments and turn them all in, he will like you and give you a good grade
5.0 : He is THE BEST professor I've ever had here at GMU. He's very knowledgeable and fun! He makes learning fun and the classroom is always engaging and fun to be a part of. I absolutely recommend taking him for any class he's offering. You'll actually enjoy it even if you dont like the subject that much.
4.5 : this guy is great and all. but when it comes to the work load, he is ridiculous. his syllabus is 30 pages so you can imagine how much work he assigns. Its just too much to keep to with esp if you are taking other upper level classes. i understand its advanced composition but its just TOO much. dont take him if you cant handle lots of papers.
3.5 : Dr. Corbett is great! He's super laid back and never talks down to his students. The course load isn't bad - ONLY three major papers, six SHORT assignments, and a final ePortfolio (if you complete everything in the ePortfolio, you're guaranteed a B in the class). Also, Corbett is BIG on peer review. EVERYTHING you write is reviewed by your peers.
4.5 : This was one of the most unique classes I've taken at GMU. You rely mostly on your group members that you pick on the first day of class. This class will challenge you as a writer, but you will really grow during this semester. Make sure you pay close attention during your conferences! Would highly recommend taking
3.5 : Professor Corbett is not only great at what he does, he is also a great person. Do take this class and do NOT be intimidated by the long syllabus, GUARANTEED "B" if you do all the assigned work.  ALL the work is due at the very end in an online portfolio.  He is there to help so make sure you get your money's worth and ask, always willing to help!
5.0 : Professor Corbett is one of the most caring professors for his students. His lectures are amazing &amp; super fun which is why I loved going to every class. Not only is he an amazing professor who knows his stuff, but he pushes you to be a better writer while working with your classmates. Guaranteed B if you turn in everything, but don't procrastinate!
5.0 : Lots of work, but one of the most beneficial classes I've taken so far in college. You have to write a lot and attend/ participate in class, but your writing skills will improve. It's definitely worth it to take the honors section if possible, because Dr. Corbett will push you to be a better students. Final portfolio sucks but great class overall.
4.0 : Professor Corbett is one of the most awesome professors I've ever encountered during my years at college. He's kind of goofy, but overall an incredibly caring person. He really is passionate about writing and although I wasn't, he did push me and I'm a better student of rhetoric because of him. If you don't take him, you'll miss out.
4.5 : The writing seemed irrelevant to my major at first but after the class I realized how helpful it truly was. Instead of lecturing, Corbett acted as a mediator for the class, assisting &amp; guiding us as needed. I appreciated this different approach because we were treated as adults rather than children. WARNING: The workload gets heavy toward the end.
5.0 : Professor Corbett really made going to class enjoyable.  His class is not easy - you will have things to do constantly, whether they are due or not.  Despite this, however, you will learn a LOT about writing and have a great time.  He is very funny and has a great personality for a college classroom environment.  Highly recommended!
5.0 : The coolest professor I ever had at GMU. Cool guy, knows what he's talking about. I wanted to go to class everyday.
3.5 : Only answers general questions outside of conferences but when you are in a conference with him his feedback is crucial. He's not your usual subject teacher but also teaches u things u might wanna know outside the class as well so its worth giving him a good listen. Just do ur hw &amp; assignments cuz thats the real practice that'll help u write ur MPs
4.0 : Wow, this was probably one of my favorite classes. Going in, I dreaded english. But Dr. Corbett makes it a fun class that I looked forward to every morning. I probably enjoyed it more because I understood what he was teaching (others didnt) but he makes it easy for you to know what hes looking for.
4.5 : Awesome recitation professor! He really wanted us to pass and helped us with the upcoming quiz by going over what we need to know for the quiz. He was amazing and helped a lot !
5.0 : He is a great TA for recitation for Calc 1!
5.0 : Beat professor ever. Cant emphasize it enough. Extremly helpful and is avalible outside of class. Gives homework problems which arent mandatory but very helpful towards the quizzes &amp; tests. Retook this class &amp; grasped the material 5 times more efficiently. Very chill &amp; easy to talk to. It's a hard class so expect to put in atleast 6 hour work daily
5.0 : Droppin that chilli pepper for ya Thomas ;), but seriously he's a great professor and helped the entire class out the entire way through.  Most of the class had failed this course once and he made it really easy for us to see and understand, not saying the content or tests were easy because they weren't.  Clear expectations, just read the textbook.
4.0 : I think he only teaches lectures in summer. I'd take him again. Gives partial credits so make sure you show you understand how to solve and show all work. Lots of easy quizzes; HW quiz you can copy if you did the HW beforehand, and real quiz has 2 questions. Get the book and practice a lot. I got an average of 86 that's A-. Helpful in office hours.
5.0 : Great professor. He really helps understand the material and spends time on the most important parts. He gives quizzes but he will let you know well in advance what the quiz will be on, making it easy to score well. He tests on material that he actually covers in class. Overall one of the best math professors! Take him!
5.0 : Very helpful professor! Highly recommend to take him if you can. He made the material very understandable and quizzed on material he taught. Also really nice and funny :)! TAKE HIM!
2.0 : This professor was funny and entertaining and reminded me of a college student.  It was weird for me because I do not usually see teachers that way.  He definitely knows what he is talking about but I feel like he didn't really care about the class.  Explanations weren't great and I was left confused.  Pretty sure my class average is very low.
4.0 : Great experience so far at GMU. Teacher was always available to meet out of class for extra help. HW isn't mandatory, but extremely helpful since questions are similar to those on exams.  If effort is put in, then it should be an easy A. Teacher was funny and assigned a pretty lenient group project. Textbook is a must for practicing problems!
4.0 : I LOVE MENGMENG (pronounced mung-mung)!  She really knows her stuff and is so helpful.  Gives lots of extra credit on the homework and class almost always got out early.  So sweet, funny, and overall just awesome.
5.0 : He is best in explaining all the concepts of C language (CSC 262). He is always there for you if you get lost. Every lecture begins with the revision of last class. There were 3 projects, 2 midterms, final exam, 13 labs and 4-5 popup quizzes. All quizzes, exams, and projects were based on his lectures. Avoid skipping class.
5.0 : Prof Otten is very helpful and fair. He is there to make sure that you understand the materials, not is there to give you a tough time. Make sure you take good notes and listen to his lecture carefully: many of the project's difficult concepts, potential exam questions are discussed in his lecture.
3.0 : AVOID - there are other professors that don't require students to raise their hands up every class for participation points. Being an introvert, this class was a pain.
5.0 : He's nice guy, has a sense of humor, does a great job explaining the material, and is very patient with questions. If you go to class and pay attention, this class is an easy A. OK, if you have no CS experience, you'll have to put a little more work in, but it's not difficult material. Tests and quizzes are straightforward, with no surprises.
4.5 : Pro. Otten is great for CS262. He is one of the few Professors that i can actually learn the materials during the class. He will make sure you understand the materials before move on. Exams are easy if u take note in class. 3 projects total, first two are really easy. they were like you can finish if you spend 1 or 2 days.
3.5 : good professor but exams are long and tricky. Labs are almost always very difficult and long. no way you will finish in the expected 45 mins... I think he is new at teaching, he needs to realize that his tests and labs only stress the hell out of students, and this just hurts the learning experience and  GPAs. Average 1st midterm was 70 NO CURVE
5.0 : His lectures never left me confused. I had no experience with C going in, but feel confident with it now. I feel like he does a good job at explaining everything. 11 labs, 3 projects, 2 miderms, 1 final. Occasional, very short, pop quiz to make sure everyone is keeping up with material. All reasonable. His voice sounds exactly like Jay Leno.
5.0 : Solid teacher, explains things well. As long as you go to class for the quizzes you should be fine.
5.0 : good easy
5.0 : Prof. Otten is very helpful and his explanations are clear. He tries to make sure you understand the material before going deeper. But if you don't pay attention, you will be left behind! He makes lab attendance mandatory which is a pain...  Three or four quizzes, 11 labs, three projects, two midterms.
5.0 : Good teacher, he knows his stuff and as previously mentioned, is very patient with student questions. Don't skip his lectures, though. This is because, as of the time of this writing, he doesn't post lecture notes to blackboard. His lectures teach you everything you need to know to do well on the labs and projects. Few pop quizzes as well.
4.5 : Curve little at the end, drop lowest quiz, some extra credits on the exams, nice to his students. Listen to class and take note, you will not need to read the book at all. Overall really good at teaching this course
2.5 : Most overrated professor in the department. 1. he focuses SOOO heavily on commands(ie unix/vim) its not even funny, almost 1/3 of ALL test material.  2. he gave 3 POP quizzes that made up 10% of your grade. you missed one? Too Bad! 3. He knows so little,  he says "I'll look it up" or "look at the man page" almost every class. 4. Unreasonable. AVOID
2.0 : He's class is okay, but there is too much work for it to be 2 credits. Half the people in the class already know everything so if your new to C and Unix you will struggle. His study guides suck, he pretty much list all the topics covered in class and calls it study guide. Hes relitevly fair but he just asks for too much.
5.0 : He really puts in effort to help on Piazza and office hours. He loves answering questions and he cares a lot about his students. The class wasn't that hard. Attendance isn't mandatory but he likes to give pop quizzes so I'd advise you attend all his lectures. The exams were easy, and he drops the lowest lab/quiz. Bottom line,  you should take him!
5.0 : He's one of the best CS teachers at Mason. He just explains things very well in class. You have to go to all the classes to actually learn and pass the pop quizzes and tests. He's a pretty fair grader, even if the tests and quizzes are tricky, and his projects are fun. He's a good choice.
4.0 : All around, a solid CS professor. #SavageOtten
5.0 : He's good
4.0 : He was a good lecturer. The class seems kind of easy at the beginning, but if you start missing lectures you will be confused. He had lots of resources available to the students, but I made the mistake of not taking advantage of them.
5.0 : An excellent professor that I would highly recommend. I really enjoyed Prof. Otten's classes. Projects and homework do get progressively harder, but as long as you pay attention during lectures and take notes, you will do fine. He gives a lot of examples that are relevant to assignments.
4.5 : he teaches 262 better than Professor Nordstrom. Take note in class you will not need to read the book at all. and A is easy to get
1.0 : Very unorganized, lectures were all over the place. He gave us only 3 pop quizzes, which were worth 10% of our grade!  He doesn't post notes up, and writes everything on the board but thats no help cuz his handwriting his terrible. Not very knowledgeable(his answers to any questions:I'll have to look it up")  and rambles on about unnecessary topics
5.0 : Take him for CS262. Study and you will get an A. DON'T SKIP HIS CLASS. His lecture material is what you need to study for class. Exam questions are from his lecture materials
5.0 : Otten has the be the best all around guy i've ever met in the CS faculty
5.0 : Great Professor! Really wants students to understand the material. He goes over the same thing 2,3, and 4 times if he has to to make sure you get it! Nice guy! I learned a lot in his class. You must pay attention, ask questions, and come to class. It's a lot of work--this class should definitely be 3 credits! But you learn a lot!
5.0 : Professor Otten is wonderful and pretty much all you could ask for in a CS professor.  There are issues with the class, but they're the department's and not his fault.  Watch out for the monster projects he assigns, otherwise enjoy a very pleasant experience.
3.0 : Just okay professor, not that great. Wouldn't take him again
4.5 : Enjoyable teacher to take
3.0 : Not the greatest prof. but he's okay. As long as you do the readings participate in class, and actually go to class bc attendance is graded! The class is only 10 weeks long, so that was really nice to end early. Personally, I wouldn't take him again but for CS 105 he was okay.
5.0 : He is my favorite pprofessor in CS department so far. I took him for both CS105 and CS262 and he is extremely helpful. He asks what he teaches, and mind you he teaches excellently. Also, being a girl I have always felt encouraging vibes from him unlike other CS professors who only pay attention to guys. He gives surprise quizzes but they're easy.
4.0 : He is a great person and prof. respectful, true professional. If you pay attention to his lectures, do the weekly reading, and take really good notes you can get an A.
1.5 : I would advise you to take a different Prof. But if you can't then he's okay for CS 105. I wouldn't take him again. Make sure you don't miss any of the 3 pop quizzes bc it will bring your grade down a letter. You need the textbook but it's on reserve at the Gateway Library in JC. So don't waste $ buying one.
1.0 : AVIOD
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Excellent professor - explains concepts in clarity. Repeats anything in class if needed however many times asked. Three pop quizzes given (easy difficulty). Projects were OK (hardest was second on graphing). Cares that student understand the material being learned. Final exam was semi-challenging (allowed note card). Knows what he is teaching.
5.0 : Professor Otten is a really great professor! He is very hilarious and he makes his lectures fun! Beware of pop quizzes! Read the book and the assigned readings, and you will get an A! He puts time during his lecture to answer questions. I wish he teaches higher comscie classes. Gonna miss him!
5.0 : Professor Otten is one of my favorite professor in CS department, he is surely the best guy in CS262(Not sure about his 105 tho). He is very clear about the stuff that you need to know for this class. His test is challenging good enough. Taking him if you want to actually learn C, gives out secret words for extra credit, make sure you show up.
5.0 : Extremely easy class. This was the first semester teaching it so the course was a bit scattered. As the semesters go on, it will become better. Exams are between quiz and test difficulty (he calls them quests), and occasional homework assignments are given, including 2 1000+ papers. Overall, an easy discussion-based class. Just don't miss them
5.0 : I absolutely loved these lectures. They were at 9am and I actually showed up to all of them. Very interesting and insightful lectures and he usually gave hints for the labs and projects. As long as you start the assignments on time, and put a reasonable amount of effort in, there should be no problem completing them. Lots of TAs to help. 2 exams
5.0 : Professor Otten is the best for CS 262 in Mason. You don't need to read a book at all! Just go to EVERY SINGLE class, listen and take notes. Whatever he says is going to be on projects, labs, exams. The reason you should go to every single class because he gives pop-quizes. He's not easy but if you work hard you should be fine. Recommended - 10/10!
5.0 : Awesome professor, comes from industry so has real world experience that brings a since of clarity nd reality to the class. Lectures are super important to not miss and if you do, ensure that you make it up in one of his other sections. Does not post much online so attendance is vital. Projects are fair and he gives you all the info you need.
5.0 : This was the first time for CS110 so the prof had to wing a lot of the material. Some of the material is dry but Otten does his best to teach it in an interesting manner. His exams and quizzes were sort of hard if you didn't study, I received a 90% on the final after only 1 day of studying, so not too hard. Show up an listen to pass the class.
5.0 : Take him if possible!!! I'm done.
1.0 : Disorganized class and boring.
5.0 : Tough professor, but I learned a lot. He expects you to come to class, but doesn't check attendance. But, some other students I know blew off some of his classes, and they ended up with Cs and Ds. He takes questions on assignments at the beginning of each class, and doesn't start new material until all questions are answered.
1.0 : Class is not difficult but I wish we had some sort of power point to refer to. Exam were not difficult but questions wording was strange sometimes.
5.0 : Professor Linares is hands down the greatest professor I've had at GMU so far. He is so incredibly understanding to people's situations and does everything he can to help out. He is very interesting and does all he can to make the class fun and interesting as well. I've never met a professor that respects his students as much as he does. TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : Hemil Garcia Linares is the best professor I have had for college-level foreign language. He is so willing to help and give you the benefit of the doubt. He wants to see you succeed so do your best and he will help you.
4.5 : He was a very helpful professor. He is there to help you and wants you to pass. I highly recommend taking him, especially if you are nervous about taking a language.
5.0 : One of the best professor's I've had at GMU period. He genuinely wants you to pass and learn as much as possible. I've taken both his 110 &amp; 210 courses and I'm so glad I waited to take Spanish with him. If you need a foreign language credit or just want to learn Spanish, I HIGHLY recommend taking his class. Awesome professor and most genuine person
5.0 : He is a wonderful professor! He's very helpful and lenient with grades as long as you are working hard. I highly recommend taking him if you can. He's one of the best professors I've had here at George Mason!
5.0 : Great teacher! You should take him,you won't regret it. He is very helpful and will work with you if he sees that you are trying to do the work. He is BIG on attendance and communicating if your not going to be there, which is a good thing because it shows that he cares that you do well in the course.
5.0 : Great Professor! He's very helpful and persistent with making sure you understand the material.  As long as you attend class, pay attention and participate you will do great.  He's also very helpful when preparing for quizzes and exams. recommend you take him if you have to take a spanish course, one of the best professors I've had so far!
5.0 : Professor Garcia is such a nice guy. As a professor he is so understanding and he even says he's like nationwide because he is "on your side", which is genuinely true. The class itself is pretty straightforward. There were online homework assignments due about every other week that correlate with what he teaches from the textbook.3 exams+ch quizzes
5.0 : Great professor!  He's very helpful and makes class fun so you learn a lot! Knows how to communicate with students and is very sweet and understanding. Would definitely take a class with him again.
5.0 : Professor Garcia is one of the best teachers I have ever had. He is willing to do anything in order for you to understand the Spanish language. He brings the Spanish culture into the class whether it it his amazing stories, music or short films. He creates the perfect learning environment for each student. If you take him you wont be sorry!!
5.0 : He was awesome! It was so refreshing to have a professor that actually cared how you did in class. He was incredibly helpful and his love of the Spanish language and culture and teaching really shined through. Definitely take Spanish with him if you have the chance!
5.0 : This man is a legend. Hands down best professor I have ever had.
2.5 : He is not as good as I thought. He does not explain properly the grammar. My mother is native Spanish and teacher in High School and I do not speak Spanish but I can recognize a good teacher. He is not a great one.
4.0 : Honestly a really great guy. If you put in the effort, he will make sure that you get a good passing grade. He loves to tell stories and even though the class will feel long sometimes, he tries really hard to make everything interesting. He is a really fair grader and I wish he was teaching the next level of Spanish. Definitely take him if you can.
5.0 : I took Spanish 210 my senior year with this professor.  He is very helpful and passionate about what he does.  He tries to make class interesting and is willing to work with his students if they need anything.  I def recommend this professor for spanish!
5.0 : Amazing instructor. The only professor who could make a 2 hour class interesting throughout, he is one of the few instructors I have met who actually cares for his students on a personal level, wanting each one of them to succeed. His only limitation is his lack of understanding of more complex English words, but he is patient in such instances.
5.0 : Professor Garcia is one of the best professors I've had at Mason. He was there for me when I was in family crisis and helped me to finish the semester to the best of my ability. He is kind, understanding, and willing to help you accomplish whatever your goals in the class are. He is a more than fair grader and an excellent example of the GMU staff.
5.0 : Professor Garcia is my favorite professor this year, I learned more than I thought I would and he is a really funny guy too
3.0 : Professor Garcia is a very understanding and nice guy. He encourages his students to ask questions. He made this course as painless as possible. Test and quizzes (there are quite a few of them) were all given back in a timely manner. Highly recommend taking him.
5.0 : One of the best teachers at Mason! Made the class a lot easier to understand and genuinely cares about his students. Has everyone read so everyone can participate and get a good grade. I recommend him if you're going to take SPAN 210. He's understanding to his students and tries his best to make sure everyone passes.
5.0 : Absolutely one of the best teachers I ever had, not even just at GMU. Extremely helpful and supportive throughout the semester. He wants his students to succeed and makes learning spanish fun and easy. He makes his lectures fun and doesn't feel like a six credit course at all. I definitely recommend taking him if you can!! Best spanish professor!!!
4.5 : Show up and participate and he will literally not let you fail. Extremely kind individual who is much more concerned with having you learn some Spanish than in critiquing everything you do.  Tries to make class more interesting by incorporating South AmericanSpanish music and film. I wish he was teaching 210, I would take him again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Senor Garcia's Spanish 210 course this semester. I appreciated his laid back and easy going attitude, which was amplified because it was a 7:20-8:35pm class. His feedback on compositions was helpful. I also really liked when he would talk about the cultural differences between the US and the Hispanic world from his perspective.
4.5 : He is awesome. Probably my favorite Hist. Prof at GMU. I would gladly take anything course he is teaching, whether I needed the credit or not. Gives great feedback, responds to emails and is a fair grader.
5.0 : Phenomenal professor and person! She is very passionate about public speaking and buys treats if the class doesn't use vocal fillers. I'm very shy so never did I think Comm100 would be my most enjoyable class! You definitely have to be prepared, so read the text when necessary &amp; be creative. Give an honest effort and you'll do well :)
5.0 : Amazing professor.  Warm and kind.  Really cares about students.  Wants them to succeed as teachers.  Will give good advice about teaching "in the field."  Discussions are awesome since the whole class will think together to solve issues.  She is enthusiastic and an absolute expert in the subject.  I would absolutely recommend this class to anyone.
5.0 : Great class. Would recommend to anyone entering this profession.
5.0 : Good professor.
5.0 : Loved this class and the professor.  Something for every educator here.
5.0 : Inspiring and knows the field.
5.0 : Would recommend this course to anyone who wishes to learn more about early childhood special education.
5.0 : Loved this class.
5.0 : Love her!
5.0 : I am forever in debt to this professor for not only arranging a field experience placement but also helping me to navigate my first semester of teaching while taking her class. She was encouraging, shared funny stories from her experience. She is so down to earth yet knows all the latest research. She treats her students as equals. Great class.
5.0 : Dr. Nadine knows more about the field of early childhood than anyone I have ever met before, with the added dose of being extremely encouraging of colleagues working together. She fosters teamwork in her class. The due dates for the assignments were heavily skewed to the end of the semester which resulted in a lot of work if one procrastinated.
5.0 : Recommend to anyone wanting to learn more about special education.
2.5 : Took as summer class. Nadine is very nice but the syllabus was extremely unorganized. Make sure to ask A LOT of questions to clarify if you dont understand an assignment. Easy A+ if you do all of the work how she wants. Work includes: Warm-ups, Research paper on a disability, Presentation on the disability, Field experience paper,&amp; Take-home final.
5.0 : Dr. Bolkhovitinov posts lectures and supplementary materials on a Blackboard website, organized by class, and each lecture went through background, including causes, prevalence and educational strategies for fourteen categories of exceptionalities as well as discussions about hot issues in the field of special education. Very helpful to me.
5.0 : Extremely helpful about explaining eligibility categories and process of special education, especially about what to do as a teacher in a diverse classroom. Assignments were challenging but very individualized.  She teaches the way students should be taught. Very organized in her method and provided loads of supplementary resources.
5.0 : Great class, very respectful and knowledgeable professor
5.0 : Hard class but the professor is very clear about expectations, presentation and organization.
5.0 : If you work hard, you will get an A; fair.  Professor explains everything clearly.  There are assignments for each class that build to the final assignments. There is time for vigorous discussion, but a lot of content is covered every class. This class was very helpful to me in my teaching general education classes with a few students with IEPs.
5.0 : Dr. Bolkhovitinov was super-organized and helpful. She paired a student who wasn't computer literate but who knew 37 dialects from Africa, with a student who knew computers and wanted to know more about language. Creative teacher.  She made a movie about the class projects that she distributed at the end of class.  Awesome ideas for teaching!
5.0 : Organized and on target material. Interesting discussions.  Clear explanations. Focused feedback. Loads of point opportunities. I would take another class with Dr. Bolkhovitinov in a heartbeat. She is completely enthusiastic about the subject matter and is inspiring as a teacher. Because of this class I am now a teacher.
5.0 : I took this course as an undergraduate in the summer and because the class size was very small we each had a lot of individualized attention to our interest in early childhood education and how to solve the problems we faced.  There was loads of discussion.  Dr. B. was flexible about points if I had to miss class (make up assignments online).
5.0 : Knows her subject; loads of examples in class; gave success strategies; gives many chances for points; great discussions; group projects; field experience in an early childhood classroom with a reflection; classroom reflections and online work; videos for discussion; awesome teacher, very supportive and helpful.
5.0 : Dr. Bolkhovitinov clearly describes special education students as individuals. She bends over backwards to accommodate student needs in the class and even though the class was large, she made sure there was lots of discussion of current issues in the field. I would recommend this course to anyone seeking an introduction to the field.
5.0 : Awesome class!
5.0 : Great class!
5.0 : Dr. Bolkhovitinov differentiated the course to student interest while maintaining momentum and enthusiasm through discussions, reflections and group work. Read the chapters, participate in discussions, and do the assignments and there is no reason,if you work hard, that you can fall short; intellectually stimulating class.
5.0 : I really liked this class. The professor cleared up a lot of questions I had about special education.  She is not afraid to deal with controversial issues and makes the lectures very current, frequently bringing in newspaper articles or other issues of interest. You will have a field experience paper, research paper, presentation &amp; final.
5.0 : Awesome class.  Great discussions.  Issues are current. I would recommend this professor to anyone taking a special education course.
5.0 : This professor is so knowledgeable about the material.  She gives loads of examples from her experience.  She has real classroom experience and she shares it.  She makes the class really interesting with lots of discussions.  The only reason the class is easy is because she goes over all the material first.  I love this professor!
5.0 : I took this course years ago as a one week intensive; eight hours a day; it was amazing and both professors were so great.  There was no textbook work; it was all articles, presentations, discussions and best of all, projects that we then shared and took with us for teaching; all computer applications under the sun.  I  would recommend this class.
5.0 : We worked in groups to present curriculum areas; the readings were so interesting and so were the discussions; this professor is so caring and knows her subject inside and out, having many experiences within different sorts of classrooms; she's a "teacher's teacher."  Take this class, it's inclusive like any classroom should be.
5.0 : Great class.  Great professor.  Loved this class. Professor was crystal clear. Assignments helped me to understand the content.
5.0 : Great class.  You will work hard, but the professor explains everything clearly.  One big paper, one reflection on field experience, an assignment for every class. Riveting discussions.  I didn't miss a class because I learned most of the content from the lectures.  Professor Bolkhovitinov will help you to understand any questions you have.
5.0 : Most of all this professor is extremely kind, to students and to the students she has obviously taught over the years, mostly exceptional students.  She is not only knowledgeable about all different conditions, but considers family dynamics in her educational approach.  Excellent class.
5.0 : I took this class in the summer.  Professor B. kept the discussions lively about topics in special education.  She clearly covered all topics. One big paper, in-class reflections or assignments, field placement in a classroom with help finding a placement, and open book open note final exam.  Very fair grader, gave quick feedback.  Great class.
5.0 : Dr. Bolkhovitinov is extremely knowledgeable and helpful about the early childhood special education field.  She gives many case studies from her vast experience within her lively lectures.  She uses blackboard for short video clips and makes everything available for students.  She was very flexible about student needs. Take the class!
5.0 : Lot of material. Dr. Nadine knows her subject.  Great discussions.  Paper, in-class reflections, discussions.  Final exam is open book, open note.  I learned more in this class than any other class I have ever taken.
5.0 : Great Prof, willing to work with you.
5.0 : Amazing professor.  Helped me in my work with students with exceptionalities.  Took as much time and repetition to make sure each student understood all assignments.  Worked to give books and references on topics of interest to particular students.  I would take this course again, and would refer anyone to take it.  So informative and interesting.
2.0 : be prepared to watch a lot of slide show presentations. A LOT. bring red bull or a lot of caffeine. This 3 hour long class may put you to sleep. She's funny but moody. Get on her good side and your golden.
5.0 : Helpful and knowledgeable.  Video examples of what she presents.  Group discussions and small group work. Lot of facts, and they are incorporated in real life examples from professor's experience.  Different topic every week.  Truly works to answer questions from students.  Would take this course again and recommend to anyone in the profession.
5.0 : Gave great examples of students and what to do.  I used these ideas the next day. Group discussions were on topics that are current.  I learned what to teach my students no matter what the exceptionality; to look at the students as interesting individuals first and then work on inclusion.  I would recommend this course to anyone who is teaching.
5.0 : Helped me for other projects; willing to meet outside of class with small groups to explain concepts; helped many students in the class; knowledgeable about exceptional needs; fluent in sign language; knows about Deaf community; many personal examples; uses videos and discussion; great class.
5.0 : Great class. I worked hard on the assignments, but this professor was there for me.  She read my draft of the paper and then I was able to revise and submit. She presented all the material that was needed for tests, but more importantly, in order to teach well in the classes where I was teaching in high school.  She taught strategies to use for all
5.0 : Video examples.  Used real case scenarios that helped me to incorporate techniques into my own teaching. Great discussions. Challenges every class; lots of fun.  Made me think. Professor willing to help with anything that was unclear. Flexible. Considerate. Kind.  Brought in good examples. Lectures were short and to the point.  Would recommend.
5.0 : Great class.
3.5 : She's an adjunct professor, she's pretty nice but her and the original professor lacked communication which confused some of the students. A midterm and final, two group papers, one group presentation, in class quizzes &amp; blogs. Was willing to revise and provide feedbacks on papers. Exams are tricky, multiple choice and short answer.
4.5 : Professor Isaac is really nice and willing to post slides if everyone attends class. Tests, pop quizzes, and group assignments are not difficult, but reading the book is highly recommended.
5.0 : I learned so much from this class. He will give you a solid foundation for the subject matter. 3 exams and a couple quizzes. Don't buy the textbook he makes extremely helpful outlines. I hope this professor teaches more classes in the future. I would take him again. As long as you put in the effort you should do well.
5.0 : Professor Rezigue is amazing.  She is so inspirational and teaches this class as her passion.  She truly wants everyone to do well and wants everyone to pass.  She is always helpful and is always there during office hours if you need help.  Her passion to want you to do well is shown and she's probably one of the best teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : Miss Rezigue is great, she takes special interest in helping every student and making sure the class understands the material. She is very nice and is such a great teacher.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had and so helpful and sweet. She truly cares about the students and was incredibly helpful! So bummed she isn't teaching 210.
5.0 : It's such a fortune to select him. He really loves economics, and is a good teacher, gives very helpful feedback and is always willing to share his personal hours with you to talk about the courses and anything else. He offer a lot of bonus question and extra credit papers. He don't like to focus on math but on the theory and history.
5.0 : He is very kind and always willing to help students. Tests are based off of the homework and overall not too challenging. Would definitely take him again.
5.0 : I'm so fortunate to have chosen this professor. I have always had a disdain for economics, but he made it enjoyable for me. I've done so well in his class so far, and actually stay attentive during my 3 hour lecture. Definitely need the Hirshleifer textbook more than the other one. His homeworks and exams are easy and it feels good to do well on it
4.5 : Great professor, truly tries to help students. Passionate about economics.
4.0 : Definitely the nicest econ professor I've met at GMU. Cares a lot about students and wants them to succeed. Homework and tests are not too bad. Overall, great professor, interesting class. Would do it all again. Only issue is sometimes he gets side tracked/doesn't clearly explain things. If you ask, he'll go back and clarify.
5.0 : He is the most down to earth, sincere, and considerate professor. Not anything like other obnoxious grad students. He is a walking encyclopedia. Take him. You won't regret it.
5.0 : Really involved in students' learning. I'd take any of his classes.
5.0 : Most accessible professor I've ever had.  If you need help, he's happy to give it and he will help until you understand.  Work for it and you will earn it here.
5.0 : He does love economics. The most enthusiastic professor i have ever seen. The only thing confused me was that the questions he asked in the final exam seem not identical to the study guide he gave us.
4.0 : Prof. Schneider is very knowledgeable and his class is easy.  I just wish his lectures had been more engaging.  He sat behind a desk and talked the whole time (reading from notes) with hardly any class interaction aside from mandatory student presentations.  Over half of the class was usually missing and sometimes only a handful showed up.
3.5 : There are more comments for him under the Arlington Campus. He's not a bad professor. The class is really easy. You have to write two 1500 word paper and present 1.  Then there's a final which is basically another 1500 word essay.
5.0 : He is a very kind professor and brings a lot of personal background to the topic! Very easy and enjoyable class. Two papers on assigned topics and One presentation! You will not regret it! Take him if you ever get the chance he use to work for CNN and has a lot of background on the elections and reporting processes.
4.5 : I definitely recommend this class. The material is very interesting. Professor knows her material, shares clips, videos related to the material learned. There are no tests, but there is a quiz every Friday and a group presentation on the last day of class. Professor is pretty nice and helpful.  Take this class!
5.0 : Great sense of humor and teaches the material very well. Lots of reading, but he keeps it interesting. He also curves at the end of the class. If he is teaching, take him!
4.0 : Professor Armstrong is very passionate about the subject that she teaches and wants her students to succeed. For a lot of us, learning a new language can be difficult, but she'll go above &amp; beyond to help you grasp the content. If you put forth the time and effort, you'll do just fine in her class. She's very fun and outgoing too!
5.0 : Great teacher, just generally a nice person. If you show up to class and do the homework, you will get at least a B. Even if you suck at learning languages.
3.0 : It was 4 exams and the lowest grade is dropped.  There is also one paper which is not too hard. The exams are somewhat hard but the final was really easy. Lectures are boring and attendance is not mandatory.
4.5 : Good teacher! She's funny and quirky. Gives already made study guides for her tests and tests are not difficult at all if you study what's in those study guides. Lectures can drag on a little bit but I'd say she's a good professor to take.
4.0 : Prof. Wiese is friendly and helpful if you have questions. However, her classes are super boring (I had a hard time staying awake in most of them). She reads off the slides but explains them, so go to class. The slides are what's on the tests, and she gives a study guide. Didn't use the "mandatory" text. One in-depth, detailed research paper.
5.0 : Makes very good slides which help in learning the content. She is also detailed in class to help you understand the content. Her exams are slightly difficult but entirely from the slides. She makes sure to emphasize the stuff that is going to be on the exams in class.
5.0 : I am only a month into the semester and am super happy I have her as my professor. She is very smart and easy to look up to. She makes everything we learn not to feel mundane but actually interesting. She is very chill and open to constructive criticism.
5.0 : She's awesome!! Her tests are easy, but not too easy so definitely study a bit and make a good study guide. Online tests outside of class were nice. She's really smart and interesting. One really easy paper to write at the end of the semester.
2.0 : Her slides have a ton of information and her exams are really short, 25 questions or so. Your entire grade is based on 3 exams (she drops one) and a paper. For the paper, there was no rubric, it was very vague, so good luck with that. Lectures are dry as hell. Exams are relatively difficult and don't expect an actual study guide.
4.0 : She's great. She goes through her lectures at a comfortable pace, she's ready for questions, her tests and the final are online and opened note, and she's average when it comes to emailing back. Overall, she's pretty good.
5.0 : Super nice! She's always willing to help &amp; give pointers. 4 tests with lowest one dropped, one semester research paper (6-12 pages), plus gives extra credit and curves. Communicates well, interesting lectures, thorough knowledge of subject great study guides and review sessions. Just come to class, pay attention and you'll get an A. So easy!
4.0 : Professor Wiese was interesting but lectures felt long. The tests were  online which was nice, I still recommend studying and going to the review classes, attendance isn't mandatory her powerpoints were online since the first day of class. And an essay at the of the semester. I recommended good luck!!
4.0 : Dr. Wiese was an awesome professor! She really knows her stuff and genuinely seems to care about her students. The material was pretty challenging at times, but her examples were very helpful and the test review sessions were lifesavers. All tests are online (yay) but they are timed to where you have just less than a minute per problem (yikes).
3.5 : Dr. Wiese is a great professor! She's young, understandable and explains things in detail to the best of her ability. The course is a general overview of cognitive psychology so don't look to get too in-depth. There are 4 tests including the final and a paper. She drops the lowest test grade however. Study, focus, ask questions and you'll do well!
5.0 : It is a Lab so... you have to go. Her quizes are very doable, and she will help you get a better grade.
5.0 : Super helpful , clear, and easy. before I take lab with her I used to hate labs in general because I always thought i didnt know what I was doing until I took lab with her!! Highly recommend.
3.0 : Professor Smith is great and class is always interesting. He's really bad with technology though, so the class has to help him getting videos going. The only thing you're graded on is tests and participation. He tells you what topics are on tests, but sometimes he'll ask you very minor details, like a statistic, so take notes on everything.
4.0 : I really enjoyed Professor Smith's class! I definitely learned a lot and he was also very friendly and helpful! Highly recommend!
5.0 : I am taking his Inequality class for spring 2017 because he is that good. I really enjoy his lectures. He is well respected and he keeps his classroom entertained. He only has 4 exams, thy are about 20 points each. He gives out extra credit too. I would take him if I could for all my sociology classes! :)  p.s. take him, you won't regret it!
4.0 : Great class, I learned a great deal. The exams are easy; however, the last one is a tough. REMEMEBER DETAILS. A little bitter I didn't get an A. I got A's on three exam and a B on the last one. Participation points lowered my grade. I emailed Professor Smith, but he never got back to me. With that being said, he's a great teacher. I recommend him.
5.0 : Great teacher who I would 100%  take again. He does class the right way-- gives you substantial lectures with good notes and gives you easy tests on that information. You dont really need to buy the textbooks. Take him!!!
5.0 : Prof. Smith is amazing! He is easy to understand and he really wants his students to pay attention and get a lot of information, not only for the tests but in general. He has the utmost respect for his students and we had a lot of active discussions. TAKE HIM, HE IS GREAT!  There are 4 exams 3 of them are worth 20pts and the last one is 30.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've ever had. He's very intelligent and knows a lot about the subject. Has done so much research that his experience makes it more interesting. 2 tests and a final. They aren't hard, but they are fill-in-the blank and short answer a lot. No long assignments. Loved the class!!
3.0 : Mixed feelings here. He's not a difficult professor, but his testing is silly. Basically he'll ask for minute details on tests to assess your attendance, rather than deep understanding of the material. He was very kind to me, but can come off a bit dry and rude in class. You can certainly learn from him and get an A, but not the best proffessor.
5.0 : Absolutely loved this class. Amazing professor, very knowledgeable. There were a few short quizzes, but if you take notes you'll be fine. He gives you study guides. No major assignments. Lots of intellectual and engaging discussion. A few interesting documentaries. The topics discussed were all very relevant. You'll look forward to coming to class.
4.0 : He's the sweetest old man who is genuinely passionate about what he's teaching!
3.5 : I loved his class one of the most interesting classes I've taken at GMU. As long you are in class and take notes the tests are all pretty easy, I learned so much in his class would definitely recommend!
1.0 : Horrible teacher, absolutely rude. Avoid at all costs.
5.0 : Excellent class, really makes you think. He is very knowledgeable and experienced in his field. The class frequently allows for open discussion and dissenting opinions. The quizzes are based on the readings and ask very specific questions about the articles. Lots of movies and videos in class, but pay attention they'll be on the quiz too.
4.0 : Professor Purdy is an amazing instructor. He is extremely passionate about the topic of Homeland Security, and has incredible real world stories that make the class very interesting. He is by far one of my favorite professors at GMU. Great guest speakers. He loves the Red Sox by the way, so Yankee fans beware. ;)
5.0 : Purdy is the truth! Super laid back and has amazing guest lectures. Knows what he's talking about. Super knowledgeable with tremendous experience under him. We had one midterm and one final and a paper to write. NO TEXTBOOK. He's pretty straightforward about his grading and cares a lot about his students. Very Approachable !
5.0 : He is a great professor and very knowledgeable about his field. No text book. You're graded on two papers and two exams. He's a fairly easy grader.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable on the material and all around great professor.
4.5 : You could skip every class and get an A but you would have missed out. I hated hearing other students article summary which took up half the class time When he actually lectured it was amazing, he tells the best stories. You can learn alot he is just in general a great person and very approachable you will learn more if you talk to him. Easy exams
4.0 : He is by the best professor I have had at GMU. His lectures are inspiring and amazing. he knows everything. He is very humble and a very kind personality.
4.0 : Great professor. Easy class if you pay attention. Weekly current events due. 2 exams and 2 papers. Would take him again.
5.0 : Best CJ professor at NOVA. He is straight forward with assignments and exams. No textbook.. Just show up and listen. His lectures are always interesting.
5.0 : Really down to earth, very smart. He has so much experience in the field. Great for networking. Plus he keeps the class engaged, he is super funny and very blunt. You won't regret taking his class. Do the work and you have an A.
3.5 : He is great, very funny, story teller but very interesting stuff. His lectures are based on some PPT's and mostly on stories or stuff talked about in class so take notes of that stuff. Two papers,I think there are two quizzes not bad if you study the book and notes, mid term 50quest. mult. choice and a final. Great guests speakers. Knows his stuff.
5.0 : I love Professor Purdy! He has a vast amount of experience in the field &amp; he is so credible. He engages with students by telling stories &amp; discussing real events, studying them to teach. Such an interesting class &amp; I swear he is knowledgable of EVERY event that's ever happened. Cares about his students and is very approachable! Highly recommended!!
5.0 : He's the only professor I've taken that I want to stay connected to after graduation. Incredibly knowledgeable on the subject, and his lectures are very insightful and entertaining. 2 tests, 2 papers, but an easy A as long as you show up and pay attention.
4.5 : As far as a course structure and assignments go there is little to none. His lectures, however, are some of the best and he shares many stories about his career that are captivating. His guest lecturers are unbelievable. The course is easy, there are a couple of writing assignments and a few quizzes that are typically 20 questions. Fairly easy A.
5.0 : Amazing professor, by far one of the best ones i've had at Mason.  Lectures are very interesting as he is very knowledgable in law enforcement and terrorism, also told stories about his personal experiences which was cool. If you're interested in law enforcement or anything homeland security related, I would definitely recommend taking his class!
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. She is very enthusiastic and loves what she is teaching. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Literally the best professor I have had in criminology yet. She has an amazing energy that really moves the class to do great and her way of testing is far different than any other professor at the school but will be the easiest thing you have done to earn an A. I recommend her to anyone looking to take an intro to CRIM class.
4.5 : TAKE THIS CLASS, she was an amazing professor, incredibly brilliant.  Easy class as long as you go and pay attention.  A little crazy but has really good stories and knows her stuff.  Very interesting class I took her with serial murder, was seriously one of the best classes i've taken at mason
5.0 : Lu is the best. I took this class in my first semester at GMU and it really set the bar. She is there to help and I really enjoyed the class. If I ever see that Lu is teaching a class, I will take it.
3.5 : She is absolutely my favorite professor I have ever had. She lectures on very interesting topics and opens you up to so much about the crime policy aspect of criminology. She is so smart and makes her lectures interesting.
4.5 : When it comes to explaining the materials, she is awesome! Exams, because she was not the coordinator of the course, some points on the problems were not introduced by her and that created frustrations and not getting the grads you should because you did not know the full problem.  I still recommend her. materials little easier than 331
5.0 : Cosgrove is one of the best accounting professors at GMU. She made acct 332 painless, she is very detailed and her teaching style is AWESOME! Acct 332 is super hard but def take her if you want to learn and pass. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Probably the best accounting professor at Mason. She explains everything in detail. Makes everything much easier to understand in class. You do have to put in your own work at home to pass because the test are short but hard. Do not underestimate the test; study! It is the same test for all accounting 331 students regardless of the professor.
3.5 : She is the best best best accounting professor at mason. I want to use all the adjectives I can to describe her awesomeness, I've never had a favor of any teacher before, would love to take her again. She explains tough concepts very well, she was always available to help out after class and in office hours. She wants all her students to do well.
5.0 : Good professor, explains accounting concepts well, funny, keeps the classes attention well and has a lot of experience in accounting so she is able to provide plenty of real life examples and situations. Would recommend. Summer class was very rough, we literally rushed through everything. Reconsider 331 if you're thinking about taking it for summer
3.0 : A good professor but not the best from a students perspective. She is a harsh grader however without doubt her lectures are the best.  If you want to learn take her. Her test are hard but she is always willing to free herself to help out students outside of class.
3.5 : So far she is a decent instructor. Provides hand written detail for each problem.
5.0 : Seriously one of the best accounting professors I've ever had.  I will search her out as a teacher for every class I need to take.
5.0 : The realest professor I've had. She's young so she understands what our workload is like. Frequently extends the due date on homework assignments and the case assignment (which isn't even that hard). You aren't required to open the textbook at all and provides lecture notes that can fill in during class on blackboard.
5.0 : Professor Cosgrove is AH-MAZING! She is one of the best accounting professors I have ever had! She explains all concepts clearly and takes the time to really make sure that you grasp the material. I do not have any negative things to say about her. I would definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Khanoom Moinfar is truly the perfect professor. She is so unbelievably understanding of her students and passionate about the teachings of Persian language and culture. Mrs. Moinfar creates her own handouts so the textbook is not necessary. There is typically a quiz every Friday; in 210 many were take home quizzes. Both levels are well worth it!
4.5 : Awesome guy and teacher. Super hot! Gives great feedback and is willing to help with any stage in the writing process!
5.0 : PJ made English 101 my favorite class last semester! He is super chill, approachable, and not to mention easy to pay attention to because he's so attractive! He goes above and beyond to help his students because he truly cares and is extremely enthusiastic about what he is teaching. He's an amazing professor and person!
5.0 : 10/10 semester... get assignments done, participate in class... Earn an A. Doesn't "look" to be a difficult grader and guides his students to be successful in every way possible. Put in effort and participate regularly and you will get an A.
5.0 : PJ was by far one of the best professors I had. He made the class very interactive and memorable. He makes himself available to help whenever you need him and his papers were a lot of fun to write. Do all you work and try to actively participate in class.
5.0 : One of, if not the best professor I've had. Very understanding and always there to help you improve. Attempts to make class and assignments fun so it is more enjoyable and easier to complete for students. If you get lucky and his class is open take it!
5.0 : Professor PJ is great! It was his first semester teaching creative writing and he totally nailed it. I did not think I was much of a creative writer when I signed up for his class but the weekly readings and assignments helped me grow as a writer. You work for your grade but you will have fun doing it. His class was the highlight of my semester!
5.0 : PJ is really nice and understanding. He only assigns three essays and we do journals. all assignments are easy! If you get the chance to take him do! I know he is teaching ENGH 201 next semester 10 out of 10 recommend!
5.0 : PJ was the chillest man ever!!! 5 papers but it prepares you for the final research paper. Attendance if you come in late he won't even trip about it. Sometimes pop quizzes but rarely and gives good feedback. I would take him again!
5.0 : okay first of all- total babe. but the adorable kind that you slowly begin to discover how great he is as you get to know him. favorite professor at Mason. He's super chill, and gives amazing feedback on papers and assignments. Love him.
4.5 : Chill dude, maybe not everyone's style of teaching, but nevertheless humorous. Interesting lectures, fun journal prompts, explorative essay topics. Not only that, he actually reads your paperswriting and gives constructive feedback. Very thorough when it comes to teaching, highly recommend.
4.0 : Very nice and connects with students
5.0 : Prof. Magellan (or PJ, as he goes by) is awesome. Classes are thought-provoking and usually involve an interesting discussion. We do use one book, but it's an easy and very useful read. A few written assignments throughout the semester, a few quizzes. English isn't my major, but this was my favorite class last semester!
5.0 : Amazing and intelligent Professor. As long as you attend class, it's a simple course. He's very understanding and connects with his students. Majority of your papers will be based off your interests and you will always be able to write about anything you want. Not to mention, his good looks will overall make you want to attend class!
5.0 : PJ is an excellent english professor! He encourages his students and really connects with them. If you go to his classes and participate, it will be an easy class for you. I really recommend taking his class! He is awesome!!!
5.0 : Great professor and funny too. There are 4 books to read during the semester, and an essay after each. U can revise the essays, and the class is super interesting. Participation matters, and the grading is pretty easy. I got an A with not much effort.
5.0 : PJ's class is by far the most enjoyable class I have ever taken. Not once did I want to skip his class. Was never a drag &amp; the assignments were assigned with crystal-clear expectations. Never a dull moment in his class,  yet I still feel like I left learning something new. I can not say enough positive things about him! Plus, he's great to look at.
5.0 : Awesome class and I'm seriously going to miss it. My writing improved 100% and he always made such thoughtful comments on journals and in papers. Classes were small, so everyone developed a connection and worked well one-on-one with students. Great class, great guy, going to miss this!
5.0 : such a good teacher and so relatable to students!!!! i want to take his 201 class next year for sure
5.0 : Like everyone has said before, he's an awesome professor. Super easy to talk to and truly gives good feedback. PJ is one of the few teachers I've met in my life that care about content more than grammar. I hope to take him for 201 and 302.
5.0 : amazing teacher and amazing looks. his class will probably fill up because he's so great but if you get the chance, jump on it.
5.0 : PJ is such a great guy. He is cool and chill but at the same time very knowledgeable in his field. He is an easy-going professor who was a recent GMU alumni so he understands that college students are busy! His classes are very simple and his lectures are not bad because he is humorous and a very out-going dude.
5.0 : He is in grad school so he totally understands the student point of view &amp; he understands that this is not the only class that we are taking. He really cares &amp; is incredibly understanding. He is great w/feedback &amp; he makes lecture FUN. Would totally take him again &amp; again - &amp; not just for his dashing good looks. But for real, holy hotness...
5.0 : Love him. He is probably my favorite professor. Completely laid back and actually makes you interested in his class and the books assigned, only 4. Not many essays. Attendance is counted. Overall, if you have the chance, take him. I would not recommend anyone more than him.
5.0 : PJ is the man. Do not even think twice about taking his class if there is an opening. He is very kind and cares about each of his students. You will have to put a good amount of work in for this class, but you will also have a lot of fun. He grades very fairly, and your writing skills will definitely improve from his class. Incredible guy. Take him
4.0 : PJ is awesome. Even though UW as a whole isn't fun, he is a great teacher. He really cares about the material and students. He is a pretty easy grader. There are weekly writings for the first few weeks, but that stops. There are two main essays that are worth a lot. Over all, I highly recommend.
5.0 : Her explanations are very clear, she knows everything in Calculus. Bestest professor
5.0 : She is the best professor I have ever had.  I really respect her.  I learned so much.  I highly recommend and I hope she chooses to become a professor in her future.
5.0 : She is a best calculus professor I have had. She would do whatever it takes to boast up your grade. Her test and quizes are extremely easy. If you attend class and do some practice. You can get an A for her class. Don't forget she curves big time and drop your lowest test grade and the lowest quiz.
5.0 : She's a good teacher.  I didn't like that the grades relied so much on exams.  Despite practicing a lot, I still got a C, but math is generally hard for me.  She's very fair though and easy to understand.
5.0 : I took this as a summer class and was very scared that I would not do so well. Within 4 weeks, Samah Mahmoud made me fall in love with Calculus. Of course, Calc I during the summer required A LOT of practice but I made it through. It is definitely possible to pass with an A in her class.  If you really want to understand calculus, take her :-)
5.0 : Samah is an amazing math professor. She will take the time to make sure you understand the problems. You must practice to get an A, but she will do everything she can on her end to get you there by making sure you understand. No extra credit or curves, but gives a lot of partial credit if you show enough work.
5.0 : She was one of the best professors I had while in college. She was helpful and explained everything very clearly. She assigned some HW, which was not mandatory but I got an A+ with minimal effort in the Calculus.
5.0 : Samah knows everything, and is super clear in explaining it. I love Calc II because of her.
4.5 : Great professor in and out of the classroom. Extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Would take again. Wish he would teach African focused course since he is an expert in the field.
3.5 : Professor Hultin is a good teacher and tries to keep the class awake and laughing. A lot of his class was based on teaching theories and did not get really into specific issues and rarely ever talked about current events. Two tests, map quizzes and two papers but thats standard for GLOA 101 classes. His class it not hard and I would recommend it.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. For a morning class, he keeps you awake. He is very funny. You have map quizzes, two tests (midterm/final), and 2 papers. He also give you a lot of extra credit opportunities. There are graded in-class assignments. You should do the readings, but attending class and looking at the ppt helps.
4.0 : Professor Hultin is awesome. He has a great sense of humour and a great Swedish accent, and he's very cute. He makes class time go by quickly, and is very clear in his presentations. He requires a bit of reading but not too much, and the quizzes thus far have been very easy. Hultin is not your average professor and his class is very fun.
1.0 : Have to read 200 plus pages a week, quiz every class, doesn't teach anything. You learn from the readings. She uses material from other Econ classes. Try's to hard to hard.
5.0 : Teaches Economics as it should be: a way of thinking about problems rather than a set of facts.  Highly reccomended.
5.0 : Very helpful, willing to answer questions, makes sure the class understands before moving on by using examples with GOLDEN RETRIEVERS! Lol, Sometimes I'm tired in the morning but I have no problem staying alert, focus and understanding the material in her class. So I gave a 5 for clarity, the fact I think she's attractive probably helps.
4.5 : Good teacher, take her class. She's one of the best. Look really young though. Gives a lot of quizzes but she's so helpful. If you can't pass her class then give up on life
5.0 : Sat all the way in the back and didn't participate in class, but  I understand everything she says. She is clear and precise. You won't find a better teacher anywhere. A kind and caring person naturally, and it makes her a great teacher . She's also funny, straightforward and adorable. Hopefully she doesn't knock my grade for participation. .
3.0 : She is one of the easiest graders around. But if you actually want to learn anything don't take her. Takes her lectures from professors she has had in the past, but doesn't go into detail about any of the theories or examples. No new information from 103
5.0 : Remember this is only Econ 306, she's not suppose to go deep into the material. However, if anyone asked, I am sure she would've helped, but most of us are not Econ mayors. Many of us said we're only taking the class for credit and this would be our final Econ class.  What she taught us fits the class, critical thinking, principles real concepts.
5.0 : Professor Suarez really wants you to learn. Great Class.
4.5 : Professor Suarez at first was very intimidating, but is one of the most helpful teachers in the Economics department. She answers emails  quickly and is always willing to reexplain material.  Expect to go to every class because there is a quiz and that is a large portion of final grades. Her tests are really hard, but she gives a great curve!
4.5 : Took her for KINE 100 and 200.  I can't complain, she's been very helpful and upfront about her grading, lectures, and assignments.  She's very informal and creates a laid back &amp; welcoming atmosphere.  Pay attention, keep up with and participate in the class, and you'll get a good grade.
3.0 : Very nice professor. Seems to need a little more experience teaching at the college level, but overall good.
4.5 : Super sweet and loves making sure her students pass.  Needs a little more time teaching, but I would recommend taking her class. Need the textbook
4.5 : Nice professor. Good about giving feedback on the final paper. Would take again.
4.0 : Good teacher in what is a tough subject for someone who is an Econ major but who doesn't really care much for it at an academic level, or who does not plan on going into grad school for Econ. The first half of the class is an easy review on earlier statistics classes, the second class is just regressions, which is what caused me some issues.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class, which is truly saying something when its this type of dry material.  If it weren't a prerequisite I would say take this class before stat 350 since he explains the material much more clearly and logically than Mason Stat professors. I strongly recommend taking this teacher if you have the chance.
5.0 : Explained econometrics concepts very well. Provided excellent review of prior statistics courses in an understandable way. Gave excellent feedback on class presentation and term paper progress. Was very respectful of students and encouraged class room participation. Was his first course, sometimes had to repeat an example, made no excuses.
4.5 : His lectures build upon one another really well, he takes his time to explain then material at a level any student can understand.   His study guides also helped me learn the material and were very helpful. I highly recommend this professor for the complex subject of what few admire,  and others dread --known to be called "econometrics."
5.0 : Great Professor , he wants his students to succeed . His quizzes were very specific and mostly multiple choices. If you put forth the effort to study, do the readings, and pay attention in class, theres no reason you should not be able to get at least a C grade.
4.0 : Very good professor. Quizzes are given every week on the topic we study so that  is helpful for tests. He drops the lowest two quizzes. On tests he sometimes adds a curve. He posts lecture notes and quizzes on blackboard as study reference.
4.0 : He's a good professor, but it was his 1st year teaching so there were times he fumbled some things or got the learning materials mixed up. HW was fairly easy and his tests were alright. ECON 345 isn't the hardest class but it's not the most interesting as well. Prof Mayo does a good job teaching. I would recommend taking 345 with Prof. Mayo.
5.0 : I showed up to every single class and did not use/buy the textbook. His prose is understandable as a math major or an economics major, as he strives to emphasize clarity. With very little background in calculus, he still finds a way to make the material intuitive. Also goes out of his way to provide career insights. Good professor, great person.
4.0 : Strongly recommended
5.0 : Strongly recommended, such a good professor.
5.0 : Highly recommend Professor Mayo!!! Econometrics is not an easy concept to grasp right away, but his teaching and explanation made the subject more simple and easy to understand. A down to earth professor that understands and appreciates his students' effort.
5.0 : I believe he is the best teacher in GMU. He makes econometrics course so easy to understand. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Econometrics is not an easy course,  but professor mayo knows how to teach, just go to his class and listen ,you will be successful in this course.
4.5 : Recommended
5.0 : He is  one of the best  professors on fairfax  campus. Highly recommended
4.5 : Professor cares about her students. She teaches in a style that is very clear. She goes above and beyond in describing what is expected of you. The assignments are creative and engaging. She caters the coursework to prepare you for writing in your field. Class participation is a big thing. Group work is prevalent. Many tools given. Fun teacher!
4.0 : Really good professor! You'll have to purchase the textbook because she'll assign readings, which you have to read because she'll quiz you on the readings. No exams, just papers. The papers were easy to understand, interesting, and relates to your major. I would take her again!
4.5 : Professor Liberatore is the best English teacher I've ever had.  Prepared manner of teaching (she sets up a class Wiki), and always there to help you with any assignments. Prepare for homework and at times pop quizzes. You don't need anything but genuine effort to succeed in her course. Must-have teacher, extremely recommended for ENGH101.
4.5 : She is a significantly young professor but in all a very good professor for English. She tries to make the class and interesting as possible and strives to teach each student how to become a better writer. Honestly, I would highly recommend this professor, granted that going to class is mandatory (she allowed our class 2 absences without a penalty)
4.0 : Professor Liberatore is a wonderful professor! She is extremely knowledgeable and expects the best out of her students. As long as you keep up with the readings and assignments you will do just fine. She is overly open to answer any questions! Wish more professors were like her. That being said get ready to write papers and apply yourself.
4.5 : You have to read the textbook to do the pop quizzes. They are usually randomly given and you won't know when you'll have one. Assignments are clearly talked about and the professor is really good at responding to emails if you are having trouble. There is one group assignment but it isn't really hard.
5.0 : Very helpful and encouraging. This is a creative writing class, so she encouraged creativity, but expected real effort. Would definitely recommend her. Do the work, and you'll get the A.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! You can tell she loves teaching and wants her students to do well in the class. We had 4 major assignments which included a research paper and an online group project. There was a lot of reading for homework and pop quizzes on the readings.  Overall great class, it was actually pretty fun and engaging for an English class!
4.0 : Liberatore wants her students to succeed and she focuses on every individual student. Her lectures and class are a bit remedial, but she has a reason for all she does. If you must take ENGH 302B, you should take her. Solid choice! Good luck!
4.0 : One group project, three or four other assignments. she makes it clear what needs to be done by next class by posting it on the WIKI. Reading is assigned every class and she gives random quizzes which are pretty easy. She allows two re-writes for the assignments but she choses the assignments. Just do the work and you will pass. She's very helpful.
4.0 : Very good teacher, really inspiring
5.0 : Stephanie Liberatore is just AMAZING.  She is very pretty, has wonderful fashion style, and is a very laid-back person.  She i extremely nice and helpful and is very knowledgeable about what she is talking about.  She is clear with her grading policy and assignments. She gives a few projects that are easy and fun to do. TAKE HER! TAKE HER!TAKE HER!
5.0 : I absolutely hate english, but Professor L has made this a fun-ish class. Her assignments are not that hard, just put in a little effort. She assigns reading from the textbook and online pdfs and may occasionally give quizzes on those She has made such a huge impact on me! No tests, 4 major papers and other bluff grades-attendance and participation
4.0 : This class was okay, but annoying. she made us work in groups almost every class. she has random quizzes and participation points which makes you feel like your in 5th grade. she's nice and enthuastic, clear, helpful, and assigns homework fairly. the work is tedious, but not hard. don't take if u don't plan on coming to almost every class.
3.0 : great professor but hard grader when it comes to papers. I enjoyed english but she made it a lot harder. pop quizzes so do the reading. shes alright but i wouldnt choose her unless you have too.
4.0 : Professor Liberatore is really nice and caring! She loves having discussions about pretty much everything, so be prepared to talk because it counts towards your grade. There's a lot of readings and quizzes, too. When it comes to the essays, just read her rubric (it's very clear) and follow it to get an A. Overall, she's great! Take her if you can!
5.0 : This class made me like writing. I wish I was allowed to take it freshman year. It would have helped a lot. She was an amazing professor. After this class, I write papers like a pro and actually receive A's on them.
1.5 : dont take class.  an A is almost imp. (she quotes). pop quizzes. tons of reading. paper after paper with no prep time.  very strict. u will spend so much time trying to pass her class-it takes away from core subjects.  forget office hours,line is usually 10 deep and if u are at the end she will give u 2 minutes no joke.  pick someone better
4.5 : For ENGH 302 make sure you sign up for the section for your major, it made the projects more engaging and tailored towards the major. There are a lot of reading assignments, and attendance is huge. Although I wouldn't say it's an easy A, if you show up and put forth a medium level effort you'll do well, and learn about your major in the process.
4.5 : Grainger is a very relatable art professor who allows for a lot of creativity in his projects as long as you adhere to the requirements set for each. There was no textbook and you got credit for attendance and participation.  I had a good experience and would definitely recommend Grainger to any student taking art classes at GMU.
4.0 : I had a good experience with this professor.  No matter what your artistic skill level, as long as it looks like you put effort and time into your projects (yes, he can tell when you do it 20 minutes before class) you will be graded fairly for your effort and you will get good feedback, as well as see improvement.
5.0 : Prof Udell seems to genuinely care for the students and gives great advice. She is easy to talk to and helped me find direction for my career path. Her tests are hard but if you study off the study guide you will do well. She teaches through numerous case studies which keeps the lectures interesting. She really knows her stuff..
5.0 : Gwen is so sweet and extremely smart in her subject! She is caring of her students and her lectures are educational. I download each PowerPoint she uploads to Blackboard for future reference! I don't even know what else to say besides take her classes! She somehow makes criminal psychology more interesting than it already is.
5.0 : Hard to find Professor's like her these days. She was fun to listen to and taught through lots of case studies. I am changing my career path because of her class. She is passionate and it shows, highly recommend. Bummer she only teaches a few classes. Please we need her full time!
5.0 : Lectures were fun, she uses case studies and varies her lectures. She has a lot of experience and knows her stuff. She is easy to talk to and even met with me after classes to give me advice and she continues to help me out even after class was over! Highly recommend
5.0 : Prof Udell uses cases from her law enforcement career to teach, keeps class fun to listen to. You do 4 assignments--no papers, no group project, mid-term and final are  hard so be prepared to listen up. She does give study guides and works with the class.
4.5 : Professor Udell is an amazing instructor, she gives a long lecture but she fills it with real world information but it isn't like some professors where they tell stories of their glory days and say "look at what I did" the whole time and you never learn anything, then come test time your not prepared.
5.0 : Prof Udell uses case studies to understand criminal behavior and criminal profiling which keeps classes interesting. Lecture style, you take 4 quizzes, mid-term, final and a profile paper. She works with you and keeps your attention during lectures
5.0 : I've taken two class now with Prof Ude and I'm sad that I probably  be able to take anymore classes with her considering I'm graduating in May. She's AWESOME! Super nice and understanding. She's laid back but you can tell she's passionate about the stuff she teaches. Tests can be tricky but it's not impossible to get an A. Highly recommend!
5.0 : HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  shes a great teacher and really knows her stuff.
5.0 : Professor Udell is very knowledgeable on the material. She makes sure that her students succeed and excel.  The structure of the class is 4  10 question quizzes on terms,  25 question multiple choice mid term, and optional take home essay final or 25 question multiple choice final, also there is a 4 to 6 pg paper, but she grades it easily.
4.5 : Prof. Udell was awesome! She's very nice and down to earth, she does the usual powerpoint lectures as other professors but she makes it interesting because she shows videos as well. She always responded to my emails quickly. Even though the class was easy, I still learned a lot, which in my book is the sign of a good professor.
5.0 : She is the easiest professor I have ever taken at GMU. Her quiz study guides has the answers in BOLD!  All you have to do is memorize the answers and you're golden. Test are easy as well. I would definitely take her again. She is also bubbly and understanding of circumstances. Never keeps you there the entire time. If you fail, you're an idiot.
5.0 : One of the best Professors I have ever had. Learned a lot and she took the time to help me through my career/academic path. Need more Professors like her! Wish she taught more classes at GMU.  Highly Recommend
5.0 : Professor Udell is the easiest professor I have had at Mason. All you have to do is put in a little bit of effort and you will get a good grade. Her exams are very simple and open note.
4.0 : She was really cool and nice. I asked to get into her class and it was a good decision. She is very helpful in office hours and she really tries to explain things if you ask. Study the quizzes before you take the tests, almost the same concepts! I could have def. gotten an A or B if it hadn't been my 1st semester and for chemistry (worst class!)
4.5 : Group Quizes are the best things i could asked for
4.5 : She's very clear. I just took this class as a prerequisite for something, and it was easy. There is a bunch of online homework, but it isn't very hard. I never use the book, so I would suggest just gething mymathlab.
4.5 : Lectures were long and boring, but they were helpful. She gives a lot of examples for you to follow. She really likes it if you come by in her office hours. She sometimes makes mistakes and it can slide by if you don't mention it, so if you think somethings wrong, confront her. She'll either correct herself or explain the problem again. Overall, A.
4.5 : She is the best english professor I have ever had. She makes lectures interesting with Harry Potter, Flappy Bird, etc. Several papers and lots of in class assignments. The papers are actually fun to write with a lot of freedom. She allows re-writes for every assignment. Take her class.
5.0 : Professor Canupp is the most AMAZING professor! Sign up for this class with her! She is an AWESOME professor! Trust me on this one! She makes hilarious references in her lectures. She explains the material well, and will help you whenever you need it. Sign up for Engh 101 with her! You will not regret it :D
5.0 : Professor Canupp is the best! She's very friendly and easy to talk to. She works one on one with students to help them better develop their writing. She assigns homework and papers to write, but it is not hard if you stay organized. It's easy to obtain an A in the class as long as you do what you're supposed to do. I definitely recommend her!
2.5 : She gets good reviews from feshman because it is taught like a high school English class. There are lots of tiny assignments.  Miss class &amp; you lose 3 points on participation and recieve a 0 on the assignment. Papers aren't hard.  This class requires a lot of attention, not work. Its annoying. Always check BB &amp; her website the night before class.
5.0 : Fun professor that tries out new ways to be engaging, doesn't give out free A's but if she sees you are trying then its great. Sets apart time for lots of 1 on 1 for your essays and projects.
3.5 : Took Engh 302 with her and loved it (and I hate writing, so that's saying something).  Works with students one-on-one to improve papers, and is willing to give extra help when asked.  Did take attendance every day, so class was mandatory, but was not a bad class to go to. Fair amount of reading, but easy stuff.  Would definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Professor Nizar is amazing. He has a strong character but only pushes students to participate because he knows first hand that the best way to learn a language is through actual interaction. He is hilarious and the "culture moments" give an awesome insight into arabic culture. There was not one person in my class who did not love him!
5.0 : Nizar is the best! wont take Arabic with anyone else but him. Really helpful gives extra credit and makes it fun! love his cultural moments. Good guy.
5.0 : Dr. Alseoudi is really nice, he cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Ask for help and he will work with you. He is very passionate about Arabic and teaching. His class is never boring. Take him!
5.0 : So nice and knowledgeable! He will work with you and encourage you along the way. I'm actually learning Arabic with him! Show up to class and you will definitely see improvement in your language skills. Taking him again next semester!
5.0 : Dr. Nizar is a great professor. He is hilarious. He is very organized. He gives you feedback and convince you to work hard. You learned a lot from his class. His class is based on fun learning strategies such as games, acting, and events. He give you alot of extra credits. He understand his students very well and he helps them as much as he can.
5.0 : I learned a lot from Dr. Nizar even though I'm native speaker. he is amazing, helpful and very intellectual. He works hard with students to improve their Arabic skills. His class never boring. He uses fun games to learn the language. Add to that his knowledge. Dr. Nizar is the first professor at mason knows how to teach the language INDEED TAKE HIM
5.0 : Great teacher, very helpful in actually learning the Arabic Language. Really puts in the extra effort to make sure his students understand.
4.5 : Class title: "Religion and Revolution in Latin America." Don't know if they'll offer this one again but if they do, take it! Fascinating subject covering Liberation Theology and history in the period 1968-1985; will be new material for most. Prof. Sparks is always engaging and challenging; highly recommend for motivated and interested students.
4.0 : This course is definitely a challenge, but it's extremely interesting material and Professor Sparks' passion about the subject definitely helps spark my interest. There are no tests in this course, but there are three short research papers to write and four books to read.
1.0 : This professor is awful. He's rude and demeaning to students. He expects them to know everything that he does in the subject. He rarely offers help to students and if he does, it is strictly on his time and is not willing to work with students' schedules. He acts as he is the end all be all to professors and of this course. AWFUl.
1.0 : Gary is a very difficult professor. He does not give feedback, takes forever to return papers. His lectures are long, boring and completely irrelevant to the topics discussed. He is an assistant professor. Not a true prof. Doesn't care for his students- grades or otherwise. Doesn't relate to issues w grading. He is very self absorbed and entitled.
3.5 : I think this was once his Hist376 class that is now offered occassionaly on liberation theology in Latin America. A great class. The readings can be long and dense but he'll make them accessible and even fun. He's very accessible and always willing to talk about the course even after class. Grades hard but has extra credit and some easy assignments
4.0 : Dr. Sparks class on the Popol Vuh and Maya religion and history was deep. I didn't know what the class was really about but the lectures helped open the stories. The research papers are tough but its really just the same assignment once you get the hang of it. No tolerance for phones or lazy students but works hard for those willing to really try.
4.0 : Not many classes here on Native American religion or literature but regardless this is a great class. The the readings and assignments can be long and confusing at first. But Prof. Sparks doesn't give tests. Instead the class helped me greatly improve my research and writing. And he's very accessible.
4.0 : Definitely not a blow-off class. But if you want to really learn anything about the Maya religion or mythology like the Popol Wuj this class will change your life. Have had him for a couple classes and they're all great. The instructor is very challenging and tough because he's very serious about helping students learn in and out of class.
4.5 : If you just read the books, show up for class lectures and take notes, and do all of the assignments as instructed this class is actually an easy B. It's an A if you're willing to work a bit more. The teacher is very into the material and funny, which helps because his writing is terrible.
4.0 : This class was difficult, but Professor Sparks taught everything very clearly and told us exactly what he expected. The content is very abstract and sometimes hard to grasp, but he does an excellent job explaining it. You just have to really, really listen and take good notes.
3.0 : This class was the first and only B I've gotten in four semesters of college.  His papers are really tough and so is his grading. If you don't go to class you will definitely fail. All that being said, the class was fairly interesting and he was very knowledgeable about the content, as well as being willing to help if you asked for it.
4.5 : Be warned Prof. Sparks's section of this course is an introduction to theories about religion and not world's religions. Not easy but a great class when its offered. I'll never think about religion in the same way. There is only a final exam and a series of project like assignments  with some group work and quizzes that really help your grade.
4.0 : This professor doesn't curve grades and doesn't believe in grade inflation. Gives a C for average work and is clear on how to improve. For a lit course I was expecting to read a lot but not write so much or do as much research as in this class. But you're writing will really improve if you're willing and he's happy to help you more if you ask.
1.0 : One of the worst I had at mason. Dont take his class. He is disrespectful and full of ego. He fails you over your attitude and likes to pick on students in class. Ie Student obviously is lost and doesn't know answer he calls them out repeatedly and makes a fool of them then makes an example of it to everyone else. It's not a good class environment
1.5 : Very difficult professor and class. His expectations aren't really clear and you should have very strong writing before taking his class as he is a tough grader. Wanted to like the class but he pushes a lot of material fast and it's very confusing. Will go off topic in lectures and I found myself lost often. He should use ppt's or something to help
5.0 : Gives a really thick syllabus but with really clear expectations if you read it and the course texts carefuly. Will read a ton and take tons of notes in class and will learn a ton about the Maya. Will also write a ton. Should be a writing intensive course. a great college class.
5.0 : I totally agree. This class should be avoided if your lazy and don't want to study. Otherwise you'll learn a lot. Need to come to class with the readings and take good notes during lectures. Dr. Sparks gives a lot of information that really helps you better understand some stragne stories. Would definitely take him again.
4.0 : People are not lying when they say this class is the hardest B they've ever worked for. However, this was perhaps the most fulfilling class. He is very understanding, passionate, knowledgable, and interesting. If you want to do well, he will make sure you have to resources to do so. Even a simple office hours visit. Hard class but amazing teaching.
5.0 : a great class.. will learn a ton of Maya-babel.
5.0 : Never worked harder for a B+ at GMU (or NOVA). The class tho is really worth it even if you dont know naything about myths or the Mayans. Sparks knows his stuff. He can talk fast in lectures but uses ppts that help alot but still had to take tons of notes.
5.0 : Not what I exprected from a calss on religion and literature. But it was amazing. He expects you to be able to actually do research in the library and write well but he'll really help you do it. Need to read everything and read well. And the readings are strange. His lectures really help though, so missing class is deadly.
5.0 : I loved it. It was better than "Cats." I'd take it again and again.
4.0 : Welcome to Xibalba... but Prof. Sparks will get you through if you try.
5.0 : sparks iw said ot be one of the best teachers at gmu and this class was really interesting but too much work for a community college class. had to drop it. i od recommend to othrs but only if they aer ready to read and go to class adn do the work.
5.0 : He really wants his students to succeed. You want an easy class where you can skate through? Take this with another professor. You want to learn something, take it with him.
5.0 : Had Prof. Sparks for a different class but I totally agree with the post directly below. His RELI 100 class was not your typical intro class but that's because he really wants you to learn and not just about religion.
3.5 : Tons of reading, essays can be difficult to answer if you haven't read the pdfs, book readings, or any external sources. There is no extra credit. He grades hards. You NEED to participate in class. If you are interested in the course I would recommend it, but be prepared with the workload.
5.0 : Thought I would hate this class since it is listed as another 100 Gen Ed course like other 100 level classes I've taken. Instead this was like a real college course where I actually learned something. But not for poorly prepared students.
5.0 : I loved it. It was better than Cats. I'd take it again and again.
5.0 : Pretty easy B if you show and do the work. Standard general education intro class with a couple of textbooks, quizzes, and group projects. Nothing special.
5.0 : I transferred to Mason from two previous colleges and this is THE BEST class that I've taken at any them. Not an an easy course but the only one where I've really learned how to read and write. And the books are actually interesting. But if you're not going to attend lectures or do the readings don't even bother signing up for this one.
4.0 : A LOT OF WORK, everything is just so extra. He gives you a lot to read, and has pop quizzes that you can make up if you do bad. His final was not so bad I struggled for an A+
5.0 : She is so sweet &amp; it is obvious she wants the best for her students. Actually going to class however seems pointless. Your only grades are basically just 3 essays. If you've written 1000+ word papers in the past &amp; know how to cite, she doesn't tell you anything new all year really. She comes off as uncomfortable in front of the room, but very nice.
5.0 : AMAAAAAZING PROFESSOR. I'm not sure why she doesn't have 5.0 ratings all around. I hate English and writing but this is the first time I ever enjoyed an English class. She's extremely sweet and the only assignments are three essays. She grades easily too and rarely uses the textbook.  I wish she was teaches other English classes. Take her. Easy A.
5.0 : We called her Jessie and she was the nicest and most helpful teacher I have ever had.  Easy grader.  Really cares about her work and takes her time to prepare readings and class activities.  Super sweet and always e-mails you back in time and will make time to meet with you if needed.  1010
4.0 : She is really sweet and the class is not hard. Your final grade is basically based off the three papers you write whole semester. The average length is 1300 words but you work on the concepts in class. She gives you plenty of time to do it as long as you don't procrasintate. The only thing is she tends to ramble but the lack of work is great!
4.0 : She is such a sweet Professor and always greeted me with a smile when I walked in the room. She sometimes seems nervous talking in front of the class, but does a pretty good job. Grading based on 3 essays, the biggest one being 1500 words, as in-class journal entries. Not a hard class.
3.0 : She is really nice and does try to engage the class. However, the class time was pointless- everything we did was something that I felt I could do from my dorm. The papers aren't bad. No tests or quizzes. The Final is a paper.
5.0 : There were three papers. She says participation matters, meaning just come to class. Prof Szalay is extremely sweet and nice and is there to help you. Do the papers, try your best. Really loved her, but her class can be  boring, skipped it four times and still got an A+  (participation  just go to class, don't even have to speak if you are shy)
4.5 : Vipin, is one of the coolest new professors in mason, a very realistic guy! gives you lots of reading but will help you a lot, weekly tests were a pain but the class was very interesting! Be ready to read! read! read! and discuss. this class made me more interested in econ!
1.5 : Does not teach out of a book.  Doesn't care if you are able to acquire the required reading material from other sources.  His quote "It's not my responsibility to make sure you have access to the material".  Not helpful at all.
4.5 : Vipin is one of the few professors that actually seems to care about discussion and higher learning. Though not much is sugar coated, he has been there to help push everyone to a degree higher than most professors. He actually cares about how he teaches and class is not simply from a slideshow but instead meaningful conversation.  Would take again.
5.0 : My favorite class this semester. Vipin is a really cool guy and the course was well organized. Lots of difficult readings (all easily found online) but class discussions helped clarify everything.  As mentioned, he really cares that you learn the material and will help you out.  Come to class, pay attention, ask questions, and you'll do well.
3.5 : Great but hard class. Lots of reading for each week, as well as weekly tests.
3.0 : Very helpful by making sure you work for your grade.
5.0 : Incredibly interesting, and a lot of fun. Lectures are discussion style and he is not afraid to go on relevant tangents. I learned more from this class than I have from any other class I have thus far in college. Lots of reading, and you need to at least skim them over because he gives a weekly quiz on them each week. Highly recommend taking him.
5.0 : I'm grateful to have been a part of Professors' Vipin's class because he's a young man with vast knowledge.  His class was fairly easy with take home exams and weekly quizzes.  He makes you think freely and "outside the box"  about our Economics.  This is what school should be all about.   I give him 5 stars!
5.0 : Vipin teaches you skills far beyond Economics, he wants you to learn how to absorb information from papers so that you can discuss it in class.  One of the best Economics teachers in an already stellar department!
5.0 : Prof Mulhollen is great. He's a PhD student and a professor so he's super relatable and understanding. Lectures are easy to zone out in but if you put some effort into the assignments and study for the tests, an A should be easy. 2 assignments, 2 exams, final exam, &amp; semester-long final project.
4.0 : This professor is over all a great guy; he is very kind and helpful, always accessible in person or over email. My only issue with him is that his lectures are super boring.  He either goes through the slides too fast or too slow. I always looked at the slides on my computer to take notes because his speed was really difficult to keep up with
5.0 : Amazing professor. I have truly learned so much that I'm surprised another student hasn't written anything about him. Truly wants everyone to succeed and will work with you to make sure you do just that. Not an easy A, but extremely fair and if you do what you gotta do you will get that A.
4.0 : Really nice guy. His class definitely increased my understanding of how important geography is to humanity. To do well you'll need to study for the exams, but if you do, an A is very achievable.
2.0 : His lectures are super long and boring. Unless you want to be a Geography major, there's literally no point in taking this class. I learned nothing and usually zoned out in class. I do not recommend taking this class but he is a chill professor.
4.0 : This is my second time with Lockwood. She is encouraging, and really wants to emphasize that she is providing a discussion, not a lecture, on literature. She listens as much as she talks. Her assignment prompts can sometimes be a little convoluted, but she is always happy to answer questions.
5.0 : Even though she gives lots of assignments it helps you prepare for the final research paper. Especially how she has due dates for increments of your rough drafts to make sure you don't wait until the last minute to do the assignment, which in turn helps with your grade.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Definitely get the textbook and read the chapter before class. Weekly quizzes are based on the chapter and are fairly easy as long as you read. He goes over the chapter slide by slide before the quiz and gives hints on what will be on it. No exams, a few papers short. Really not a hard class. I would love to take him again.
3.0 : Likes to hear himself talk!!!  Not exactly an "easy A" but its also not impossible to get a good grade with a little effort.  Weekly quizzes on the chapters, two papers, and a final presentation.
4.0 : Took early morning class 7:30am-10am. Quiz everyday in class for the assigned chapter  so you can't skip class. Opinion paper, research paper, and Final presentation (verbal). Makes you wear your name tag during class. Makes you read the slides of the PPT however doesn't pick on you for participation so that's good. He is a nice guy overall.
4.0 : This class was really interesting and I felt like I learned a lot in it. Quiz every class on the chapter, so it's better to read it beforehand. Papers but no tests. Not exactly an "easy A" but its also not impossible to get a good grade with a little effort. You need the textbook and you need to participate. I would definitely take this class again
4.0 : If you do the work, you'll pass, but it's really hard to get an A in this class. Participation is a grade, which is a bit difficult for those who are quieter/have social anxiety/etc. On the plus side, no exams - just papers and a presentation, plus weekly quizzes. He lectures pretty well, though, so it's not a boring course.
4.5 : Lots of readings and assignments, and some of the readings are really hard to understand. But you also get to watch films and talk about some interesting topics.  She is also really helpful if you ask her questions about the assignments and readings. She is a very, very slow grader.
4.5 : She is a very nice professor. I am an international student and I did not speak a lot in the class. But she gave me a lot of advice and help me study this course. I am very grateful to her.
4.5 : Professor Heitz assigns a lot of reading but she's an amazing Professor. She's really laid back but she'll get serious when needed. The reading was a pain but the professor was great
5.0 : Professor Heitz has to be one of the best professors here at GMU.  George Mason University is honestly really lucky to have her as a professor.  She artfully knows how to engage the class into discussion, and often works upon many thought provoking questions.  She makes you think critically!  Highly recommend!  But do the readings!!!
5.0 : Two words.  Amazing Professor!  She is so willing to help her students outside of class whether it be in person or through email.  If I could take her class again, I definitely would.  Not only is she a respectable professor, but a respectable person as well.  She deserves all the respect that she gets.
5.0 : Professor Heitz really respects all of her students.  She works upon honesty, and tries to seek the best interests of her students.  It was a treat to have such a great professor this semester.  It's really hard to find such motivated and driven professors like Professor Heitz anymore.  She embodies all those great qualities.
5.0 : If you want to learn, take professor Heitz.  She knows her stuff.
5.0 : Super humble and sweet.  Knows how to set a middle ground in debates and is very respectful for other student's beliefs.  Did I mention that she is very intelligent in this field of study.  She deserves the title of historian.  Definitely deserves to be a full time professor!
5.0 : LOVE LOVE LOVE Professor Heitz!!  Very professional but knows how to get along with her students very well.  If you want to make your undergrad career worth it, take her!  She is definitely worth your money.  By far the best professor at GMU.
4.0 : You won't necessarily lose points for not participating, but class discussion will go by a lot faster if everyone contributes something. Make sure to keep on top of the deadlines. She did change the required assignments and deadlines this semester, so keep up with the changes.
4.5 : Good professor. Easy class. He was very monotoned, so classes were boring. But he explained everything well, always had extra credit, and always used powerpoints to explain points. No textbook needed
5.0 : NO textbook needed. Gives extra credit on everything! Attendance is not mandatory BUT if you go you will understand how to do the homework and pass the quizzes and tests. You can always e-mail him or his LAs they are very helpful when it comes to the homework! Easy if you put the time and effort to it, but assignments take a while.
5.0 : Great Professor! If lectures are too confusing just go to him during his office hours &amp; he will 100% help you understand what you're confused on. Going to him every week for hw problems I was confused on &amp; to help me understand problems before quizzes &amp; exams helped me get an A in the course as well get extra credit points on hw, quizzes &amp; exams.
4.0 : really good lots of extra pts and so sweet will do anything to help u get an A TAKE HIM
4.0 : Like him very nice very helpful
4.5 : Wonderful professor with an easy class! He gives a lot of extra credit which helps in the long run and is extremely helpful, when you have any problems. Lectures can drone on a bit, because the lecture is primarily based on Powerpoints. He is very fair when grading and making tests.
5.0 : This was one of the best/easiest classes I've taken at Mason. Marzougui is so good at making the class manageable and explains anything you are confused about. The homework is pretty easy (it gets harder towards the end). If you keep up, you are guaranteed an A. I had over a 100 all semester because of extra credit.
5.0 : Her lectures are basically her reading through every single slide of the PowerPoint word for word.  She gave us a study guide for the midterm and final exam. When doing calculations you have to do it her confusing way. You have easy homework assignments where you reword definitions and information. Didn't really need to use the textbook.
5.0 : Don't need the text book at all. Very caring and Easy going, as long as you're kind she'll help you constantly. Great Teacher, easy class, she's very passionate about Computer Sciences.
5.0 : She is a very nice person and will help you with anything you need, just ask her!
4.0 : She is a great lab instructor. Very good at explaining the lab procedures. She is not condescending, as is the trend for the chemistry department. She made chemistry actually interesting and somewhat enjoyable. Not the regular broom up the rear type of TA but still expect to really work for your grade. Not an easy grader.
5.0 : Best lab instructor ever. She is by far one of the better lab TA's so do yourself the favor and take her. do not expect easy grades though, you will have to work seriously hard for any type of good grade.
5.0 : Amazing TA. You'll be so glad to have her. She grades lab reports hard like all the chem TA's do but she is super nice and really helpful if you go and talk to her. Amazing TA definitely my fav
4.0 : The best lab instructor that I have ever had! She is super enthusiastic about chemistry. I had her lab at 8am, though, after getting to lab, her super cool vibe is just felt. A great personality and super hilarious. Love her!! She does a great job in clarifying expectations in terms of lab procedures and lab reports.
5.0 : It's a shame she's leaving Mason. She was the best Spanish teacher I've ever had in my life. From the very first day, I felt truly welcomed in her class. She is very frank, humble, and hilarious. Whenever I needed help, she would help me with no hesitation. I would definitely recommend her to anyone. I will miss her very much!
5.0 : This is the best teacher I've taken at Mason. Really cares about her students and is SO nice. You won't regret taking her class!!!
3.0 : not much that was graded (a couple reflections and final drafts). she is very funny. the class is very unorganized but makes the syllabus happen. surprisingly very strict with writing, but give good feedback
5.0 : Excellent professor. By far one of the best professors I've ever had. Still offers to help past students in the next level of Spanish if they are continuing with the language. Cannot say nicer things about her. She's fun, understanding, passionate, and caring. Would take her class again.
4.5 : The class material is somewhat difficult, but she is always there to help. Professor Zonia is very perky and fun! She loves when her students participate and she lets you decide what you want to learn throughout the semester. I would definitely recommend taking this class!
4.5 : Zonia is AMAZING and hella entertaining!! Even if you're not interested in learning Spanish, she will not fail to make you laugh and WANT to come to class. If you're going to take Spanish at Mason, take Zonia--definitely one of those professors you never forget.
5.0 : Sonia loves her students and her job. And we love her! Every single student in the class was begging her to teach Spanish II the upcoming semester. She is 100% energy every class, totally interactive, and if you are confused or don't understand something, she will do everything she can to help you--even if it means sacrificing her personal time.
4.5 : Professor Goetsch definitely improved my writing abilities. She is a writer herself so she knows what she is doing. She cared about the students' success and was there to help, whether it be for academic or personal issues. She broke the writing process down into steps which made writing the final research paper very manageable! Very caring lady.
4.5 : I wish I could take another class with her! She's a delight and really helps improve your writing. She cares for everyone in the class and created a great atmosphere for learning. The papers are long, but she definitely helps throughout the process.
5.0 : Professor Goetsch is funny and super chill. She lets off the students early most of the times. Show that you are putting in effort and you'll ace the class. Come to class because it contributes to your participation grade -  you don't have to talk in class if you are shy but just come to class.
5.0 : Professor Goetsch is one of my favorite professors I have ever had! I wish I could have her again because she is so kind and cares about each student! If you have question or problem, she will listen. She assigns papers and yeah, you have to do them for a good grade but she gives you plenty of time to finish. You will learn a lot! TAKE HER CLASS!
4.5 : Prof. Goetsch is great! I wish she taught more upper level classes. She really holds your hand through the writing process and makes sure you have every opportunity to do well. She also cares for you personally; if she can tell you are having a horrible day or that the class isn't interested, she will let class out early. She is a great teacher.
5.0 : Best professor for MIS he really cares for his students. Go to class, pay attention, do the work and you'll be fine. It's not a hard class. Hampe is probably the nicest professor in the school of business.
5.0 : He is really cool. He knows his material and even teaches on real world concepts. Be prepared to do your work, study for the exam and you will do great!
5.0 : Prof Hampe provides great feedback, just dont expect to receive your grades quickly! Put the effort in and you will do well. Group project/normal drawbacks, however the team provides feedback on everyones participation final project grade is based on. So slackers cant ride free in a good team. Real life examples both good and bad! Awesome Teach!
4.5 : Professor Hampe is great!  Tests are sort-of hard, but definitely passable - just be sure to read the textbook.   Group project in MIS330.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've ever had. Most MIS professors are useless, but his lectures are great and wants you to do well and be prepared for future careers.
5.0 : Professor Hampe is very clear and understanding teacher. There is a lot of homeworks and quizes but if you do everything expect an A OR B. Don't slack in this class! I love his teaching method! He is not boring keeps the class excited. Very helpful and tries to help students succeed. Recommend him!!!!
5.0 : Loved the class, but he never grades anything. Like ever. We just took the final and things from the beginning of the semester are still not graded. But at least he cut out assignments because he didnt feel like grading any thing else!
5.0 : Really caring professor who will help you any time of the day. His lectures are interesting, he engages the class and makes it fun. He may be behind on the grading but thats bc he gives good feedback and actually reads your work. I learned a lot in his MIS491 class and enjoyed it! Highly recommend.
3.5 : Funny, quirky professor. One downside is he barely grades. Our final grades have still not been posted even though its been more than a week since finals took place. But otherwise really simple and easy class. Expect an A, its that simple.
4.0 : Awesome professor, extremely knowledgeable, and inspirational. The tests are difficult, but passable. Make sure you have a good group as you will have to work a lot with your group. Barely grades anything, so don't expect to know your grade before heading for the final. Will mess up your grade with participation points even if you never skip class.
5.0 : MIS isn't my strong point, but he makes it SUPER easy to understand. VERY LENIENT grader, and responds to EVERY email questions within 5 mins. Has several class quizzes (5-10 questions) which are so easy. The HWs are a lil long, but he lets u work in groups. Absolutely take him if you want an easy AB. Also has workshops to help you out too. LOVE!!
5.0 : Great professor that really tries to get his students ready for the real world.  He responds to emails extremely quickly and has great insight.  His experience is extremely valuable and he has a wealth of knowledge in the field.  Best professor I have taken in college, and extremely fortunate to have taken him.  Learned so much!
1.5 : His first 2 exams were not bad at all, the final was really difficult for some reason. its like he kind of tricked up into thinking it would be easy and it wasn't. Same goes for homework, it started off really easy and got really difficult towards the end. Overall not a terrible class. Not a fan of his lectures or him. TEXTBOOK IS REQUIRED to pass!
4.0 : Professor Hampe gives you a lot of practice material to help you study for the exams. He is really helpful and he tells you exactly what to study to pass his finals. The only problem I had with him is that he grades assignments late. I didn't receive any grades until half way through the semester. He is also really bad about responding to emails.
5.0 : I liked him. Pretty straight forward class. He's super lenient with due dates. His grading for papers confuses me though. He'll give you feedback but when you revise he won't give you full points for what he told you to fix. So I'm not sure what he wants there. But he curves the exams so that's pretty nice. Overall, great professor.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Highly recommend :)
4.5 : really cool guy is willing to help you out when you need it. takes the time to set workshops for the students who want extra help. if he sees that you are trying he takes that into consideration. effort and improvement are everything. he's one of the most fair professors I've had and really cares about his students and wants them to learn.
4.0 : do the homework he assigns, if you get the homework the tests and quizzes are really easy everything is closely related. he lets you do it in groups of 3 they're pretty hard but i did most of them by myself so its do-able. anytime had a question he would always take the time to explain it. replies to emails pretty quick and always willing to help.
4.5 : Professor Hampe was my favorite professor this semester. Anytime I didn't understand the material he went out of his way to explain. Held extra workshops on his free time for students. Fast response to emails. Very fair grader. Very specific on what we should expect on quizzes. Really just wants to see that you are willing to learn.
5.0 : Really cares about students. For better or worse uses pretty advanced vocabulary. He doesn't make the exams so you have to read the textbook to pass them.
5.0 : He's such a cutie as well as a great prof. He's a very chill, relax, and nice guy. Do the study guides and that'll help a lot with the exams. Make friends in the class because that way you'll have a group for group projects but he'll also randomize sometimes. Memorize and study the vocab as soon as you learn that chapter in class.
5.0 : Nacir was a fantastic recitation professor. He is so energetic and engaging. He is really funny too. He always tries to make sure everyone (even those who don't speak up) understand. He is very accessible outside of class which can be very useful. If you can take him, I would advise it.
5.0 : Awesome professor, if you're a business student I totally recommend him!
5.0 : He is so nice and easy. if you konw the basics of math u should pass easily
2.5 : Problem was he's not in sync with lecture. Teaches material differently, confusing lots of ppl. Learn the stuff in lecture, dont count on learning it from his recitation. Heavy accent as well. Though he makes up for it by giving the simplest quizzes ever! Very very nice as well and tries to help. I think  he'll get better with time. Recommended.
4.5 : I have had Professor Hmidouch for my Math 213 recitation and have truly enjoyed his class. If we are having issues with certain material, he is more than willing to help his students correct their mistakes. He has an accent as he is from North Africa, however math is about numbers, and he is concise with his work. Would take him again. Great guy.
5.0 : best recitation teacher ever !
5.0 : If you're taking math 108, take it with him! He's really nice and gives extra credit on exams and in-class quizzes. Study the HW and your notes and you'll get an A. You don't need the textbook.
1.0 : 1. Hmidouch has an extremely heavy accent 2. His penmanship is the ABSOLUTE WORST! Especially when the lecture is him writing on a whiteboard the whole time 3. He jumps around A LOT; he will go from step 1 - step 14 - and then step 9. If you have trouble with heavy accents, terrible handwriting, jumping back and forth DO NOT sign up for his class
5.0 : He super easy and nice! Go to his office hours if you need help with anything, he's very willing to help. Easy class if you: attend every class, do the hw, and study guide.
5.0 : Honestly I was going to quit the class the first day because I could not understand his accent; however, I tested the class another day and there was no problem. He is so caring and is willing to help with anything you are confused about.  His quizzes and test are super easy and he basically will give you all the answers on review day. RECOMMEND
2.0 : Unprepared.
5.0 : Anyone who complains about him simply doesn't try to put any effort. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Nacir is a great professor! He grades very easy on tests, quizzes, and homework. I didnt show up for class 80% of the time and I ended with a 92. You have an advantage if you come to class because he uses the problems he solves in class on the tests. Also, he is a funny individual and dont be afraid to ask questions. The textbook is your friend!
4.0 : Nacir is a great guy that really wants everyone to pass. He always tries to make sure people understand what he is teaching, but still goes a little too fast. The tests are easy. There is 3 of them, and they have similar questions to the study guide, and the final has the same questions from all 3 exams. Overall I think he was great.
5.0 : Great teacher always showed up to classs energetic and ready to teach, I was always a c student in highschool with math but he helped me understand and learn the material flawlessly, he also cares about his student and gives good extra credit
5.0 : Greattttt teacher!
2.0 : I relied on my math learned beforehand which gave me an A. He is bad at explaining concepts because he works them out without explaining the theories or concepts behind them, and it can be hard to hear since he has an accent. Still, he gives extra credit often (usually on tests, had 3 in class) and clearly wants to pass students so props to him.
4.5 : I took IT 304 with Prof. Buckner and it was great. She keeps the class interesting by talking about current events that relate to the criteria. Both the mid-term and final were reasonable with the questions being solely based on her power point slides. She definitely cares about her students and understands them. Would absolutely take her course.
3.5 : Amazing professor! Class consisted of weekly readings with Qs, a midterm, final, a research paper, website, and group presentation. It sounds like a lot, but if you stay on task you'll pass. She tells you what will be on the midtermfinal one class before. You could honestly skip half the semester and pass the class by showing up to the review.
5.0 : Amazing. A professor that actually cares for her students. Don't get that a lot anymore.
5.0 : She is the best professor I've ever had. This course is too easy for a 300 level course. Mid-term and final exams are straight from the power points. No text-book required for this class. The content is so easy as well.
5.0 : This class is one of the most important classes going into IT 492. I feel confident after having Professor Buckner for IT 343 that I will do well.
5.0 : Great professor. Amazing person. This was professor Buckner's first semester teaching. She has a bubbly personality and has a passion for what she teaches. She makes class fun. She enjoys it when people participate, although she won't force anyone. Midterm, final, projectpresentationwebsite, weekly readings + questions. Sign up for her class!
5.0 : Feedback on rough drafts helped a lot. Simply amazing!!! Loved him. You take about the things you believe in: how amazing is that. Advocate for yourself is what the class is about. Be ready to talk and have fun
5.0 : This had become one of my favorite professors of all time! When I signed up for this class, it was anything buy what I expected. The book he chose for us to discuss was SO interesting, and you HAVE to participate in class discussions! He really makes you think outside the box, and I'm just SOOOO glad I signed up for his class!
5.0 : Professor Luman is a truly amazing professor! His class is so cool, and if you are having a problem understanding assignments, all you have to do is contact him and he gets back right away. He's extremely motivated to help students that make appts with him because it shows him you are really trying. I would GLADLY take him again!! He's awesome!
5.0 : He's funny and enjoyable. If you need help on an essay, he's more than willing to help. Want feedback on an essay before it's due? Give it to him and he will give you feedback. I'm terrible at writing and his help has really pushed me forward. You will be expected to read and discuss various readings he tells us about but discussions are friendly.
2.0 : He'll tell you homework in class briefly then not post it anywhere but have other homework on the updated syllabus. He can be helpful if you ask for it. The homework is a lot, yes it is college but pointless things he gives. Grades hard. Doesn't post grades. Sometimes funny. Too many "reflective 250-350 word blackboard posts" about everything.
4.0 : Professor Luman is extremely cool, respectful, and laid back. His teaching style and essay assignments can be a little bit unclear, it is only because he really wants to make you think about things in ways you haven't before. Any time I needed clarification, he always spared a few minutes after class to clear up the assignment. Take his class!
4.0 : Highly recommend him for Creative Writing. He advised us on submissions and discussed the markets for Poetry and Fiction. Take his class if youre interested in not only how to write, but how to get your work out there. He has fun assignments and the discussions are interesting. Plus, your classmates become an excellent community of writers.
3.0 : As someone who has excelled in every other English class I've ever taken, this was by far the most difficult. The theme of advocacy is explained poorly from the jump. He is always there to help but even after going to his office hours for extra help, I still found myself constantly confused about the prompt. I'd take this with a different professor
5.0 : Amazing professor. I was never bored in his classes. I would definitely recommend him! Best class I have taken at George Mason
3.0 : Marty is nice and easy going but he is extremely monotone and boring. I would take him only at 12 in the afternoon with the class only being an hour. But my 3 hour night class with him is dreadful he is boring and doesn't let you out early.
5.0 : marty is a great professor. he's really nice and genuine. if you ask for help, he'll give it to you whether it is after class or via email. He gives out quizzes that are as long as tests but they are easy questions. it helps to study the powerpoint which are very clear. he also curves the quizzes if the whole class didn't do so well. recommend!
4.5 : Marty is a nice professor. His slides are directly from the textbook but he goes over them during class with more examples. He's good at giving real world examples which helps you learn the material. He gives out quizzes that are like exams but if you study his powerpoints, you'll pass them.  He's easy going and the group project isn't hard at all
4.0 : He's a really nice guy and he said that a lot of what he's doing this year is different than how he used to teach his previous classes, i.e. making them more easier to follow. Also quite good looking too.
5.0 : Professor Biskup is awesome, really sweet guy, soft spoken, helpful if you need it. His class consists of reading two chapters, quiz, repeat, group presentation, research paper, and the final is "at no risk". Very laid back, attendance is mandatory, but you won't mind going to class. He's pretty good looking too.
5.0 : He is literally one of the best lecturers I have ever had. I took a three hour class with him and was thoroughly engaged the entire time. His exams come straight from the powerpoints, which he posts on blackboard. He is extremely understanding an listens to you if you think a test problem in unfair. Definitely one of the better professors at Mason.
5.0 : Marty's class is the best. His clarity makes everything so much easier. You know what's due, you know about the quizzes, and optional final. If you take the quizzes and pass them, you're good to go. He's also a pretty funny guy who tries his hardest to make lectures not so bad. I actually enjoyed going to his 9am class.
4.5 : Professor Biskup's PSYC 405 class is on the Psychology of Persuasion. It is a VERY interesting class. There are no exams, just 5 quizzes (non cumulative), a BIG research paper, and a group project (which is fun). The class in general is fun, but the assignments can be a little hard. You have to definatly study for this class. I'd suggest him.
3.5 : PhD student &amp; seems new to teaching. Attendance is mandatory. You need to show up AND read the book. He asks questions from the chapters that he didn't talk about in class. Small easy tests every 2 chapters. 2 group projects: a 30 min presentation and 1 research paper which are a little rough, but not too bad. Nice enough, would take again.
5.0 : Marty was a good professor. Sometimes seemed a bit uncomfortable but he is a funny guy. He relates real life scenarios with class material. Gives quizzes, no "exams." Quizzes can be difficult at times. Class requires effort if you want to pass. Would recommend :)
4.0 : He is really smart and knowledgeable. I did learn a lot in his class. I think he is capricious or subjective  on how he grades exams.  Be very careful in choosing/writing your answers.   Watch for "none of the above" in multiple choice questions or getting deducted 0.5  points for using two words to answer something even if they mean the same.
5.0 : You only have two exams in the class, and they're not super easy, but pretty manageable if you keep up with the information. The grades on the lab are a big enough chunk of your grade where you won't be screwed if something goes awry with one exam. CONSTANT office hours, he's willing to see you even if they're not his scheduled hours. Great guy!!!!
5.0 : He is an absolutely fantastic professor. His test and labs are tough, but he makes it clear on what you need to know. Very patient and really wants you to understand the material. Definitely take him.
5.0 : He is new at GMU!! He is excellent at teaching geography anaylsis (related to statistics). TAKE HIM!!!!!
1.0 : Can't recommend this class for geography students, barely any geography.  I'm surprised this was allowed this as a geography choice.  The lectures were long and just too much information.  He's so proud of his PhD.  Amateur hour on the test with "none of the above" choices.  Never take his class again.  Could barely get through his lectures. ZZzzzz
5.0 : Great Professor. Explains concepts in detail then recaps them the following class to ensure everyone understands. Very flexible with meeting times and is even better explaining things 1 on 1. Even though stats isn't the most enjoyable, he is able to make it at least tolerable.
5.0 : Professor Arias is amazing. She is incredibly helpful and understands that you have other stuff going on. Her lectures are efficient and her grading is clear. She is a great professor and I hope I get her again!  You MUST buy the textbook. There is no other way to pass.
5.0 : She was totally hot, totally awesome. You could really tell she cared and wanted to help her students. She knew her stuff and was excited about the material, yet could still relate to students. Probably best prof I've had at GMU. If you need this class, she is a MUST. Awesome professor.
4.5 : Class is manageable if you stay on top of each chapter. Participation is huge. Just showing up counts for very little of it, you NEED to speak in class.
4.5 : I wish I could have Profe Burns for the rest of my Spanish classes! She speaks so clearly and slow enough for non-native speakers to understand. She assigns grammar homework that is so easy and grades it on completion which deff is helpful for your grade. Tests are not difficult and the final is not cumulative. She has easily been my fav professor
3.0 : Ridiculously boring. Class is an easy A if you're doing it just for the grade, but if you actually want to learn and enjoy the Spanish language, I would not recommend, soul sucker. Just power-points and 5 minute group assignments, no engagement or practice speaking at all. I was highly disappointed this semester. If you want to learn, study abroad.
4.5 : I have taken two classes with Carla Burns and I would LOVE to take all my spanish classes with her, but unfortunately she does not teach all of them. This class requires work but the work helps you learn spanish. She almost never gives busy work. Participation during class matters a lot but it is for your benefit.
3.5 : Profe Burns is a great professor, especially if your class is taught completely in Spanish. Her accent's very clear and easy enough to understand, even when she speaks quickly. The work is tolerable, but it piles up. There are a lot of movies to watch outside of class as well. Otherwise, the class is great, but it'll make your head hurt at first.
5.0 : This was my third Spanish class with Prof Burns, and I wish I could take every class with her! She is kind, understanding, and sets clear expectations. She is a native speaker who actually speaks very clearly and is cognizant of her students' varying abilities. Take her if you have the opportunity!
5.0 : She is a native speaker that is really helpful. She's very clear about what she wants. I love her, she is the best Spanish teacher ever! Definitely take a class with her if you have the chance.
4.0 : She is great! The only thing is this is a 6 credit course so you have to plan to commit to this class and not brush it off to the side. Also two group projects that involve speaking but she is not a tough grader at all she is very generous. AS LONG AS YOU TRY AND COME TO CLASS. On days where barely anyone shows, she collects in class work.
5.0 : She is fantastic, she will work with you if you need help. She isn't so strict on grading because she understands it's a lot of peoples first time taking Spanish. Attendance is mandatory, but she is really understanding if you need to miss class. Homework isn't bad at all and it 100% helps pass the class.
3.0 : 336 is a speaking class so participation matters. Also showing up to class is a 50%, the other 50% requires you to take notes and speak. the topic of art history that was chosen was extremely boring and I'd make sure that you are interested in the topic before you continue with her class. Not many chances for extra credit or corrections so study
4.0 : She gives a lot of group work, but she allows for error.  The tests are very easy if you do the homework. There is a lot of online homework, but it is very useful and simple.
5.0 : She is a wonderful Professor. Her class is fun, engaging, and relatively easy! She does random attendance and pop quizzes throughout the semester, however if you just show up, you will get an A. I would take her again if I could!
5.0 : Courtney is very well respected by her students. In a lecture full of 150 students, everyone goes. She is very interesting for an intro level course. However, her study guides are 150+ terms and there are only two exams for the entire semester. You will need to study a lot! You will not pass this course if you skip class, attendance matters!
4.5 : This class is super easy. You don't have to buy a textbook and her lectures are fill in the blank notes that she provides before class. She warns you when there will be a "pop" quiz on the online readings and the tests and projects are SO easy
4.0 : She gives pop quizzes but she always hints to when theyll be. All homework readings are easy and interesting. Attendance is mandatory but its a very interesting class so you most likely wont want to miss it. notes are important. overall a fairly easy class and she is incredibly helpful and nice. i would take this class again in a heart beat.
4.5 : The amount of hard work this professor puts into making sure her students learn the material is unrivaled.  Her powerpoints are amazing and her tests are more than fair.  She makes sure that everyone feels comfortable and prepared for each exam.  Kara did a fantastic job with the review sessions too (definitely recommend stopping by those).
4.0 : This was by far my favorite class this semester. Dr. Hughes-Rinker and her TA, Kara, are great together. Dr. Hughes-Rinker gives great lectures, her power points are very clear cut for notes, she sends them out to you, and posts them on blackboard before class. She does have pop quizzes on the readings but no book and takes attendance sometimes.
5.0 : Dr. Hughes-Rinker is an amazing professor! Her class was my favorite of the semester and she is the best teacher I've had so far. There is not much work but what is assigned is so easy. The 2 tests she gives are not difficult at all and she gives study guides for each. Her lectures are very interesting. She does take attendance. Take this class!
5.0 : Prf. Dixon is amazing. I am not the artistic type, but she made everything fun! I walked away with a new appreciation of the art world! Take this class, participate, do the art projects, and you will walk away with an A. She isn't out to get you or your GPA..
4.0 : She's really passionate about the subject being taught that she may get off topic sometimes. The projects were really fun. Along with that, you have to visit 2 museums and 4 galleries. What I like about her class is that she expects pictures and selfies instead of essays. She may be a bit vague though when it comes to instructions on projects.
2.5 : She has a high rating so I took her for my art elective. For a 100-level art class, she made you do A LOT! You've to visit 4 galleries, and 2 museums so get ready for that. You have to put a lot of effort in her craft projects. 4 projects, research is required. Every class you miss hurts your grade. Choose someone else if you want to do less work.
5.0 : One of the nicest professor's I ever had. I am not even an Art person but by the end of her class I appreciated art even more. She even helped me with my projects and she always gave good feedback.  Very nice human being. Take her class and enjoy.
4.0 : 1. Seriously, go to class.  You'll get a lot out of it and you'll mostly have fun. 2. No matter what she says, you need the latest version of the textbook in order to get an A. 3. Do not expect to get any of the papers or in-class assignments returned to you... ever.  Just kiss them off and hope you did well because you will get zero feedback.
5.0 : Best teacher I had this semester. Lots of speaking. Forces you to know your classmates. She has an energetic personality, but it makes the class interesting. Easy A if you follow guidelines. Write speech about CTCA+
5.0 : TAKE HER! SHE'S THE BEST! I always look forward to going to her class. She's HILARIOUS and makes the communication so much fun. She's knows her material and interacts with the students very well. I have never been bored in that class. But you do have to read (skim...) the textbook to do well on the tests. She's a fair grader and always makes my day
4.5 : Super easy class as long as you skim the readings and understand the material. She's by far one of my favorite teachers at Mason! I only go to class because of her. The way she ties in the material with stories is hilarious. She's very animated and genuinely cares about her students. TAKE HER FOR COMMUNICATIONS! BEST DECISION EVER!
5.0 : Professor Moss  took boring material and made sure that you knew how to apply it to your life. She used personal experiences that were hilarious and her overall enthusiasm to make this course awesome! GO TO CLASS! There are a lot of projects and if you miss a class where you are put into groups it will mess up the group order and you will be lost.
5.0 : She is an awesome professor, she knows how to keep class interesting and provides plenty of examples so that you'll understand the material. Interpersonal Comm was a breezevery fun. She is really sarcastic and just a great professor to have. I had her at 8:30 am, if you want to take an 8:30 class take it with her its so much fun for an am class.
4.5 : COMM 101 is an excruciating class to begin with, but Moss handles it pretty well. She's always buzzing with energy and loves to talk about Crossfit. She doesn't straight-up lecture very often because the class is mainly group work. Overall, Moss is a great professor and loves her field, even though she isn't exactly 100% devoted to the textbook.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! At first I thought I would hate this class but it actually ended up being one of my favorite classes. Professor Moss is upbeat and funny. She keeps the class interesting. Do the work and you should get an easy A.
5.0 : I thought that this class would be awful since I hate public speaking, but Professor Moss made the class so fun! She's so funny and always tries to crack a joke here and there. Just do well on your speeches and you'll do fine in class. The class is all based on speeches. Definitely take her for public speaking!
5.0 : Professor Moss was probably one of my favorite professors. She is active, energetic, and hilarious. The class was easy, just do the work and you'll pass. The tests are difficult and do require a lot of preparation, but overall this class was fun with Professor Moss.
4.0 : Coming from someone who is very shy taking a public speaking class, Professor Moss was amazing. Super funny, helpful and kind. Not a hard class if you show up and try on your speeches.
5.0 : I love professor Moss. Though, she is taking a break from teaching to pursue her PhD.  I am still rating her to give her the highest rating, because she is by far the MOST AMAZING teacher I have had this semester. I gave her the tag of "there for you" , because that couldn't best sum her up more. She is SO there for her students, its extraordinary
4.5 : An absolute great professor, definitely recommend taking her
4.0 : Rachel (she asks the class to call her this) is super cool! She herself is a working artist, so she gives great feedback on your work. She is super open to interpretation of the project guidelines and encourages you to break her personal rules, "as long as you break them well." There are four total projects in the class, they are all fun.
5.0 : she's so amazing!
3.5 : she isn't respectful to some of her students. I wouldn't take a class with her again.
4.0 : Rachel was a great teacher. I didn't love the class, but that was just because sculpture isn't my thing. She's friendly and approachable but definitely favors some students over. It just comes out in her interactions with them. Prepare to put in a lot of outside work and spend money on supplies.
2.0 : The class covers a huge amount of material and we're tested on all of it. She admits she can't go over everything in lecture, so we're learning 95% of the material on our own, which makes it extremely hard since there's so much material covered. You HAVE to go to class, but going to class is frustrating since she covers so little of the material.
5.0 : She is wonderful. There were no tests in the class, just some short papers and assignments. I thoroughly enjoyed this class!
5.0 : Her Psych 100 class was really easy and she's very nice. You should go to class because there are in-class assignments. It's hard not to get below a B.
3.5 : Most of the class, I would say is online. All of the assignments (quizzes and tests) are online meaning they are open notes. Her lectures are boring and she talks a lot about psychology in animals (that's what she studies). She does do in class assignments for grades here and there so make sure you go to class. She genuinely wants people to do well
5.0 : TAKE HER FOR AN A! All assignments and exams including final are online. Open-book tests or should I say open-google! Go to class for unannounced class-assignments. Do 7-hrs research participation either online or in-person. DO NOT TAKE HER, if you're a psyc major or interested. Bc of the easiness you won't learn a lot, and she's kinda boring.
4.0 : The class was easy and interesting (it was about food choices and consequences). Only problem I had is that barely anything was graded in a reasonable amount of time. The end of semester, I maybe had 5 assignments graded, even though I submitted everything on time.
5.0 : You should learn a lot online by yourself. Tests are a little hard. You can get a great grade, if you work hard.
4.5 : Not too easy, not too hard. But I would say this class is worth taking to get an easy A. Have to read/quiz chapters from online book, 6 in-class assgn, 7 research cred., and 4-5 online,open source exams (which are kind of hard). My only drawback is that she doesn't complete all slides for ch. ppt. Great class, very flexible and nice prof, though!
2.0 : Took her for an elective and everyone always talks about how psychology is a college cliche course. Bad decision. She has no lecturing ability whatsoever and relies heavily on the textbook. Has to rely on a high percentage and random participation grade just to get students to come to class. Might as well just buy the textbook than take her class.
5.0 : There is a lot of reading and book reviews for this class, but she is just absolutely wonderful teacher. Very respectful and her class is extremely interesting. I got A+ and I really enjoy the class. I highly recommend Dr. Davis. She is the best.
5.0 : I loved her class very much and I really would love to meet he in person since this was an online class. She is a wonderful professor and teaches very interesting subjects. I got A+ in her class and it was one of the best online classes I've taken so far. I highly recommend her class. :)
5.0 : She is one of the nicest person I have ever met. Very soft spoken, soothing voice, respectful, positive attitude, caring, and very friendly. I have taken two classes with her and I will take more if she teaches them. One of the best professors ever. Take her!
3.0 : She is super boring while she lectures but you can just be on your computer the whole time. I had to show up to class because she takes "surprise attendance." Most of the work is done online and easy though.
5.0 : I LOVED her! If you're looking for a fun, interactive class then take her! I had so much fun in lectures because she truly does care a lot about what she does. She is so helpful as well. If I could, I would take her for so many other courses.
3.0 : She is super easy to get an A in. Show up to class and pay attention to the lectures and you will do very well. Her classes tend to be huge lectures.
2.0 : be prepared for a lot of writing and homework especially towards the end of semester. Pay attention to the due date! Sometimes she used the due date from the last semester. Hard to get an email back from her.  3-4 Critical book reviews. Make sure you write a lot and follow all her rubrics.
4.0 : He's pretty young so he's sympathetic to students. He can be flexible with makeup work and is overall a pretty funny, nice guy. His lectures consist of watching YouTube videos and talking about our days. The syllabus is set by the department but he does change it if the majority of the class asks. Easy grader, and gives good feedback.
5.0 : When I first went to Israel's class, I actually thought he was way too friendly. But as time went on I realized he's my only professor who acts like they actually care about each student not only passing, but getting genuinely good grades. Though he teases students, it's in a lighthearted manner and he's always willing to help and answer questions.
5.0 : Im not exaggerating when I say Dr Israel is the most amazing  professor. Woke up for 730am lab 2 semesters straight to get him! Hes so passionate and experienced. Always willing to help in ANY way that he can. Always responds in a timely manner &amp; makes class fun! Has such a great personality and genuinely cares about your success and well being.
5.0 : At first I thought he was too sarcastic at 7:30am. Then I realized how helpful he was and how much he really just wanted you to pass his class and understand the material. He's funny, but willing to help and if you email him about what your quizzes will be on he will let you know! He helped me relax and do well in his class.
5.0 : Pretty easy health class if you know anything about health. Great professor, very kind and personable. Lectures were long and drawn out at times, but pretty easy self explanatory class. However, I would show up.
5.0 : She is a great professor. Gives great feedback in essays, and she is very clear on her grading criteria for her students on each assignments. Doing the readings is necessary for your success in the class because she sometimes does pop quizzes to make sure you read the assignments.
5.0 : She is super helpful and nice!!!! Loved her class!!
5.0 : Professor Harms is the absolute best! She's young, understanding, fun, and an easy grader. Her only pet peve is not being able to have phones out in class but she's extremely nice. She allows you to turn in one assignment late in the semester. She takes attendance as well. Participate in class! Easy A.
5.0 : She is extremely helpful. Without her help I was not able to earn a good grade. She is nice, young and helpful. She does NOT make the course harder at all. High Recommended.
5.0 : Professor Li is great!  She breaks it down to make it is understandable.  Lots of homework, but you need to do it to learn the material.  Sample tests and quizzes are like the real ones, so work the samples and you will pass the test.  Professor Li is always available for one-on-one sessions outside of class. Easiest A I ever got in math.
4.0 : Really good teacher, tries to simplify things as much as possible. Show up to class, take notes and do the study guides, because the tests are similar.
5.0 : She's sweet and approachable. She's willing to help you when she see's your struggling. I self studied this but once in awhile I'll listen to her lectures to better understand the material. All hw/test is on MyMathLab, she lets you redo ?'s 3 times so it's easier to ace hw. She sometimes does in class quizzes, STUDY the SAMPLE quiz. Easy A
4.5 : I usually learn math by myself but I went to class and she was very helpful to anyone who had any questions. Her exams are fairly easy, she even lets you use one sheet of notes. No graded homework, though completing them helps a lot on her quizzes. I did have a somewhat hard time hearing and understanding her because of her accent though.
4.0 : This class was the easiest A in a math class I have ever received. Tests are almost identical to the study guides, and you can take a full page of notes with you to use on the tests. Homework is optional, and unnecessary if you know what's going on in class.
4.5 : don't listen to some of the reviews that say she is the easiest professor ever. She is a good professor, unlike the past teacher I had. she atleast puts in effort. weekly quizzes help motivate us to learn and she has a positive attitude, which makes it nice. for adjunct she goes above to help us understand. her style is systematic, not lecturing.
4.0 : It's Calculus class so it's not easy. She is a very good teacher and tries her best to help you understand. Go to every class and pay attention and you will pass. Quiz every Tuesday and she give you a sample quiz which helps. Tests are done online with no partial credit so get the right answer! She has a heavy accent that takes so time understand.
5.0 : I'm very grateful that I was in her class because I knew CALC would be a tough class.  She was patient,  very easy to follow and she was very helpful.   You need to study hard in order to get a good grade.  I would highly recommend her.  In addition,  her class encouraged me to take higher math classes b/c I have more confidence in myself now
5.0 : She is the most caring math teacher a student can hope to take. Even with an enormous class of 90 students, I was still able to get help when I needed it and I learned a lot. She has office hours and she walks through problems to help the students who care enough to show up. (Tests  are NOT identical to study guides like some say, that is a lie.)
5.0 : Her grading system is fantastic. She drops the lowest midterm, 2 out of the 12 quizzes, and gives a few extra credit opportunities. Also, all the homeworks are online which are really helpful in learning the class content. Make sure you show up to class on the quiz days since their are quizzes once a week but she reviews them which is helpful.
5.0 : I initially went into this class terrified because I hated math. Professor Li changed my mind because she made it easy to follow, and was always there to help you understand when you had a question or needed any help. In the end I really enjoyed math and found it fun because she was AMAZING. I wish all professors were like her. TAKE HER CLASS!
5.0 : Calculus is difficult so you will need to study and learn the material in class and on your own. She is extremely caring and gives you plenty of opportunities to improve your grade. Drops 2 lowest quizzes and 1 lowest test. All of the assignments are done online through the math website. She's the best math professor and available when you need her
5.0 : If you go to class and pay attention you will pass. There is homework but it isn't graded and if you pay attention in class you don't really need to do it. She is very helpful and is worth taking. Test are close to the study guides. The weekly quizzes help a lot. Overall if you show up and do the work you will pass.
2.0 : This is one of those classes in which you can get away with not truly learning the material and still get a decent grade. The only reason I did well in this class was because of the website you're required to purchase access for. Going to class was counterproductive (except on days when there were in-class quizzes).
5.0 : She is great. My math lab makes it very easy to learn. No need for textbook you won't use it. You just need a my math lab online subscription which usually includes a virtual textbook if you really want. She allows note page for all tests, some quizzes. She gives sample quizzes with answer key, so as long as you do it or review the answers.
4.0 : Disorganized. She was okay. Going to class on non-quiz days was useless. She sent out quiz samples couple days before which were very helpful. I learned mostly through MyMathLab. One time she forgot the show up to class and everyone just walked out of the auditorium after 20 minutes.
3.0 : Has a heavy accent but is a good teacher. There's a quiz every week but if you go to her office hours she will give you problems to work on that are similar (if not the same) as the ones on the quiz. Attendance is important because she works out the problems on the board.
5.0 : Professor Li is a great professor, in my opinion. She has a slight accent, but its not a heavy one. The lectures are very helpful because she goes over homework questions. There is a quiz every week, however she sends a sample quiz with an answer key that can help you study for. Overall, she is a very nice professor. Totally recommend taking her!
5.0 : This was such an easy A+. Homework was assigned, but I did not do a single one. All you have to do is pay attention when she explains the material in class. She also lets you have a page of notes on exams.
4.0 : The things that she lectures about are very clear. She will go step-by-step through every problem and go over any problem someone asks help for. She gives study guides for every test and they basically are the test. If you aren't afraid to ask questions then you will do well in her class.
3.0 : She assigns homework every class but it's not mandatory and I never did it. If you just pay attention in class she's really good at explaining everything. Quizzes aren't too hard, she does lots of practice problems beforehand. Tests are exactly like the study guide and you're allowed 1 front and back notes sheet so you should pass.
3.0 : Class isnt mandatory besides when she gives in class quizzes. Theres 3 midterms and a final, 2 lowest quiz grades and the lowest midterm grade are dropped. She doesnt do a lot in class most of the work and learning is online so if you cant teach yourself be careful.
5.0 : Doesn't collect homework, but has weekly quizzes. Very good teacher, goes into great detail and explanation when lecturing.
5.0 : Professor Li is a wonderful professor. Yeah she may have an accent, but she really gives you everything you need to succeed in her class. She literally gives you the answers to the quizzes, and the exams are taken MyMathLab on your computer in class. They are the exact same as the practice exams on it. Take it with her you wont regret it easy A.
5.0 : She is the GOAT
5.0 : 10 Quizzes, drops lowest two(30%). Three exams, drops lowest one(20%each/40%total). Final(20%). Weekly HW Online (10%).   Very straightforward, she sends out sample quizzes and allows notes on exams. It isn't an easy class but she gives ample opportunity to do well.   If you have to take Math 108, take it with her.
4.0 : Prof Li is a great woman. I went in thinking it would be really easy but it is NOT. Be ready to work hard, but she is a good teacher so take her! Sample quizzes and study guides are basically giving you the answers. So review them multiple times and you will get an A. I recommend her!!
5.0 : She lectures over valid subject content she quizzes over and tests on. She works out many problems and doesn't mind doing other examples. Ask questions and she is very helpful. Announcements are up to date and she is present for her office hours. Please review her study guide for the exams because they are very helpful. The homework also helps.
4.0 : Professor Li has a Chinese accent that can be difficult to understand at times but if you are willing and able to look past that she is a great choice. She goes through quiz examples in class and sends practice quizzes over email. She clearly goes over what the students need to know in class and if you attend you should have no trouble getting an A
5.0 : I was terrified of having to take calculus. Professor Li made it so easy to understand! She's very caring and will take the time both in and out of class to help you understand the material. She gives sample for her quizzes and exams and plenty of homework so if you take the time to do the work, you should get a good grade! If you can, take her!
5.0 : Barely even tried and passed this course no problem. She is so fantastic, take her! She's the best :)
5.0 : At first I was scared to take calculus with someone foreign. I feared I wouldn't be able to understand the lectures and get lost... Couldn't be farther from the truth with Professor Li. Shes very easy. She breaks down every problem so if you've forgetten your algebra, don't worry, she will explain it. The test problems are just like the study guide
4.0 : Professor Li is very caring and wants you to get a good grade. She is the best math professor I had at mason. She goes over the tests and quizzes and has office hours for students to ask questions. Sometimes she adds a little more material on test and quizzes so be sure to study all the sample problems.
5.0 : Prof Li is one of the best profs I had this semester. The material its self isn't that hard. sometimes you can barely hear or understand what she is saying but you can always talk to her and she will explain better. most importantly do the hw it may be a lot but it will definitely help for the tests.
5.0 : Lingxia Li is a nice professor. Some might say that her accent is little bit hard to understand, but doesn't matter. Math doesn't require good speakings. If you basically repeat the problems on homework and quizzes. It's an easy A class. I would recommend her, if you are diligent.
5.0 : Her grading criteria w/ dropping the 2 lowest quizzes (out of 10) and the lowest midterm test (out of 3) helped my grade. Most of the learning I did was outside of class doing hw and reviewing notes. As long as you do and understand the hw + sample tests, you will be prepared for her tests and final exam. If you need help, go to her office hours ;)
5.0 : Very good teacher.
4.0 : As long as you practice the sample tests over and over there is no way that you cannot earn an A. I did not find the online homework or in-class notes to be very useful though. Calculus is not super easy, but taking her made the class so much easier!
4.0 : Professor Li does a great job at making more difficult concepts much more understandable with a variety of examples and visually-oriented notes. She gives homework assignments every week (all due at the start of the next); the homework is done online with examples on how to complete it. If you do the homework, you will do well in this class.
4.5 : Very nice and approachable. Has a hard time with words like water and oil. Must be some sort of back woods country accent.
5.0 : Dr. Kozar is an AMAZING Professor! He is very caring and passionate about what he does. He truly cares about his students. Three exams, and three key terms all very easy and manageable. As long as you take notes and study getting an A is doable. 1 final paper but the grading is easy and simple. Dr. Kozar encourages students to explore geography.
3.0 : I love Geography + History, but this professor is the type to walk in with his hands in his pockets and a folder with three papers in his hand. If you like to just take notes, study them, and spit it back out, then you might like him. There are fairly easily map quizzes too. The 50Q exams are long because he usually dismisses us early.
4.0 : Professor Kozar is a great professor and keeps the class engaged. I enjoyed the class. I did not purchase the textbook and still aced the class, but only because I went to every class to take notes. Does not use blackboard so only way to get notes is by going to class. Three exams and four map quizzes are the only grades. Hard if you don't study!!!
5.0 : Kozar is my favorite professor at GMU. A genuinely cool dude. You must come to class and study the notes very closely for the tests, but I still managed to get a pretty easy A in the class. There are only 3-4 tests and map quizzes throughout the year. He also curves at the end of the semester.
4.0 : Professor Kozar is very enjoyable to listen to in class. This makes coming to class more fun, and his tests are almost all from lecture and not book material.
5.0 : This teacher rocks. He is such a nice guy and has very entertaining lectures. Take his class. He grades on just a few tests and papers, no real homework. You do have to memorize countries in the world but he makes it fun. I did not use the book, but you need to go to class to get the information for the tests so don't skip! I would take him again
3.5 : Best professor for GGS 101. The class consists of 4 map quizzes &amp; 3 exams, which includes the final (not cumulative). There's no homework, the lectures are easy to sit through. Show up, copy exactly what is on the slides during class, study those notes and there is no reason to get an A. I waited for the night before to study and still got an A.
3.5 : There really isn't a reason why not to pass this class. I'd study the night before the exam and still get an A. There are 3 exams and 4 map quizzes. He tells you which countries you need to know so it's  very easy. There are no study guides, but if you go to class and copy whats on the powerpoint, and you review it and then you'll definitely pass.
5.0 : One of the best Prof ever! He his super fun and makes the class fun. Show up to class you will pass the class easily!  Easy map quizzes and test are just directly from the lecture slides! Textbook is not needed.  I would recommend him to anyone and everyone! He is the best!
4.5 : must buy book, weekly online assignments that if you dont turn in you wont pass, attendance is not mandatory, will send out semester power points via email for you to study for the midterm and final. Does not give exam reviews though, and test are hard (some multi choice, 8 short answer mostly definitions, one short essay mostly a how-to).
5.0 : tests questions are all covered in lecture, everything was multiple choice, quit taking note halfway through class
3.0 : You can skip class, but you get lost QUICK.  Homework takes FOREVER and due every week (4 hours for me)--doesn't include assigned reading.  This class was extremely hard for me, but for people that LOVE this stuff, it might be easier as you would catch on quick.  No extra credit. Strict on due dates.  Overall strict, but tries to make class fun
5.0 : Dr. Kozar was great! He always managed to inject humor into every lecture. The class itself was very interesting, and an easy A. One paper, 3 worksheets and 4 quizzes. Attendance is mandatory, because he doesn't use BB or post notes.  In taking this class, Dr. Kozar inspired me to want to learn more about geography. I will be taking him again!
5.0 : Really funny! Most of the information you can get from the powerpoints in class. He doesn't use blackboard or electronics that much so its important to show up cause most of the info u need is in class.  I'm not a science person though so this class wasn't perfect, generally got Cs on the tests (but I didn't really study as much as I should've).
4.0 : Good teacher. Gets distracted easily but gets through all the notes in a very timely fashion. Tests are easy if you show up to class, take notes, and study them. Didn't have to read too much.
4.0 : Very reasonable and understanding professor. 3 exams, no final, a lot of participation discussion boards/easy assignments, and a final project. Does not grade hard so as long as you turn something in with a bit of effort put in you will get a 100 on everything. The exams are a bit tricky but shouldn't be too bad if you keep with the readings
5.0 : He is so funny! He makes his lectures interesting, and is constantly making jokes/ sarcastic comments. I did not purchase the book, but I took notes from his slides (which he does not post on blackboard or distribute) and still got an A. I would definitely take him over and over again! (I took his 103 class)
1.0 : Worst teacher you will meet, teaches non-sense and no one cares about it.
3.0 : Class environment reminds me of high school. its not a professional course. choice is yours.
3.5 : I think she's a really good teacher
4.5 : She is so generous and kind, and she tries her best to explain the lectures in easier way. However, the tests and quizes can be hard, but everything is in the text book.
4.0 : Im not sure if it was her or the class since it was the first time the class was offered but there was a lot of work and reading for this class. The midterm and final were a little with the fact the midterm was 75% written and the final was an all written exam. She is very nice if you don't go to class you will not do well
5.0 : She is extremely understanding and respects students. The work is manageable, just stay organized. She loves to have class discussions and to watch relevant documentaries which make class more interesting. She is also just a really nice and intelligent human in generall:)
4.0 : Great teacher all around. Nice person. She is a redditor!
5.0 : Great teacher, really helpful. Pay attention in class, do the homework, and participate and you should be on your way to get an A. The midterm and final are really long but as long as you go through the quizzes online and review the main concepts of each chapter you will do well. The class is not that hard as long as you stay on top of things.
4.5 : She is an awesome teacher! Very fair and understanding. There is a decent amount of work involved in the class and the final is mostly written but that is going to be the case no matter who you take.  She is an overall fair grader, approachable, and made the class lectures enjoyable. I would take her again if she taught a class I needed to take.
5.0 : Prof. Schoen is a heavy lecturer, no PowerPoints or notes, and does not use Blackboard. Despite this, he is amazing and the best professor I've ever had. He told us upfront he would treat the course as a Capstone, and he did, which helped me more than I could explain. Truly a gem and I wish he taught all criminology courses at GMU.
4.0 : Professor Schoen is great. He's very caring and always said he wants us to screw up in class instead of out in the real world. Read the chapters , come to class and you will pass. Only one paper. Group work every class but the topics are interesting. Wear a watch to class, he likes that. He is great because he tells you how it is! AWESOME!!
4.0 : One of the greatest professors I have taken. The lectures are traditional meaning he doesn't use powerpoint slides or blackboard but will always be available to give you your grade or help through email or in class. WARNING: He is very serious with his teaching due to his real world style, do NOT take this class if you tend to be easily offended.
1.0 : The class is really easy, but he just is not a good teacher. He is very opinionated on everyone else's life decisions. His opinion is the right one and yours is just a joke. He really just is not a nice person as a teacher. Difficult to deal with, but the class is easy.
5.0 : Professor Schoen is an awesome teacher. He's got life lessons in every aspect of law enforcement. I would take him again. He's very opinionated but anyone with a brain agrees with his opinions. Couldn't ask for a nicer guy and very respectful. Class is easy if you study for the exams. Wear a wrist watch to the first class and he will like you.
5.0 : Real world entertaining lectures. Does not sugar coat anything. Would take again! Read chapters and participate in class.
4.5 : He is definitely a no nonsense professor but usually as long as you don't bs him he is fine.  Will ask you what you want to do with your life so he can help and give his opinions.  As long as you actually go to class and study it's an interesting class and worth the working hard.
4.5 : I don't know what the negative comments above are all about.  He is one of the best professors I've had at GMU, and he really knows his subject.
4.0 : He's really not that hard. If you go to class and pay attention to the lectures and do the readings before the exams, then there's really no reason for you to get less than a B. The assignment, aka papers, are short and not at all hard to complete. Most of the papers are opinion based anyways. Respect him and you'll get respect back.
5.0 : Professor was fair and very knowledgeable about the subject matter.  He is no nonsense but has a sense of humor. The  3 exams were tough but easy if you study.
4.0 : He takes a practical approach to teaching and doesn't beat around the bush.  Respect him and he will respect you back.  Read the book, come to class, participate and you'll get a good grade.  Take his class.
5.0 : Professor Fabian is the best teacher, person, and catholic man you will find at George Mason. He is so inspirational and truly a joy to be around. You have not only take him but get to know him as well.
5.0 : Professor Fabian is, disputably, the greatest geology lab instructor in the history of Northern Virginia.  Not only is he a stud, but he cares about his students.  Do your work, show up to class, and make an effort and he will lay his life for you in the lab.  He knows his rocks inside... and out.  Highly recommend.  Man of virtue and character.
5.0 : Professor Fabain. Where do I start.  He is by far the best math 113 teacher, unfortunately he doesn't teach it.  He however does fairly good at teaching geology.  He enjoys spending time with the students and cracking jokes that only he laughs at.  Best TA anyone could ask for.  1010 would pass his class again.
5.0 : Tyler Fabian is AWESOME! He's overall an amazing man, and it's been an honor to have him as a lab TA. He's honestly one of the best people at GMU to learn from, and to learn from. He is genuine, caring, and definitely knowledgeable. This guy's future screams success.
5.0 : What can I say about Professor Fabian, he is hands down the greatest professor I have ever been with. He is Professor Fabian and on that rock I built my A. I cried in joy after each one of his lectures. There was not a single class that I did not feel inspired to go and make disciples of all nations. Professor Fabian is all about that grace!!!
5.0 : Awesome lab instructor! Would definitely take him again. Highly recommend! He's clear about what he wants... so do what he asks and you'll be grand!!
5.0 : Professor Tyler Fabian was an awesome professor. It was tough finding the encouragement to partake in a lab over summer vacation, but it really helped knowing I was coming to GMU to a lab with Tyler! He's overall an awesome teacher - he's very genuine, caring, and loving to his students. I highly recommend!
4.5 : He's very willing to help, easy grader, loves the subject, and he's hot
5.0 : Prof Fabian is God's gift to geology students. Not only is he very intelligent, he uses his great personality and sense of humor to guide his students through geology. His little jokes and study tips really helped me during the exams. He is very thorough in his explanations and reviews the material to really set it in our brains. great professor
4.5 : Great professor! Explains labs very well and always gives help. Make sure you attend class regularly and he appreciates it when your on time. Lets out class early when everything is finished. He's fun, understanding and loves what he does! Highly recommend taking his Lab. He will do anything to help you pass!
5.0 : Class is very interesting and professor is pretty funny which made class better. Labs are mandatory attendance but its an easy A.
3.0 : I think he was a good teacher for lab, but he isn't the nicest to people who don't understand geology well. He would definitely help me when I asked, but sometimes was really mean to me about not understanding the material. His exams are pretty easy and he doesn't grade labs so that's a plus.
5.0 : He is  a great person and awesome instructor. You will not find anyone better than him.  Very helpful , easy going and full of energy.  Don't miss taking it as it is worth it at the end. Do your work and the class will be fine.
4.5 : LOVE HIM!!! Took him for Orgo lab and he actually made the close to 4 hours enjoyable and fun. You need to study for quizzes, but this is a given. Absolutely adore him. Best chem lab at gmu I've ever had.
5.0 : He helped out with Dr Hatton's online Orgo class by doing online review sessions. HE WAS SO HELPFUL!! I highly recommend. Sometimes he did delve in too deep into minuscule details which wasn't helpful the week of the test. However, he is a genius and he knows sooo much. You can pretty much ask him anything (like I said, genius!!)
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class! She's an amazing teacher and has a great sense of humor! As long as you do the assignments, you will do fine. Professor Heir also gives really good advice for papers when your drafts are submitted. I strongly  recommend her!
4.5 : She's the best professor ever! Has a great sense of humor and shows videos. The class is pretty easy as long as you do the work and show up to class.
5.0 : She's a fun, chill, and energetic prof. 2 pop quizzes, gives participation points, journal entries everyday which she collects for an easy 10 points, group projects, easy essays as long as you put effort and actually read the book. Class is very discussion based but I barely talked, whoops. Chance to redo essays and group editing also.
5.0 : I LOVED having Professor Heir this semester. She's so helpful for essays during her office hours and it's really easy to talk to her and ask her questions. She makes class fun by using funny youtube videos and throwback songs. Seriously, English is required so at least have fun when you take it and take Professor Heir.
5.0 : great class, she's a young professor and likes to make class interesting through music videos, articles, and class discussions. The class is graded on essays and one final project. if you mess up on an essay, don't worry! she'll let you do a radical revision and turn it in 2 weeks after you received your original paper
4.5 : ProffessHeir is literally bae. She is really helpful and its really easy to get an A IF YOU DO THE WORK and go to her for help. She allows revisions on your first two essays since she is a tough grader. She makes class really fun and she is very down to earth. Seriously looked forward to her class all the time. I HIGHLY ADVISE THAT YOU TAKE HER.
5.0 : Professor Tofighi was an exceptional teacher. The amount of work you have to do for your assignments seems extreme but it definitely helps you learn PLSQL. You do not want to miss his lectures as he goes above and beyond to ensure the students fully understand the material before moving on. Do your work, pay attention and you'll get a fair grade.
4.5 : Prof. Tofighi. knows how to explain and break it down for a class that requires work. I came from a background of poor programming skills and this class inspired me to become part of SQL/Oracle. you will learn a lot and He will always be there for students and i wish there was more teachers like him in Mason, ones that connect with students!
5.0 : Professor Amir is the best! Take him if you are a database and programming concentration. He's there to help you. but make sure you do all of the assignments because they are worth 40% my final grade was 84.96. he bumped it up to B.
5.0 : Professor Tofighi is really a down to earth kind of guy, he always tries his best to make sure that you understand the topic and if you still don't then he'll try to explain it in a different way so that you'll understand. The course was heavy on assignments but do them and you'll pass and also ask questions in class will help a lot! Best prof ever
5.0 : Hard course, a lot to cover and so much to do! But very good professor who is there to help you and does everything to make sure everyone got it. Hands on practices in class really help, so you don't want to miss the lectures.
5.0 : Prof. Tofighi is one of the best professors in the IT department at Mason. If you put in the work and show him you are willing to learn then he will make sure you get there. The amount of work required is out of his hands but he does everything he can to help out. Do not miss class or any of the assignments and you will get an A.
5.0 : What I liked about this professor is that he engages us in hands-on activities in the classroom and walks us through them if needed. For a difficult course like this that is taught in the evening, lectures can be boring but engaging in class activities makes you feel like you got it and was able to do it.
5.0 : He really cares for his students. Very helpful, down to earth guy. Teaches from real experiences. Need the book( 2 books for the semester) for the hands-on Assignment and Practice problem questions.
5.0 : Really good professor, he knows what he is teaching. Has a lot of experience. Has an answer for any question you have regarding plsql. Really good programmer. They give him 2 chapters per session so he rushes sometimes but he still explains every single slide. Anybody can get an A if you dont miss class and really are into programming.
4.0 : A lot of assignments. Each assignment takes 2-4 hours and theres like 2-3 assignments each week. Plenty of quizzes but can take as many times until you are satisfied with grade. Grading on assignments are easy. Tests are SUPER HARD. Hands on in class helps, and he is there to help in class too. U have to spend at least 12 hours a week on this class
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors at Mason. Very polite and cares about his students. Attendance isn't mandatory but definitely helpful during the second half since the practice problems will be very helpful to doing the free response. There is a lot of homework but definitely helps you learn the material. Helps for getting a SQL certification.
5.0 : This course will require you to put in work. But professor Amir Tofighi lectures helps you to understand the material. He gives good real life examples of the material. Furthermore, he goes into detail instead of just reading slide for slide like most professors do. Hands down the BEST PROFESSOR in Mason IT department!
5.0 : IT 314 require a lot of effort if you are new to database but this professor explain each concept carefully. You can even ask any doubts via email or in person, he is easily accessible.
5.0 : Yes this class is a lot of work BUT if you do all of the assignments, come to every lecture, and ask for help you will do great in this class. Professor replies quickly to emails and tries to help everyone. He gives real life examples to help better understand the material.  He's also very funny! DON'T FORGET TO DO EVERY ASSIGNMENT!!!
5.0 : Excellent instructor. Very patient and uses real life examples to drive concepts home. You can tell from the way he teaches that his objective is to make sure that students understand what he is teaching.
4.0 : Great instructor! IT314 involves A LOT of work, but Professor Tofighi does a great job of explaining the material. The lectures cover a lot of info, but he narrows down what can be expected for the assignments and the exams. Also, Professor Tofighi responds promptly to email, and he's always happy to answer questions or concerns about the class.
5.0 : Amazing professor, really cares about everyone in the class learning about SQL and PL/SQL but be wary. The amount of homework for this class is ridiculous (overall homework counts as 30% of your grade) and the homework is graded pretty harshly. Weekly the homework took me about 6-8 hours so be prepared to read the textbook and finish the hwk.
4.0 : Super nice guy and cares about his students
5.0 : Professor Bizri is the best. She made class more interesting because you can tell she was really passionate about what she taught. As long as you go to class, take notes, and pay attention you will pass the 3 quizzes and the final exam and There is only 1 paper you have to write.
5.0 : TAKE HER! She is seriously the best professor I've had so far. She made me find history more interesting. If you pay attention, do the work, do the extra credit you can get an A+. She really cares about her students and she takes the time to know everyone's name, unlike other professors. There was only 1 paper,  3 quizzes,  and final.
4.5 : This professor will go out of her way to meet with you. The lectures are engaging and very conversational. She related the material back to current events. She describes history in way that makes you understand and really care. Many quizzes, at least once a week. Alot of reading. 3 papers. You must participate in a twitter board weekly. Great Prof!
5.0 : Awesome professor! Love her! She is so nice and she can actually help you for papers and quizzes. And she gives extra credits so take it with her!
4.5 : She's really helpful when u go to her office hours and if your stuck on the papers she will help and give you suggestions. GREAT PROFESSOR
4.5 : She is very helpful if you are stuck on something. I went to see her during her office hours and she clarified things for me. I didn't like history before taking this class, she made it engaging and fun! I definitely would take another class with her as my professor
5.0 : Very enjoyable professor who is very passionate about history and teaching. She cares for her students and wants them to succeed. There is a midterm and a final, a few quizzes, an essay, an in-class group discussion, and a number of different homework and reading assignments but they're all manageable. I would definitely take her again if I could.
3.0 : YOU HAVE TO WRITE YOUR OWN NOTES. There's no powerpoint presentations either. She doesn't give you notes instead she uploads a very large vocab list on Blackboard. Only one paper to write. This class requires you to buy 6 small literature books which was an annoyance. She tries to make the class interesting but I wouldn't take her again.
5.0 : Professor Nizri, is a little bundle of joy, always laughing and  in a good mood. Very passionate about history and tries to make lectures as least boring as possible. 10/10 reccomend.
5.0 : Professor Bizri is a passionate, outspoken feminist who doesn't try to sugarcoat the ugly parts of history. She has me hanging onto her every word each class and I hope to love my future career as much as she clearly loves talking about history. I could listen to her talk all day and love her sooooo much!!
3.0 : Professor Bizri is good at making World History short and sweet. If your not interested in the subject all that much then she's the right professor. She gives really great feedback if you approach her after or before class. The quizzes are pretty easy as well.
5.0 : If you show up to class and take notes you will pass. Just do the work required on time.  She answers any questions you may have thoroughly and helps you whenever you need it. She's a really nice professor and she's a  jolly and kind person. She's one of the Best teachers I've had in like all of my school years and the course is easy if you listen.
5.0 : she's awesome
5.0 : This professor is amazing. She is super passionate about history and makes history fun and interesting. Im in her western civ 101 class now and I want to take her again for 102. Come to class, do the homework (which is super easy btw) and take notes and you'll pass. I would HIGHLY recommend her to anyone thinking about taking her class.
4.5 : She is a very passionate teacher. She seems pretty knowledgable about the material. Reading is a HUGE part of this class- there is one every week. The midterm wasn't bad and the papers help your grade alot. The one negative to the class is that she has no powerpoint or visuals so you really have to pay attention to what she is saying.
4.5 : Professor Bizri's class was interesting because she is obviously interested in what she teaches. She sometimes goes off track, but usually the comments she makes are funny. She was really helpful when big assignments were coming up. There was one quiz a week (but on a random day), so going to class was beneficial.
5.0 : I might be biased since I like history in general, but I loved the way Mr. Bizri in general. If you're looking to pass your gen ed or have a great time, take her :)
5.0 : Best history teacher i've ever had.
5.0 : Bizri is amazing!!!   She loves talking about history and anything geeky or nerdy.  You have to read three graphic novels that are super easy to read and they are discussed in class.  Her lectures are engaging and easy to follow.  She is there for all of her students regardless of the issue and she is willing to work with her students.
3.0 : Her lectures were  interesting, but she gives no outlines or power points of any kind, so you really just have to listen and take notes yourself. Her papers can be pretty confusing but shes willing to help if you ask. I personally would not take this again. Overall I didn't get much out of this. My suggestion would be to switch prof if possible
5.0 : I took this class as an elective and I really enjoyed the class. Professor Bizri is a super fun professor and really cares for her students. Her class has a lot of reading, but class discussions are lead by the readings. Other than the final, she has no tests, just a couple of papers. I would highly recommend her if youre a hist major / any major
5.0 : Bizri is an amazing professor! You can tell she's very knowledgeable about her field, and her passion is shown when she is teaching. She is very accessible and will help you with any problems. The class consisted of reading quizzes once a week, 2 exams, and about 3 essays. Just show up to class, pay attention, and you will be granted an easy A!
5.0 : I took this class for Mason Core and LOVED this class. She is is a super fun, and funny as Hell and really cares for her students. Has ALOT of work like readings, discussion boards, history tweets, and graphic novels but completely manageable. Other than final exam, has no tests, 1 long paper, easy final project, and 3 quizzes (study for them).
5.0 : Took her for ATEP 300. She is a great professor. she gives quizzes and homework but they all pertain to the lecture and are very helpful. just be respectful, show up to all the classes and you will be fine. She explains lecture very well and involves her students. she takes pride in her work and the ATEP major. I would take her again for sure.
5.0 : She is a very good professor who makes you work for your grade.  She helps a lot but wants you to understand the material.  Quiz every class or every other class, 3 palpation exams, and 3 written exams.  Good amount of homework and must prepare for the class. Put in the effort and you'll get a good grade.  Best professor I've had at Mason
5.0 : Excellent instructor! She is very patient and will work with you until you understand it.
5.0 : He's amazing!!! His class is easy as long as you put in the work :) he allows a mini notecard for exams. Two exams total, weekly homework and 1 group project. He's very nice and is willing to help walk you through anything that you don't understand. LOVE THIS PROFESSOR I wish all professors were like him!! I would def take again
4.0 : This class is not an easy A, but it's doable. Weekly homeworks, one midterm and final + one huge group project. As long as you do the work and show up, you'll be okay. He allows one notecard for both exams, but you still need to know the material. He doesn't give a lot of feedback, so be prepared to work hard on your own. Lectures are cut short :)
5.0 : Professor Kieran is awesome! He works for he health dept. and knows what he is talking about! Super funny which made lectures enjoyable! 2 tests (easy if you study), 1 easy group project, 10 homework assignment (easy if you attend class).
5.0 : Professor Kiernan was exceptionally good. I really enjoyed his lectures. I think the fact that he actually works at a health department as an epidemiologist really displays his passion for what he is teaching. His assignments weren't hard. The exams will definitely be hard if you don't study, but he does give study guides. I passed with an A.
4.0 : Jim Lepore is a phenomenal professor for Afro Latino.  You will be working out A LOT!  You will be sweating and out of breath, but it is so much fun.  He does give out quizzes, but he lectures the material on quiz before hand.  Quizzes are straight forward, but STUDY or you will fail.  Participation is KEY to pass.  Overall the class is fun.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is one of the few professors at the university who truly cares for the well-being of her students. She encourages students to not only learn but apply the materials to real-life scenarios. It is a shame that she only teaches 3 classes. If all professors within the dept are like that, we would have happy students coming to class.
5.0 : I have been a student of Professor Snyder's for three semester so far. The last two were for an internship sponsored by her. Though I am GOVT major, she goes all out to accommodate her students because she wants them to proactive and step out of your comfort zone. If I could, I would take her again in heartbeat.
5.0 : The BEST Professor EVER!
5.0 : Amazing professor! Does everything to make sure her students are successful. Will help you get an A+ by offering extra credit. Always available and resourceful for her students.
5.0 : She is the best professor I've had by far!  She does everything possible to make sure her students are successful.  The assignments are clear and easy to handle.  Very understanding and will go out of her way to help in any way she can.  TAKE HER!
2.0 : Boring class. I didn't learn much but the class was not hard. She reads from the slides.
5.0 : She's very down-to-Earth and understanding.  Class is engaging if you choose to participate, but it is a LOT of written work.  Didn't learn much in the class, but she didn't design the lesson plan, so the other profs might be the same. Lets you turn in everything late, but don't let it stack up or you'll be swamped. 1,000 chances for extra credit.
5.0 : I honestly don't know why some students are giving her a hard time because she was one of the most interesting professors I have had. She had about four guest speakers come in and allowed for learning in the real-world. Yes, there are many writing assignments, but they replace the exam and she gives ample time to get them done.
2.0 : Really nice but her set up for the class this semester was awful. You basically have a paper every week. She requires 3-5 paragraphs per week, and sometimes double that. It's really pretty mindless writing and busywork. The paragraph requirements mean you have to fluff and ramble. Hella lenient grading and due dates doe.
5.0 : I love her! She is the best professor at Mason! She tries so hard to make teaching and learning so fun. She ties in everything that we learn in class to everyday situations. She offers A TONNN of extra credit. Yes, there are assignments every week that are about 3-4 paragraphs, but they make up for not having any exams or quizzes. AMAZING LADY 3
5.0 : As a HAP major, i always view GCH classes as a treat, and this class was exactly that! The topics are not always the most interesting but she does a great job of spicing them up with videos, guest speakers, and even the occasional snack. The weekly assignments are easy to fall behind on but she is flexible with due dates. Tons of extra credit too!
5.0 : Very kind and understanding teacher. She really wants everyone to do well! Writing heavy class- but there are extra credit opportunities and going to class makes the work easier.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is an absolute gem. I've taken two classes with her and wish she taught more so that I could continue with her. She's an amazing professor who sees the best in all. She makes the Lectures fun so it's never a dull moment. No exams! Couple of journals but definitely take her if you can' you won't regret it!
5.0 : Prof. Snyder is AMAZING! She really cares about you and is super flexible w/ deadlines. Just keep on top of the weekly journals and case studies and you'll be fine. No exams at all. You will need the textbook for some of the assignments. Multiple guest speakers and videos so its not always lecture. Seriously, take her and you won't be disappointed!
5.0 : She is one of my favorite professor at mason. She is very very flexible with deadlines, easy grader, and such a funny person. The class consists of written assignments and a term paper. No exams. She will give out TONS of extra credit. She drops some assignments and gives bunch of opportunities to boost up your grades. HIGHLY RECOMMEND TAKING HER
5.0 : Professor Snyder was great! She offers an abundance of extra credit making failing a true effort. Term paper as a final, attendance is necessary, open book exams, and hilarious. Great lectures and lots of interesting content, overall great professor.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is the best professor I have ever worked with in George Mason University. She gives a large amount of extra credit, great feedback to her students because she cares for them and their successes. She is one of a rare professor you will ever find. She grades her students on their effort and perseverance.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is the best professor you'll ever have at George Mason! She has a wonderful personality and genuinely cares about her students. Mason should have more professors like her! She grades students on their effort and dedication, and not like a robot.
5.0 : She is a lifesaver! For a level 300 class the work load is smaller than the other class. Writing intensive, however it is crucial to be able to write well in a college level. Learned more with her than any other professors!
5.0 : Professor Snyder is so sweet and caring, and will work with you to make sure you get a good grade. There is no reason to not get an A because she offers a ton of extra credit opportunities. There is one group project and one term paper but if you start in advance you'll be fine. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : Professor Snyder is amazing! There's no reason you shouldn't get an A in this class, so many opportunities for extra credit! Lectures are quick, interesting, and to the point. She's fun to listen to! One easy group assignment and individual paper on a topic of your choosing.
4.5 : No textbook and the Professor is amazing. I would take a class with her again if I could.
5.0 : At first I thought this class would be terrible because it is a literature and health class but I loved it. She pics good texts and gives great feedback and extra credit so it is almost impossible not to get an A.
4.0 : Professor Shannyn Snyder is a great professor who makes sure students understand the materiel by giving extra extra credits opportunities not only to improve your grade, but also to find interesting information out on the field and professional settings. Shannyn can provoke your curiosity to find real life experiences with your own research.
4.5 : group project was super fun, you can tell she is a passionate professor and loves to teach and make you learn. She also let students know about different opportunities to get involved in their interests.
5.0 : This was one of my favorite classes at George Mason. It was extremely informative and eye-opening, and I am an even more conscious person than I was prior to taking the class. Though there is group work and a term paper, I do not remember taking any tests &amp; Professor Snyder offers PLENTY of extra credit opportunities!
5.0 : I interned for Professor Snyder in Spring '15 for her website, WaterHealthEducator. I loved the freedom the internship provided. The majority of work was performed online, so I was able to take 3 other courses simultaneously. Shannyn was very helpful and supportive throughout the internship! If given the chance, I would do it all over again!
5.0 : Professor Snyder is a great and always encourages you to participate and learn outside the  class. Definitely take the time to get to know her, she is a great resource!
5.0 : This class was my community health  elective. There is a lot of reading but all the books were interesting and it was nice to learn about community health in a different light. Professor Snyder uses a variety of teaching methods to keep the class interesting and had in person opportunities since it was an online class ( for extra credit )
4.5 : After taking GCH 360 with Professor Snyder I interned with her for GCH 498. I learned so much from her and she has continued to be there for me long after graduation . She really helped to bring these environmental issues from the classroom into the real world for me.
5.0 : Shannyn is awesome and gives so much extra credit that (if you just give the effort) it's impossible not to do well in the class. One major group project and one term paper at the end. All tests are online!
5.0 : Professor Shannyn is absolutely wonderful -she's passionate about her work and what she teaches. Lectures are always interesting, she keeps it real with you &amp; appreciates student work ethic. Never a dull moment in class and I cannot stress how much you get out of it. Overall a good-spirited, helpful professor!
5.0 : This class is so amazing. There is extra credit, and a lot of it. The tests are open note, the homework is easy. AND Professor Snyder believes in service learning and provides plenty of opportunity for students to participate outside of class for extra credit. Night class always ended early. Super interesting class. One of my favorites at GMU!
5.0 : Professor Snyder was a great professor. She cares a lot about environmental health and how it affects individuals. We watched a lot of interesting videos and read interesting articles. Her tests were take home and online and could be done over several days.
5.0 : One of the best professor i took so far, very generous, sensitive towards her students and flexible too. She loves teaching and want to help her students to succeed. Lots of extra credit in her class and get opportunity to work in community too. Loved her class. She is a must take.
5.0 : I was skeptical about taking Professor Snyder based on the 2 bad reviews &amp; honestly I'm SO glad I'm taking her class. She is amazing, sweet, understanding, &amp; funny. Her class is SO easy. It's an easy A just do the assignments. Lots of extra credit opportunities so definitely take advantage &amp; you'll have an A. No exams. No presentations.
5.0 : Best Professor EVER! She respects and understands her students. Would definitely take her class again if I could.
4.5 : Great professor.  Easy A.  Attendance counts but she gives tons of extra credit that can make up for it easily.  Really funny and understanding, would definitely recommend.  Easy and enjoyable class.
5.0 : I took 2 classes with Snyder (GCH 360 and 376) and she is an amazing professor.  While you need to put effort in to get an A, she is very flexible and makes her class fun and not stressful.    There's a decent amount of writing, but she just wants students to learn and grasp the concepts to apply to the real world. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Best professor at mason. Such a caring, kind, genuine person who wants the best for all her students. Gives good amount of work but they substitute for exams. Lots of Extra Credit. Material is not hard at all. Gives you the opportunity to re-send anything that she thinks needs alittle fixing. Absolutely love her!! Definitely recommend taking her!
5.0 : My major is community Health and this course was required. She is amazing! she is very kind, supportive, and positive! there are no exams or quizzes for this class but there are home works for each chapter. she is an easy grader and home works are not hard! TAKE HER CLASS! i did all the home work and I got an A+
5.0 : Prof. Snyder is amazing.  Just do you work and pay attention in class.  Weekly writing assignments + term paper + lots of extra credit  happy student, happy professor.
5.0 : Professor Snyder will forever be one of my top professors at GMU! She is very caring, and really does care about her students. If you ask for help, she will do her best to help you. There are weekly assignments, but if you go to class they are easy to do. A bunch of EC and one term paper. This class really pushed me to love Global Health even more.
5.0 : Easiest class ever. All you have to do is blackboard posts answering questions about lectures that she posts on black board. She does count attendance, but cancels class 3-6 times a month. No tests. 8 page research paper in place for a final, but its not that bad if you give yourself a week to do it. Take her if you can she's so cool.
5.0 : Assignments are really simple if you put in just a bit of effort. Her lectures are quite short and she sometimes gives you Friday off. I liked her sense of humor, as well as her flexibility and understanding. No exams, just a research paper at the end. Not a tough grader. Would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Best class ever. She understands that we have other classes and is leniant on due dates. No tests, no presentations. Show up to class, do the work, and youll get an A.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is absolutely amazing. Although there are a lot of assignments she makes things very interesting. Shes extremely helpful and takes the time to work with you if there is something you don't understand. Not once did I ever feel like there was something I couldn't accomplish in her class. She is extremely helpful. Take her class!
4.5 : I've take two course with Shannyn Snyder, one course was online and the other met face to face. I took Community Health Literature and Health Ethics, Leadership, and Advocacy with Snyder. Both courses were electives for my calendar year, but I found them extremely informative and interesting.
5.0 : She is fabulous. I look forward to taking her again in Gch320 (online). She is funny, nice, and interesting! The midterm and final were online. She offers extra credit- take advantage of it! She gave us gloves for the winter, how sweet? Take her because you'll love her! 3
5.0 : Professor Snyder is amazing. She is very kind and helpful which makes it easy to go to her with any questions. Her assignments aren't too bad some can be lengthy but after all it is a 300 level course and she gives you more than enough time to do it. I would take her again for sure she's awesome!!
5.0 : Professor Snyder is amazing. She is very kind and helpful which makes it easy to go to her with any questions. Her assignments aren't too bad some can be lengthy but after all it is a 300 level course and she gives you more than enough time to do it. And also she gives extra credit assignments. She's great! Take her again? YES!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Extra Credit and homework is just about everything in this class aside from the 10 page paper. Don't be alarmed because you have AMPLE time to get it done. I do not encourage slacking off as you can easily get behind. Her presentations are so interesting because she's able to tell you personal experiences. This class is doable with 3 other classes.
5.0 : She is the professor at GMU!!! Take her
5.0 : An amazing professor with real world experience in this field, makes herself available and is quick to reply back to any question. Great lectures with guest speakers, extra credit is available in different forms and is given throughout the semester. Do not procrastinate because this class goes by quick and you'll end up having to do a lot of work.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is one of my favorite professors I've had throughout my academic career. She is extremely personable and friendly and her lectures are always engaging. She does not have exams, however, she does have weekly assignments as well as a term paper. I highly recommend taking Prof. Snyder she is amazing!
5.0 : Prof. Snyder is AWESOME. She is nice, understanding, there for you, funny, helpful, clear, knowledgeable and well, awesome. I wish she taught all the GCH class because I would only take her. She's passionate and really goes above and beyond to help us learn. She wants you to get an A. And she makes a boring subject into an interesting semester.
5.0 : TAKE THIS TEACHER! SHE IS SERIOUSLY THE BEST! Fair grader, very kind, funny, and smart. Makes the lectures interesting. Clear grading criteria. Very respectful and understanding.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is very engaging and personal. Your grade is based on weekly assignments and a term paper which personally helped me really learn the material rather than memorize it for tests. She is incredibly caring and offers many extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is one of the best professors at Mason. We need more like her! She's so sweet and understanding. Lectures are fun, lots of extra credit opportunities, assignments are easy but they help you learn, no exam/quizzes/presentations. She'll even bring donuts for her Friday classes! Just take her you won't regret it!
5.0 : Dr. Snyder was one of the best professors I had. She is very thorough in explaining the material, gives a lot of homework in the form of essay questions (but it's worth it because it helps you learn), gives a ton of extra credit that you could add on a resume, and is very understanding. She is Awesome! Take her.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is a highly respected professor in the GCH department. She is incredibly laidback and genuinely cares about the students. Although lectures can be dull due to a lack of student participation she brings a lot of real life experience and examples to class. If you have the opportunity to take her DO IT!
5.0 : Professor Snyder is awesome! She's incredibly caring and encourages open discussion in class. She offers many opportunities for extra credit, and there are no tests or quizzes. Graded work includes reflective journals, case study questions, and a project with a partner (with no presentation). I highly recommend her, she's a great professor!
5.0 : Prof. Snyder is amazing. She is one of the most caring instructors I've met, she'll really make you feel like she's your best friend! There's online assignments that aren't hard but do take some time. One 10 page paper at the end. She offers a TON of extra credit so it's impossible to fail if you try! Can't wait to take her again.
5.0 : Prof. Snyder is pretty cool and awesome. She has interesting stories. Although attendance is pretty much mandatory, unless you want easy points deducted from your grade, you can still skip 2 classes and not get penalized. This year she did weekly assignments instead of exams, which are WAY more forgiving than exams. Totally recommend her
3.5 : easy easy A, show up to class you must sign in, there are a few quizzes that he will go over before you take it, group project is most of your grade which is awesome because it is a pass fail and everyone in the class passed because they put in effort, midterm and final, sends out the questions before hand so you can study. Take him! Buy the book,
4.0 : Easy A class, one large group project that is done throughout the semester. Show up to class to get credit, bi-weekly quizzes, extra credit, and minimal reading. All of the reading is from one textbook, it's super easy to read, and the quizzes are based off of the readings. Lectures just go over the readings. A fun guy to teach class.
5.0 : He has an interesting teaching method that revolves around a group project. At first most people don't understand the project because it is so easy everyone was over thinking it. He is a great guy and as long as you show up to most classes, you will get an EASY A
5.0 : Professor Thomas is a awesome teacher with a unique teaching style. Show up to class and take the quizzes, these will be your study guides for the mid-term and final.  You will learn in his class, but you must try.  He is extremely approachable, and he is always willing to help students.
5.0 : This prof was the real deal. He works you hard, but you'll learn a lot, and he opened my eyes to a lot of problems about the world. I agree with the comment below though, he's pretty left wing, but he liked arguing with us and he was always respectful. I learned a lot just listening to him debate with other students.  Best class I've ever taken.
5.0 : Probably my favorite classes that semester, even though it was just a gen ed requirement. He doesn't take attendance but it's really important to go anyways because there are a lot of points in the notes that aren't in the powerpoint.  He definitely leans liberal, but has some really interesting opinions and I absolutely loved his lectures.
5.0 : Dave is one of the best professors at Mason! He makes class enjoyable with his humor and real life implications. He gives lots of helpful feedback for all assignments. He made me decide to be a Global Affairs major because his class was that good!!
2.0 : Dave is a cool dude but not a cool grader. So many LONG readings and Blackboard discussions are mandatory. Very lecture heavy so prepare to take notes. No tests just a syllabus quiz, one midterm take-home paper, an annotated bibliography, and a reflection paper. Class is required for my major (GLOA) but regretted taking it as a sophomore.
2.5 : You HAVE to go to class because what he says in class is not on the power points at all and if you find the definitions else where it's probably not what he is looking for. It's pretty fast pace so you only get snippets of definitions so that sucks when it comes to the midterm and the final. Essay are hard but can work with partner.
5.0 : Lectures are interesting, but you most definitely need to come to class to do well since Powerpoints are posted online, but only cover key points. Lots of extra credit opportunities, and prof holds midterm and final review sessions that help a lot. Gives lots of feedback for assignments if you ask too. Prob one of my fave profs at GMU!
4.5 : Super interesting lectures. I learned a lot about globalization and it opened up my eyes to a lot of issues. Prof is very relaxed and likes class discussions. Assignments are a lot of work, but he gives tons of feedback and is good at responding to emails.
5.0 : Dave is really nice, smart, and helpful. If you are willing to put in the effort he will definitely help you out. I believe there are 4 tests in the form of an in class free response, and then papers and quizzes. Nothing too bad. Just attend class and you will get an A for sure. Dave is one of my favorite teachers ever! He's 6'8" and from Alberta.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors in this university. His lectures are not boring at all. He actually makes the topics interesting. He assigns a couple essays that are long (5-8 pages), but gives a lot of feedback.  And to top it off, he has a great sense of humor. Make sure you go to his lectures. I would take his class again for sure.
4.0 : An interesting class. The class is more like a big discussion everyday on the topic or the reading material at hand. He has strong communist opinions but he's also open to hearing counterarguments. The class has a lot of discussion board questions and responses that you have to do. there's a final project, Don't procrastinate on it!
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors I've ever had. He's honestly amazing on so many levels, do be prepared to take notes they literally show up on basically everything. So showing up would be in your favor. Definitely suggest taking this or any course with him.
5.0 : Really enjoyed his class. I'm a Global Affairs Major, and I learned loads from him.  I'll happily take another class of his.
4.5 : Dave is a wonderful teacher.  He cares about what he's teaching about and wants his students to care, so he makes lectures interesting and informative.  You'll definitely learn something.  You do one or two papers and four written tests, but all his material is straightforward.  One of the most pivotal classes I've taken here at Mason.
4.0 : He's a pretty tough grader to be honest. I enjoyed his lectures but his strong opinions get in the way of actual teaching sometimes. The annotated bibliography is a pretty big task so work on it over the second half of the semester it cannot be done the night, or even the week before it's due! Overall, I would take him again though!
5.0 : I'm only a freshman, but so far this has been my favorite class.  Prof. Zeglen has a really good sense of humor and always keeps the class engaged with questions and discussion. There are a couple papers and four tests spread out but if you come to class and follow the readings you can do really well.
5.0 : Prof. Zeglen is great professor. He assigns a lot of readings, but he is very thorough in his expectations, lectures, assignments, tests, etc. He is always available to answer questions and he gives you every tool succeed you just have to put in the effort. This is not a 'skate by' class and you need to attend regularly, but it's worth it.
5.0 : Amazing class! Prof. Zeglen is really funny, and made globalization an enjoyable topic. I'm a business major and wasn't sure about this class, but now I'm thinking about changing my major to Global Affairs. Be sure to attend class since he gives lots of test hints and definitions that aren't in the readings.
5.0 : Dave (he prefers Dave over Professor) is by far my favorite professor. His lectures are actually fun and very well laid out. I would take a class with him again. Note: Dave is a very very very liberal socialist-- even though he attempts to hide it. I'm very very conservative but it was interesting hearing his views.
5.0 : Professor Zeglen is a  great professor, he cares about what his students learn and is there for you when needed,  I wish he could teach all of my classes.
5.0 : Journalism Law.  He definitely knows what he's talking about. Lots of real world examples to help me understand
5.0 : really great teacher for those new to oil painting or not! eases class in with demonstrations and a Bob Ross approach before setting you loose to pick your own topics. great feedback, too. just don't take this or ANY painting class without being prepared to drop 200ish bucks on paint and other supplies.
5.0 : Nathan was awesome! His Painting 1 class is fun, engaging, and educational. His work as an artist is admirable and he is willing to give any tips and tricks when it comes to painting.
4.0 : Professor Loda is very nice and I enjoyed being in his class. He was pretty funny and laid back, but beware, he's not an easy grader. It's difficult to get an A in his class if you're not good at drawing to begin with. Other than that, he'll give you a lot of good feedback which can help you improve as an artist.
4.0 : Fairly easy-going. Doesn't get angry, like at all. Being pretty young, he relates to his students well. He's also pretty understanding if you have problems with anxiety and depression.
4.0 : You have to attend class to pass. He gives you good feedback.
3.5 : He is a nice guy but he was not very clear with his assignments. He didn't take attendance. He was tough grader, I never got a 100% on any of the projects although I spent over 5 hours working on it. Also he assigned homework but never checked it so that was a waste of my time, but over all this class was easy especially since i took art in HS.
5.0 : Amazing TA! Great communication. So approachable. Tells you exactly what she wants to see in assignments and great at responding to email. Breaks the papers down into manageable sections and gives good feedback. TAKE!
5.0 : Professor Hauser is one of the best professors I've had! He really engages the class in discussions regarding current events &amp; ethical dilemmas that really make you think. Do the readings, come to class, participate and you will do great!
5.0 : Definitely one of the most intellectual professors I've had from GMU.   For those who are wondering he does require attendance and participation.  There are no quizzes but there are two exams (which are easy if you STUDY his notes and the book) and a small group presentation.  He is an awesome teacher and I would definitely take this class again!
4.5 : One of the easiest classes ever if you just do the work. I didn't pay attention to any of the classes, and still passed easily. She gives extra credit if you need it, but if you honestly just do the work, and show up to class, you should get an A.
4.0 : Very patient to make sure all students understand the course.
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class, and it was a mandatory requirement. 4 papers, longest only 5-7 pages. Final is a brief summary paper of your semester's work - pretty easy. There's one presentation from the textbook, but readings are short and interesting. We got out early almost every class. She's really kind and wants her students to do well!
4.5 : Great professor but you still have to put in work to receive a good grade!
3.5 : I liked Dr. Marvel's class.  He is a humble guy which is refreshing.  Don't be fooled, he knows his stuff very well.  The class was fun.  It is a graduate course so you do have to read.
5.0 : He's a really great professor. Attendance is a must. No text books are needed, he has everything you need and perfectly laid out for you. Definitely worth the time and money. This was my first semester of graduate school. Loved it more than my undergrad!
4.0 : No textbooks, instead relying on recent research. So no book costs. Interesting material but not always comprehensive of the topic. Assigned readings are supplemented in class with other research (not on test). Some students don't like this because its not as clear-cut, though I enjoyed reading research over text books. Good class. Would take again
5.0 : Great prof.  Funny and interesting.
5.0 : Professor Vlaun teaches her online class better than any of my other instructors teach in the classroom!  My favorite class!
5.0 : Awesome!
5.0 : The best professor I have had at Mason.
5.0 : Health care is my passion and professor Vlaun has given all of us a great start in our chosen field.
5.0 : Vlaun is a very sweet professor and truly cares about her students' success in her class. There's video lectures and a discussion board reflection due each week, a midterm test, a short paper, and a partnered project with a video presentation for the final. I highly recommend this class!
5.0 : I had this professor for GCH 350 online and it was the best time ever. This professor is somone you need to get if you want to get the true experience in Public/ Community Health. Awesome!
5.0 : Prof. Vlaun is the best professor that I've ever had. That says a lot considering that I went to NVCC before GMU. She's super helpful and her assignments are straight to the point/simple. I enjoyed going to her class because it was always fun and she got people to interact without forcing them. Great prof. and one of the sweetest people you'll meet
5.0 : I've taken a class from Professor Vlaun at GM and online, and both were well taught and fun.  Her online lectures are easy to follow and she takes time to respond to EVERY entry.  I hope she's returns to main campus soon.
5.0 : Attendance and participation aren't mandatory but are a part of your grade. There are very few assignments: one class project, one group project,  a midterm paper, and final paper, and readings for each class. Her expectations on all assignments are very clear and she's not a hard grader, so as long as you do the work for them, you're golden!
5.0 : Fun class.  I wish we had more professors like her.  She brings in a lot of outside experts from government and the private sector and she has actually worked in the health care field.  I will take more classes from her in the future.
5.0 : LOVE HER. One of the best profs I've ever had at mason. Class consists of weekly discussion boards, a midterm (easy-open note), a health education source critique, a lesson plan, and a lesson plan presentation. Seems like a lot but shes an easy grader so just do everything and follow the directions- you're bound to get an A. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Definitely take her if you have the chance. I had her for Social Psychology and it was a breeze. Very straight forward tests, not much homework other than a couple of article summaries which aren't hard. The atmosphere of the class was very relaxed, she'd crack jokes and it was easy to make comments.
5.0 : This instructor is amazingly kind. I'm telling you, she understands the amount of stress students go through. If you do not attend this lecture you will be okay as long as you study from the slides she uploads online. However, you will be missing out 10-15 extra credit point opportunities she usually mentions in class. 5 exams in total, drops one.
5.0 : There is absolutely NO teacher that compares to Professor G! She is SO kind and has the best sense of humor in the world! You can tell that she actually cares about her students, and if you just do the work she assigns, you'll do well. Coming to class earns extra points, and if I could take her for every class I would! Love this woman so much!!!!!!
5.0 : FANTASTIC prof. She's the entire reason I'm going for a psych minor. This was, without a shadow of a doubt, the best class I've taken across four years and three colleges. I actually WANTED to get out of bed for this one. I love her. Take her if you can. I lost a grand total of two points in the entire class because my final paper was 1 page short.
4.0 : Mrs. Gadzichowski was a really nice teacher, she really cared and had some interesting stories and activities. Honestly all you really have to do is show up to class to get some participation points in minor group activities and then the tests are online and basically follow her power points. Despite buying the book I really didn't need it.
4.0 : Good Class and Good teacher. She really cares about what she is teaching. Lots of story telling and laughing. 2 exams and 4 assignments. All are relatively easy. Actually try and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Awesome professor, he makes student work hard I wish Bono get more professor like him! who actually can teach instead of failing students.
5.0 : Professor Sid used to be my TA for IT106 and now is a adjunct professor for IT106! He is quite helpful and understanding. I06 is one of most failed classes at GMU and Professor Sid helped me through the class very well. My previous Professor barely taught me much and I had to retake this class. Trust me, TAKE HIM. You'll actually LEARN SOMETHING.
5.0 : One of the toughest classes to take in your undergrad.
4.5 : First of all, this class is NO joke. probably the toughest class you'll ever take in this field. but, thanks to Gupta its manageable. He really helps you out,  Gupta pretty much helps break down each topic until you learn it, the best thing is he will sacrifice his Saturdays to come in and make sure you learn (this guy also curves). TIP: dont skip.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Does everything in his power to help you pass. Take him and you will actually learn something, has a lot of knowledge, all you have to do is ask him! out of all the other prof. i would take him everytime. show up to every class and ask questions, if you dont he wont think twice to fail you.
5.0 : Gupta is a great professor, he will go out of his way to make sure you understand everything. Take him if you can.
5.0 : Was really afraid to take 106 because of the fail/drop rate in that class but Gupta made Java not so scary. He taught concepts very well and gave great feedback. Was willing to help 24/7. Approachable, fair grader and really makes you feel like you can achieve the impossible. Please take him. Fav professor.
4.0 : Dr. van der Ham has a pretty thick accent, but he's still understandable. He explains until students understand him and welcomes questions.  He's really friendly and funny outside of class as well. His PowerPoints are full of pictures, so a laptop to type what he's saying quickly is recommended. iClicker usage almost every class. Awesome professor.
5.0 : I freakin love Dr. Craun!  I hate night classes but I sucked it up just so I could have her as a professor!  She is so knowledgeable--research methods was actually my favorite class just because of her!  Several quizzes, an SPSS assignment, 1 paper.  So upset she won't be teaching again for a while!
5.0 : What a great professor! Not intimidating at all, and is always VERY helpful when answering e-mails and any questions! Highly recommend.
5.0 : Kim is a great professor. She pays attention to her students and really cares about learning. She isn't a tough grader because she understands that Spanish isn't our first language and that we make mistakes. But she corrects your papers and assignments enough that you learn. She's so wonderful.
5.0 : Prof. Martin was a great teacher, especially for those who may struggle with Spanish. All semester she is there to help and can be very generous with grading. Also, email her with questions-she is willing to meet for extra help if you need it! 10/10 would recomend
4.5 : SHe is the sweetest teacher ever! She really cares about her students and grades really easy. She's also really young so the class has a really laid back atmosphere
5.0 : Awesome stats lab TA, will respond to emails and weekly quizzes aren't that bad, pay attention and you'll do fine. wants students to do well.
4.5 : She is one of the most passionate person I know when it comes to Japan! Very knowledgable in her field and loves to talk about random topics. Lectures do get boring as she will go on and on about a certain Japanese topic, but the discussions are some what thought provoking. Easy grader, easy A. Doesn't even give out letter grades on assignments.
4.5 : Dr. Hemman is the best! I've taken multiple classes with her. She is engaging, entertaining,  and very respective of students opinions. It was not a difficult course in trems of workload or testing, but still very informative.  She let me turn in 2 assignments late with no penalty.
5.0 : I took her Japanese Fiction class so there was a lot of reading, but the books were really interesting and the lectures were great. She really cares about everyone and wants to hear everyone's opinions. It's very discussion-driven so attendance is a must. If she can see that you've tried you'll get an A.
5.0 : Its alot of reading and I'm not much of a reader, but the readings were interesting. Her lectures were entertaining and informative. She tries her best to learn everyone's names and encourages everyone to participate. She's lenient on grading pop quizzes and  projects. It's an easy A because I feel like she grades mostly based on effort. Take her!
5.0 : A really great professor! Very intriguing lectures/discussions. She grades very leniently and pop quizzes are a breeze. Expect to read a novel per week, a 6 page midterm paper and a creative/academic paper for your final. Overall the class is an easy A and the best option to fulfill the literature Mason Core.
5.0 : Professor Hemmann is so nice and gentle and it's clear she likes what she teaches. The subject changes each semester but they're always interesting and she's clear on what she expects. Would definitely take another class with her because she's so nice, the topics are interesting, and she gives us snacks and stickers sometimes! She's awesome
4.0 : This was her first time teaching at GMU, and my first time having a non-Japanese professor for Japanese. She knows her Japanese and I personally enjoyed her class.  There was a lot of kanji to learn though. She taught it in English but it seems she'll be changing that. She likes to focus on Japanese feminism and feminism in manga.
4.5 : Christina is so chill and funny! Class was always interesting and had off the wall discussions. Everyone should take a gender studies class and this one was awesome!
5.0 : Christina is literally the best professor I have ever had! She's very engaging and will definitely make class interesting ranging from the discussions to the videos and media she incorporates in the lectures. She was the whole reason I got interested in this field of study and decided to declare my minor in Women and Gender Studies! The Best!
3.5 : She is a pretty young professor but her class is really interesting and easy. A few easy group assignments presentation and a few short individual papers and a collage as the final assignment. We also had to post weekly on the class tumblr. No exams or quizzes. I personally learned a lot of interesting things about representation of women.
3.5 : She is an amazing professor. Her lectures are very engaging and she shows a lot of videos. She is very funny and her class was easy. She made me want to come to class because she was so passionate about what she was teaching.  There are no tests, but there are 3 novels you will read but there great novels, group assignments, and a presentation.
5.0 : Christina is the BEST! She's enthusiastic about teaching, allows for open discussion, provides helpful feedback, never assigns arbitrary assignments, and genuinely cares for her students.
4.5 : She's a nice and easy professor! She uses powerpoints, and has reading assignments for every class (to be honest, I didn't read them - she covers them well enough in class). Two integrative partner essays, team teaching activity with your partner, and a collage due at the end of the semester. Have to read several books for this class. LOVED HER!
4.5 : Kappel is amazing! She's young, hip and know how to stimulate the class with intriguing discussions. She also incorporates modern media to support her lectures. It's a very fun class that I would definitely recommend! There are no testsexams; only 3 easy papers and a final collage project at the end.
4.0 : Make sure you follow all the criteria on the rubric for each assignment. Some papers here and there, but they're easy because they're reflection papers. Make sure you stay on top of all assignments because points add up and it can really affect your grade. 100 question final, but if you memorize the main points of each chapter, you should do ok.
3.0 : Prof. Neilson was a fine teacher. He really respected students and their ideas. The concepts of the class were well taught but he expected a lot of discussion based learning, which rarely happened. The topics were interesting, though not really what I was expecting. More of a journalism course than a technology course.
5.0 : Great professor. Many mediums of learning (news articles, fiction, video, even a video game, in addition to scholarly texts) keep class fresh and interesting. Way too much emphasis on group discussions for my taste, but I liked everything else about his class and teaching style so much that I could tolerate the group work. Really glad I took class!
5.0 : Approachable and organized lectures.
5.0 : My favorite professor this semester. He is a very nice and friendly person and would give you good feedback if you ask him about anything. He is not tough on grading and prefers some participation to create an interesting class discussion and to follow the guidelines set by the course's department.
4.0 : Really great professors, the subject is easy, but the work can be tedious. He is really good at what he does and makes it interesting.
3.5 : He is from New Zealand and has a New Zealand accent. There are a lot of hard concepts and readings involved in this course. The assignments themselves are not too hard but he is a bit of a hard grader, definitely willing to help and learn from his students though. There are a lot of writing assignments but no tests or quizzes.
5.0 : Professor Hare was a great help the whole semester. Assignments consisted of blog posts and papers for the most part. fair and easy as long as you took notespaid attention in class. She helps amazingly to prepare you for all major tests and is clear about when they are.
5.0 : just show up and he will help you!
4.0 : Go to class. Make your life revolve around Java or you will not pass.
5.0 : Very helpful professor. He talks quite fast but he go over all the lecture code and give some scenario to work around code that may be on exam question.
4.5 : Go to class, not only for the attendance boost at the end, but because Professor Pope's lectures are intuitive and information-packed. He will answer your questions in class, or in the worst case will show you examples that he has gone over, which help tremendously. He is a very nice, amiable person - highly approachable, genuine, and  intelligent.
5.0 : This class was the best class ever. It helped me progress in my other classes and understand programming clearer. This class will help you become a better programmer and think outdside the box. The professor was nice enough to take the time to help me. Also he was very understanding to my limitation and understanding due to my education background.
5.0 : Outstanding professor, very helpful with lecture and explaining code.
5.0 : Been at GMU for a while and hes one of the very few professors who genuinely care about the students. He wants the students to learn and tries really hard to make sure they understand. Went into this semester scared as crap for java but he made java very easy. TAKE HIM FOR 206!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!HE IS THE BEST!
4.0 : It's Java part 2, it's going to be difficult. At least Prof Pope is there for you. He will help you out during office hours. He speaks clearly which makes it easy to understand. You can tell he knows his programming languages when going through some examples. Would recommend.
5.0 : This professor is the MAN! Seriously, he'll go out of his way to help which says a lot.  This guy would literally meet me at odd hours during the day multiple times through out the week during his office hours.  Sometimes he would skip lunch to help me during office hours.  BY FAR the best Java professor out there.  Definitely looks out.
5.0 : Brand new professor at gmu but he's amazing. His lectures combine both slides and codes which make them really easy to understand. He's extremely helpful during office hours and is willing to work it out with you in case you have schedule conflicts. Take him if you really wanna learn something from 206!
5.0 : Staszak puts the tenured professors with fancy degrees to shame. You will gain a lot of knowledge about theory and develop skills in the application of what you learn. He's been there and done that, and it shows through his frequent application of the case method of instruction. I took all of his classes and each was superb.
4.5 : This is the second time I've had him and I may take him AGAIN next semester. Class isn't hard (just do the readings and you'll be great!), but it's always interesting and you actually learn. The assignments are all easy if you put basic thought into them and they're always fun :) I never mind doing the work!
5.0 : Tons of experience in the intelligence community and gives great career advice. He incorporates a lot of personal experiences into the lectures so you can look forward to a lot of cool stories, but sometimes long tangents. He pretty much gives you the answers to quizzes so pay attention in class. Final essay is creative writing and really easy.
5.0 : Good guy, but it's your typical "Intro to: XX" class, not far too difficult or exciting of a class. Show up (attendance VERY mandatory), do the readings, write the paper. You'll get an A.
5.0 : I had Staszak for CRIM490/CRIM350 this semester &amp; I loved both classes. He clearly states assignments and is willing to explain more in depth if you're confused. Although terrified (me) of giving a brief in our 490 class, he understands that we won't be perfect and compares the ungraded brief to when you give your graded brief to see improvement.
5.0 : Lots of group work, but they were easy.  No HW! Amazing professor! WILL take again.  He makes class fun and he really cares that you understand what you are learning and not so much that you just pass a test.  Tests are easy if you study and pay attention. You will actually learn in this class and WANT to show up!  he is the BEST professor!
5.0 : Professor Staszak is great. Spent 30 years in the FBI and has a lot of knowledge. His tests are hard, so be sure to study. Overall great professor, this is the second class of his I've taken.
5.0 : Show up and do the work.  You'll get at least a B.  He's fair, and reasonable.  Cares about students.
3.0 : I took Staszak for a summer class and we had 4 quizzes (tests 10 pnts each), Midterm (25 pnts), Final (25 pnts), attendance&amp;participation (10 pnts). He gave extra credit (8 pnts max achievable). His lectures are amazing! Print his ppts and take notes of his in class examples!! You'll see them in the quizzes and exams!  He's easy going and clear!!
5.0 : I have three classes with Professor Staszak during my time here at Mason. He is absolutely the kindest and most caring professor I have ever had. His lectures are always informative and filled with great stories to help you grasp the material. Best of all, he always goes above and beyond to help his students. Take his class. You won't regret it!
5.0 : Awesome professor. He's very nice and truly cares about his students. Takes the roll each class so you better show up. Book not needed so don't buy it. He uses powerpoint.
4.5 : Superb instructor and really knows national and international security matters.  If you like to skip class, don't take him.  He takes a lot of points off a grade for late arrivals and missed classes, and keeps good records on students.  Has good resources to learn from.  I had him for CRIM 312 and CRIM 490 Counterintelligence .  Awesome courses!
4.0 : I love Prof. Staszek, this is the second time I've taken a class with him. His lectures can get off track at times, but he's extremely knowledgeable and good natured. Participation is mandatory but otherwise not a lot of work. Quizzes, a midterm and final, and group work.
4.5 : I'm taking him again next semester; I enjoy him that much. Not a hard class, but fun! Quizzes and tests are easy if you do the reading. A group project, but no group presentation (!!!). He's very encouraging and helpful. As long as you put thought into the final group project, you'll get an A. One of the most warm and friendly profs here.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers ever, he is one of the best and really knows what he talking about. Really cares about his students and the work is very hand on with multiple choice exams. One class he actually dressed up as Santa Clause and we got to interrogate him. (the class was interview and interrogation techniques)
5.0 : Took 3 classes w/ him. Retired FBI,he knows his stuff,and tells interesting stories for advice. Its disrespectful to constantly come to class late--especially for a Top prof like him, plus your grade will hurt from it. Feel honored to take his class. He gets filled up quick so you better add him asap. dont be a slacker and you will pass!
5.0 : Professor Staszak is such a coolsweet guy and awesome professor.  He really cares about his students and is really passionate about teaching.  His class doesn't require you to read until exam time but even then he gives you all the page numbers the exam will be on. I highly recommend this class to anyone interested in the intelligence field.
4.0 : Class is simple if you do the work. There are quizzes, two tests, and a group project. You do have to be in class but he doesn't take long to give the material. Little dull but he's a nice guy and he cares.
4.0 : He tells great stories about his FBI days. The entire class is lecture and hardly no participation, so it can get monotonous. He quizzes about once a week and the questions tend to make you second guess yourself. Book isn't needed until the final exam because he pulls questions directly from there. Still a solid professor!
5.0 : Very experienced and a great resource for getting a job in the IC. Make sure you read as the quizzes and the final draw from the readings. You work with a group for most of the class which can be tedious, but you must participate for a good grade. I took him for CRIM310 and was really happy to have him again.
4.5 : He's a really nice man. Incredibly charismatic and loves to make the class laugh. Your grade is consisted of  4 quizzes and 1 final. 3 of the 4 quizzes are multiple choice and about 12 or 14 questions. The final is hard but it's open notes so it's fair. He also curves so no one should leave less than a C unless you never showed up. Take him!
4.0 : Sarcasticdry sense of humor; entertaining. Believe this is one of the first classes he's ever taught. He means well, has good intentions and strives to make sure students understand everything. Offers plenty of extra credit, but the exams are short answer. However, he basically spells out exactly what you have to study for each exam so it balances
5.0 : John is a great TA. He is so nice to approach to if you need help and makes the class a lot easier. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Great teacher! Very relatable and easy to get along with. He explains the material very well and answers questions clearly. He's always ready to go the extra mile to help a student out!
3.0 : John is super sweet. His grading gets tougher as the semester goes on, but as long as you show consistent effort throughout the semester, you'll most likely get a generous curve. If you ask a question, make sure it's super specific, otherwise he probably won't answer. He definitely gives lots of extra credit, which is nice.
4.0 : John is always willing to elaborate on any comments he makes and is willing to help out in understanding concepts that the lab is on. He gives all the details in the lab lecture and if you are confused on the procedure, he will gladly elaborate on it. He gives out plenty EC which helps out since he is a tough grader on lab reports. would take again
5.0 : Be sure to read the lab handouts before going in to save time.   His pre-labs are great - they offer a conceptual explanation in addition to a concise outline of what needs to be done in the exp. He goes above and beyond in helping students and is willing to sit down and actually explain the material if you are stuck. Lots of EC opportunities.
4.5 : Always there to lend a hand. He's a tough grader, expects a lot from his students. He is respectful and approachable and easy to get along with. He teaches clearly and to the point.
4.0 : Great TA, wiling to go out of his way to help students on concepts they don't understand, grading was tough at first but got better going along the rest of the semester. Choose good lab partners if they allow for groups!
5.0 : Erin is the sweetest and most helpful teacher I've ever had.  If you have a question she'll explain it to you in simple terms that anyone could understand.   I took her for statistics and research methods and both classes she was awesome!
5.0 : Never in my college career have I had a professor that taught as well as Dr. Murdoch. She is absolutely AMAZING at what she does. The clarity with which she teaches is untouchable. Take her for any and everything she teaches!
5.0 : I love Dr. Murdoch classes. She is very nice and respectful. This class was very easy. All we did was portfolio and few assignments due during the semester. She is always there for you. I have learned a lot in this class.
4.5 : Basically, she's fantastic. I spent my academic career thus far hating math of any kind and came to the first lecture absolutely positive that I would fail. She's healed my relationship with numbers and I love stats now. She's a great professor. The class is not easy and you've got to show up, but she makes it worth it (and she brings cookies).
5.0 : she is the best!!!!!! sooo nice and so clear. and super pretty!! easy a if you show up to class, study, and pay attention in class.
5.0 : Murdoch is one of the best professors at Mason. She has a talent for translating mathematical concepts into plain english, and she will always stop or slow down to answer questions and match the pace of the lecture with the pace of her students' learning. If you can help it, take Murdoch.
5.0 : Class isn't mandatory but you must go to class to get points for in class activities. Material is not so tough but you actually have to put in effort to pass lecture. Dr. Murdoch seems really intelligent and she is super nice and accommodating. Lectures are posted on blackboard. She gives study guides/practice problems for the exams.
4.5 : She is amazing, I have always been someone who despises math but I got an A in this class.  After taking STAT 250 aka hell, I was dreading taking PSYC 300 but was pleasantly surprised when I didn't hate it.  Erin is so sweet and very helpful, she explains the concepts in a way that is easy to understand and goes at a slow pace.
5.0 : Dr. Murdoch is truly the definition of a great professor. If you go to her lectures, do the in class assignments and study with her study guide she gives you, you will do just fine. Textbook is helpful to read over before exam. Exams were multiple choice and short answer.
5.0 : I hated research methods but she made it so easy to understand and actually interesting ! I loved her class, she also helped with the lab paper we had to write and gave feedback. She's really sweet and caring, she wants all her students to pass. All her study guides are very helpful too. As long as you do the work and try you will pass
5.0 : Excellent professor. Erin is very caring about her students and if you go to class and pay attention you will most definitely pass with an A or B.
5.0 : She is one of the best Professors at Mason. I have taken PSYC 300 with her and now I am taking PSYC 379 with her and I will take PSYC 301 with her. She is wonderful, always there for you, explains everything perfectly. Very nice, soft spoken perfect Professor. I love her. I Highly recommend her. Statistic was hard for me but she made it easy.
5.0 : She is INCREDIBLE at helping us make sense of math. I love her I'm going to take her for PSYCH 301! One of the most helpful people ever, period. Probably my favorite prof at this school. She's flexible, easy to talk to and always helps us out! I love her my favorite
5.0 : She is an excellent professor and I have a good time taking this online course. If I have any question, I can get answer right away. I would recommend this class to student who wants to take global understanding.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class, and you can tell that Prof Murdoch knows how to teach an online course. The material was interesting, and her tests and assignments helped you understand the key concepts. She's great - I would definitely recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Murdoch is amazing! Her lectures are phenomenal and very detailed. You could probably pass this class without the book, but I keep it around for review at the very least. Tests are challenging, but she prepares you well for them.  She gives short assignments about once a week that count towards participation. Definitely take her if you can!
5.0 : Great professor! keeps the class active with a class survey and experiments to help you understand the material. Tests are somewhat difficult, but if you attend class and pay attention, your fine! never read the textbook btw
5.0 : Professor Murdoch is an excellent teacher and I would highly recommend her for research methods or statistics. She gives occasional assignments so that grades aren't so reliant on exam scores, plus they help you better understand the material. She also tries to make her lectures as interesting as possible, given the banality of the material.
5.0 : Quite literally the best stats professor I have had in college, and I have been to 4.  Murdoch is clear, respectful and super helpful with everything.  She is also pretty cute which makes it easier to pay attention.  I would recommend her to anyone that;s in Psych and hates math, because she makes this class easy and great.
5.0 : This is my second time taking her and she is still amazing as ever! In class assignments (easy), three exams she gives study guides and review sessions for, and participate in 3 sona systems studies. She also offers extra credit. She makes all the material graspable and easy to understand. She's also super sweet and caring. TAKE HER!!!!!!!
5.0 : The BEST professor I've had at Mason. This was her first time teaching here and she was amazing. She is so nice and understanding. Her class is easy and she teaches so clearly. I was so worried about taking a Statistics class but I actually enjoyed it. TAKE HER!
5.0 : This is my third time taking a class with Dr. Murdoch. She's hands down one of the best professors I've had here at Mason. The class is easy as long as you show up and pay attention. She also is very willing to help with lab assignments.
5.0 : I didn't really use the textbook that often but I know other students did on a regular basis. Dr. Murdoch is an amazing professor and she is very understandable when it comes to family emergencies and she will let you make up your work. If you don't understand something then she will explain it to you in detail, you just have to ask her.
5.0 : Dr. Murdoch is amazing! She really cares about her students. The class is easy as long as you pay attention! She gives great reviews for her tests, and makes the  class fun. I can't wait to take her again for Research Methods!
5.0 : I really appreciated learning from Dr. Murdoch.  She is very bright and articulate.  She always had a smile on her face, and was very patient with my mistakes (wrong scantron, forgetting my calculator, using pen - really, I was a mess!).  I'm very grateful to her for her support.
2.5 : The professor was nice, but the class was a challenge. I changed my major this semester, but all I could think about was trying to get through this class. The assignments are simple, yet you have to stay focused or else you're lost. She'll help you if you ask, but if you don't like Statistic, then you're on your own for the most part.
4.5 : Really sweet woman and tries but how far does that really get you.
4.5 : Dr. Storelli is phenomenal! Always there to help and give feedback. Genuinely care about each student and their individual success in the class. Has a hard semester long research project, but has clear expectations from the beginning and gives you all the tools to do well. Don't be misguided by the concept "quizzes" though - these are full exams.
4.5 : She is very helpful. Very nice and respectful. I was very worried about this class going into it, but it ended up not being as bad as I thought. I think she realizes research methods is not a fun class for students, but she made it enjoyable and tries to keep everyone engaged.
4.0 : Dr. Strorelli is a professor who is passionate in teaching. You will definitely learn a lot about globalization from this course. These things include exploitation of low income countries, sex trafficking, and culture expansion. This course requires a lot of reading. Success is dependent on how much you contribute in understanding the material.
5.0 : I really enjoyed the class. She engaged students, was very kind and helpful in answering people's (sometimes ridiculous) questions. Tests were easy if you study the conceptsdefinitions, all multiple choice. I borrowed the textbook from the library and that worked for me,  I personally didn't need it that often. Great professor overall!
3.0 : I've definitely learned more about sociology from her and gained more of an interest in the class. The reading isn't too bad and you have to show up to class because she elaborates on it. However, she isn't the most well-spoken teacher. She's absent-minded, seems to what's going on sometimes, and says "um" more than anyone I've ever met.
3.0 : She is absolute Garbage of a teacher. She doesn't appear to be well versed and literally lectures exactly what was in the readings, yet requires you to read 2 or 3 20 page articles before each class. Her topic Papers are ridiculous and the class doesn't even teach you anything. What a waste of time. Still received an A
4.0 : She tries to engage the class and discuss topics with students in lectures, but does not give students answers the time of day. She is enthusiastic about the topic, but has a short attention span when it comes to students opinions.
5.0 : Dr. Storelli is an excellent teacher. She does have high standards and does require you to do the readings, but that's because she actually wants you to succeed. Her requirements are not unrealistic by any means. She's also very knowledgable and will go out of her way to respond to the needs of the class.  I highly recommend taking her class.
3.0 : Definitely a kind professor who does a good job of encouraging participation and even offers extra credit. Her notes are helpful, but she relies too heavily them. Also, she is not a very open-minded professor, she only seems to listen to things she agrees with. If you take this class, always show up, as she does not post notes to Blackboard.
5.0 : Storelli was a new professor in the Fall of 2014 and her Behavrioral Statistics class was great. Her powerpoints were very thorough and she explained everything well. Attendance is mandatory if you want a good participation grade. She gives assignments every class, but they do not take longer than half an hour to do. I highly recommend!
5.0 : I really liked how she was engaging in the class and the readings were pretty interesting. It is quite a bit of work for a 100 level class, but she lets you use notes for the tests. One big project and 3 tests. Need to show up to class, participate, and read! Overall, great professor.
3.0 : I do feel she is a good professor in the sense that she is very well spoken and knowledgeable. However, expectations for class readings, 4 topics papers, and final exam (essay) are ridiculous. Participation not recorded but attendance is req. because she has pop quizzes to make sure everyone has read. She is also an extremely tough grader!
5.0 : I don't understand how people struggled in this class. Her syllabus is crystal clear, she responds to emails and offers help at any junction, and the readings weren't intense. I found the material to be very interesting and I loved the class. I highly recommend
3.0 : This class was an elective but it was a pain in the ass.  It was not fun and a lot of work. She is a hard grader.  Her finals are two essays in class.  The topics were really interesting, but her lecture was really boring. She read most of her facts from the power point. Her essay questions are demanding.  I would not recommend her at all.
3.0 : Nice lady, but very picky when it came to grading final research proposals and presentations. Proposal had to be 15-20 pages. This class will definitely keep you busy. Homework every week. If you aren't interested in how to do research, this class will be hard. She is there to help, but again, VERY picky and a HARD grader. Pop quizzes as well.
4.0 : This class in itself is a tough subject to explain, so she does do a good job. However, she is a very hard grader when it comes to your research proposal final and presentation. She is happy to help you out but you MUST work for your grade! This is not a class to miss and she does take notice if you care or do not. Work with her constantly!!!
4.5 : Tough class, pay attention.  Know the terms.
5.0 : Very helpful professor. would take her again!! She wants her students to succeed. Talk to her if you are having troubling in class. She will definitively help.
4.5 : She's amazing and tries her best to make everything easier for her students.
5.0 : Prof. Williams is the most sweetest person I ever got the pleasure in meeting. She is just the BEST! Very easy going and ready to give you help. One time half the class didn't have the rough draft and she extended the due date and let us leave class. She honestly tries her best to make everything easier for you. I would HIGHLY recommend. TAKE HER!!
4.5 : Prof. Williams made this class so fun. The lectures didn't seem like lectures and the assignments were a breeze. She's literally always there to talk, whether you want to discuss an assignment or a movie. Everything was laid out plainly in the syllabus. If you want an amazing teacher and a fun learning experience, I would highly suggest her.
4.0 : Would take again
5.0 : Show up to class and do the work and you won't get lower than a C. If you participate and show interest, you should be fine, but don't expect to walk away with an A if you just show up, work is required. Not a hard grader though.
5.0 : best english professor I know. the section where there is the least amount of work, but don't take that for granted. She's a great professor. She grades on attendance and participation. She really cares for her students. Wish she teaches ENGH 302 but she doesn't :(
5.0 : Great professor. Young and easy to talk to. Fun classes and not too much work... pretty easy overall.
4.5 : Otto is my absolute favorite professor at mason and I would have not passed Genetics without his help. Had him for lab as well as lecture and he is surely a tough grader but his way of explaining concepts is amazing! Went to him for help often. Only two exams and a final, and lab is  tough but it is doable. Highly recommend him, he's the best.
5.0 : Professor Otto is close to a perfect teacher. He is so nice &amp; approachable, his lectures are clear, he is articulate &amp; concise when asked to clarify a topic, he makes jokes to keep the lecture light, &amp; he will cheerfully help you if you are struggling. He gives 5 i-Clicker quizzes to encourage lecture attendance.
5.0 : Otto is the best teacher at Mason. He's always there for you if you need any help with any concept he teaches. Go to office hours and I guarantee an A! His lectures are always entertaining to me and I didn't miss any of them at all! It was a 9 AM class, and he was just perfect at explaining everything :)
4.5 : Professor Otto is the best anatomy professor at Mason. I recommend going to every class to better understand the material. There was usually about 80 pages of notes per test and tests are very difficult if you do not make time to study way in advance. Tests are multiple choice and free response. My class average for most tests was a C.
5.0 : Dr. Otto is a very knowledgeable person who is always there if you need help. His exams are killers!!! You need to understand and study real hard to get a good grade but at the end of the semester you know you learned a lot. Take him if you really want to learn :)
3.0 : The first few weeks it was easy. Then she became harsher grader as the semester went on, she takes it too seriously. Try not to get on her bad side, meaning do not mess up in the lab but doing the wrong procedure or using the wrong equipment. She is not forgiving, even though she say she is. YOU HAVE TO WORK FOR A GOOD GRADE! ACTUALLY STUDY!!
5.0 : Quite frankly, I absolutely DO NOT agree with most of the comments. AK is one of the best professors I have ever had. She is not rude, at all. She is funny, witty and makes the class a lot of fun. She emails back almost immediately. It's a 300 level course. Don't expect it to be a breeze. All TAs take their labs seriously like they are supposed to.
5.0 : She rocks! she's hilarious. She is a tough grader but she grades by a rubric, so it's not her fault. But she is a great TA! You will learn in lab.
5.0 : AK is by far the best lab instructor I've had. She's totally there for you and makes things easy to understand. She doesn't grade unfairly and is quick to email back. I know she's not teaching lab next semester at the Fairfax campus but I would definitely recommend taking her if possible!
4.0 : Akanksha is helpful but sometimes it takes forever for her to email you back and if you a have a question she might not get back to you until the class day! But overall, she is helpful and her labs are fun. She makes funny comments that makes the class more interesting.
3.0 : I figured that genetics lab would be a breeze since this would be the second time taking it and I received an A in lab last time and I have all of my previous assignments NOT WITH Akanksha, she takes lab too seriously and is a tough grader She is really nice and is willing to help you with assignments. Tends to be kinda rude when making remarks.
5.0 : The best social work professor I have ever had at Mason. You will learn a lot and look forward to any class you have with her.
5.0 : Professor George is AWESOME. So kind and willing to help anyone who asks. She genuinely cares about your comprehension of the materials. The group discussions are great!
5.0 : I have taken her for SOCW 357, 358, 361, and 362. Professor George is by far the best social work professor that I have ever taken at GMU. The work is straightforward, yet challenging. Her lectures and real life experiences give you a feel to what you may encounter in your future career. I recommend her to anyone who is a social work major.
5.0 : Very organized, very clear about assignments. Gives great feedback on papers. Details what you did well and what needs to be improved and how. Lectures can be long and start to drag, but its easy stuff. Easy, but important - you will need to know this stuff - especially for senior year classes. Her teaching style is very easy to follow. She's great
5.0 : This was my favorite course I've taken all year. It was engaging, fun, and time flew by during.  While fun, keep in mind you are still learning a lot, so it's not just a walk in the park. Professor George is willing to help with almost anything as long as you reach out to her. She is one of the best professors I've had. ATTENDANCE IS A MUST TO PASS
5.0 : She is very clear about what she wants when she grades. The 3 Papers were outlined for us in a clear concise way. She is very energetic and discusses what is important about working with groups. She is fair when grading and all she is looking for is that you are taking the information gained and applying it to the papers. Papers should be concise.
5.0 : Professor George is a wonderful example of what a social worker should be. If you have something going on and need to turn an assignment in late she is very willing to work with you if you talk to her about it. Very fast grader. Gives great feedback. In 358 beware of the Assessment of the Family final paper, it is a challenge.
5.0 : She is an amazing instructor. The lectures are lively, she tells you exactly what she expects on her assignments, and she is very nice/easy going.
5.0 : I took her for SOCW 357 as well. Professor George is awesome. Here 361 class is simple. Do the homework, be in class, and participate. You do all of these things, and you are golden. I recommend her to everyone.
5.0 : Professor George is a great professor, you write five papers and submit two critical thinking questions a week based on the readings. The book for the course is quite small and it's a good read. She cares about her students, providing an abundance of feedback on papers and always ready to answer questions. Put in some work and you'll get an A!
5.0 : she's super nice and understanding. i love her! not only is she a great instructor and knows how to teach but she also is a good person and works with all her students. Only small weekly assignments which are super easy and 3 papers which aren't too bad, you also have to show up to class!! textbook is needed
4.0 : Weekly reading quiz's and several papers. Most people would say the class is not hard but it really is participation goes down if you miss more than 3 classes. The papers are graded quick and gives good feed so you can do better on the next one. She will answer questions if you have them on assignments and help you she wants you to get good grades.
5.0 : Class material was very difficult but she does a fantastic job of making it clear. She also gets across the beauty and order of the mathematics - you can definitely tell she comes from a theoretical math background. 10/10 would take again.
4.0 : Recitation Prof (Grad student). The way she teaches the material is phenomenal. She goes a bit too fast, but if you view the material even a day before the recitation, you will understand everything. She gave review sheets for Tests 2 and 3 which were helpful. She looks irritated when students come to her office hours or ask her questions though.
3.0 : Good teacher. The material on the quizzes is always reviewed beforehand, so they're pretty easy.
5.0 : Dr. Skacel is the best lab professor! She loves to help and is always there for you. She understands you and is easy-going. She doesn't care what you do in class as long as you finish the work that's been assigned! SHE IS AMAZE-BALLS! Take her!!
5.0 : I've had Dr. Skacel for both terms, and she is very knowledgeable, sincere, and invested. It's a lot of material to cram into each lab session and quiz, but she tries to make it more manageable, and she really wants you to do well! I've learned so much! I wouldn't have taken this lab with anyone else.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER. She's amazing and supportive, and she genuinely wants everyone to do well. She tries to scare people away in the first few weeks of class, BUT DON'T GIVE IN, she's AMAZING. She helps and answers questions right away, and I learned more from her than my lecture professor. Makes the class as painless as possible. Must take her!!
5.0 : PROFESSOR SKACEL WAS BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST PROFESSORS I'VE HAD. She always provided us with a lot of resources in order to do good on the quizzes &amp; practicals. TAKE HER! Doing good in anatomy may seem impossible sometimes, but if you manage your time, memorize the anatomical terms list, review the ppt. &amp; look over her resources, you'll survive!
5.0 : Lectures are very clear and fun to listen to. Uses a lot of good examples. Very Funny!
5.0 : Really knows his stuff. Can be strong with students but deeply wants you to succeed and is very willing to meet outside of class. Great player, highly recommended!
5.0 : Good professor, very approachable and helpful. He's funny and wants his classes to be enjoyed
5.0 : I had a musical background so this class was easy, but I still found it very useful. Prof. Palacios was very good at explaining! This course follows a "flipped classroom" model, meaning you mostly study at home and the "lectures" reiterate/review the material. Usually got out early. Anyone can do well, so I'd definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Funny professor, gives tons of extra credit opportunities. You must go to class and pay attention, or you may not pass. Expect a quiz at the end of every class. Could very well be the best MUSI100 professor. Easy final exam (take as long as you can when you're taking it; you'll be surprised!)
5.0 : Helpful, show up to class and do the work and you Will be fine
4.5 : I can't say enough about Rachael. She is smart, helpful, easy going, and just overall awesome. Prepare to write a couple of papers and complete a few projects, which are not at all difficult. She is very lenient with due dates, especially if you are not abusing it. I would take her class 10 times if I could.
4.0 : Class is really interesting and fun. It is all about how you are going to change the world. At first that seems daunting but it actually became inspiring. If you are interested in the class you can really get a lot out of it. She is very lenient and understanding with due dates. Super cool, chill, and friendly. Just lovely.
5.0 : Take ENG302 online with her. You will get an easy A. Don't take ENG 302 in class. TAKE IT ONLINE WITH HER.
5.0 : Professor Burke is very caring and a meaningful lecturer. The class itself can be really dry, and most of he work is a single group project, but Burke always tries to make things fair and give good feedback.
5.0 : Ms. Burke is one of the best teachers I've ever had. She's so helpful and gives great advice when it comes to writing papers. She's very approachable and understanding. I would definitely take her again for her 302 level class!!
5.0 : I love this professor she is the best!!! super easy and understanding and very flexible :) easy grader :D
4.0 : A much tougher required English class than I expected. His class was focused on technology, which was very boring and limiting for the long research papers. He was very helpful with feedback, but make sure he grades you correctly. I caught a mistake, but he kindly changed the grade.
4.0 : Professor engages and encourages class to participate. Makes a lot references to pop culture, classic literature, and politics. Nice lecturing voice. Purpose of references seem only to be used for comedic affect and are not particularly useful.
5.0 : He has a very easy going personality and teaching style which makes the class enjoyable. There are various writing assignments, four essays, and no tests required. For Essay 3 he recommends you write about something related to your major but is lenient about letting you write about different topics as long as it's still an analysis/research paper.
5.0 : Howell's a nice guy who teaches you how to be specific and to the point. It's the class that sucks, but he makes it likable. If you don't get something he'll meet with you. He's also a fan of  Matthew Mcconaughey which was appreciated.
3.5 : He's a really nice guy, and a good teacher. Advanced comp is dry and writing-intensive, but he assigns good readings and gives helpful supplemental advice about research, writing and finding your voice. My only gripe is that he wasn't very responsive to emails, although his syllabus listed email as primary contact method.
5.0 : One of the best English classes I've ever taken.  He gives you full control of what you write about.  The class can be exhausting if you don't like to write.  Contrarily, if you like to write, this class is perfect for you.  Regardless, I recommend him.  You'll learn a lot of valuable information, and he has a great teaching ethic.
3.5 : He is a nice professor who can be witty at times. His lectures do drag on and makes you do a lot of writing (adding to that, group work as well) but he does make it up in the form of his personality and helpfulness.
2.0 : I liked his personality but I couldn't stand this class. He has a meticulous teaching style and he would give us pointless assignments that led to pointless papers. I love writing but I didn't learn much from him.
3.5 : P. Howell is a very good professor, but his class is advanced and difficult - it's like a Master's class. Participation is important and there is A LOT of writing. Each paper is a different project, be ready to do research. He is a tough grader. If you don't enjoy writing, I would recommend you to look for a less demanding professor.
5.0 : Amazing Professor!! I was hesitant to take an english online class as English is my weakest subject, but his class was very straight forward. He grades paper very fairly. If you put the effort into the essays you will do well. Take his online ENG302 - mnultlideciplinary class!
4.0 : Good teacher with lots of feedback, always available for help. I took his online ENG 302 course. I got a B but it could have easily been an A but already having a career, family, and now school full time some of my assignments were late.. Good professor though. I think he gave me some extra points at the end to bump me up to a B, just speculation.
4.0 : Robyn was great, class sucked.  Guest lecturers were awesome but being in protocol room was like being in study hall.  Easy A as long as you show up for shifts.  No homework, no tests, 2-3 page paper about experience.  Did not feel welcome in clinic.  Overall, really boring because I didn't learn anything about working in a mental health clinic.
3.5 : I did not like the class. The material was confusing and hard. had a different teacher for the microscopy lecture that was more confusing. He makes you feel dumb if you ask a question that is easy to him; keeps reminding the class how fair the class was. compares your performance with the rest of the class to prove a point.
2.0 : AVOID, AVOID, AVOID. THIS IS AN UNDERGRAD CLASS   He's treating it like a grad class, exams are long and mostly written.   All the other forensic science people have multiple choice exams.  Can be condesending sometimes :(
4.5 : Awesome guy and helped me get into an internship by giving me the proper guidance; study the material well and you'll do fine. Extremely realistic and doesnt sugarcoat anything. One of the best at mason take him without hesitation A+
5.0 : Awesome period. too bad he's gone aaaaaand has a huge cult following on campus. If you have the chance take him no hesitation :) A++++++++++++++
5.0 : Best out there . Knows so much about forensics and half the class got jobs and internships this semester :D thanks to him
5.0 : Take him no doubt. Funniest professor ever makes the class fun A++++++++
5.0 : I was gonna change my major before he taught us now I know I wanna be a CSI  amazing dude FRSC 302 he's is the man
5.0 : He did not just teach us he also showed us how to apply skills into the real world. I've been a student for 2 years at mason and i have never seen a professor put so much effort into helping us. Amazing class but make sure you know scientific concepts well.
5.0 : A+ best forensic guy
4.5 : Professor Mo was definitely a breath of fresh air. He's one of those professors that will not let a student do poorly, he cant stand underachiever. Comparing him to the rest of the forensic science people, he stays after hours to help us, will not rest until we can understand a difficult topic, very honest with us, and definitely a smarty pants.
4.5 : Brutally honest, actually cares about the students, multiple review sessions. Great guy but a potty mouth if you do bad on hw and exams. Def take him if you can. awesome reference for internships and knows a lot about the forensic field
4.0 : Youngest teacher I've seen lecturing. Knows his stuff. Big on attendance  look out for group projects. had a bad group :( Fair guy do the work you'll be fine. Is coolest class at mason. If you're going to med school he's the guy to talk to.
5.0 : By the far the hardest class at Mason but Risi makes the class less painful He provides excellent lecture material by coding during lectures and going over important concepts over &amp; over Go to him for office hours, do the HW, and practice!! If you show him you're giving your best effort, he will curve.
4.5 : He codes with you during class which makes it very interactive. I love that. I am retaking it with him and I am already learning so much more than before. He is the best out there when it comes to 206. He is a young, friendly guy which is nice. Take him if you want to learn from a good professor and PASS!
4.5 : Professor Risi is good teacher very helpful. Attendance are not mandatory but if u dont go you wont learn and u wont get ur grade curved. 5 problem solving each has pseudocode and java  total of 10 assignments labs each week must show up to get grades. 2 Exams worth most of your grade. Pay attention in class and go to study session u will be fine.
5.0 : If you are lucky enough to get in his section, he is by far the BEST professor you can take for 206. The course itself is hard, and not something he controls. He is extremely knowledgeable, patient, articulate, and takes the time to make sure everyone understands the material. Would not hesitate a second to sign up for his class again!
5.0 : This is definitely a tough course, specially if you don't have a strong programming background. Make sure you review the material before hand, specially the code provided for each chapter, and also keep your class load to a minimum because this class will require ALL your time/effort/attention, Risi is definitely the man for the job, good luck!
5.0 : Prof Risi is honest and works hard with you until the you get the materials. This class is not easy at all. The weekly assignments  will take all the time you have,  But, taking the class with Prof Risi will make your life easier to an extent, email him if you are stuck with your assignment he will get back to you with 24 hours.
5.0 : Amazing professor. If you really want to pass then take it with risi. He is very articulate and clear when it comes to explaining the material.
5.0 : 206 is not an easy class and it does require extra work outside of the weekly assignments/labs. If you put in the time to practice the concepts covered and understand java, Risi is a fantastic instructor. He codes in class which was VERY helpful, and will always answer any questions asked. He breaks down the concepts for easier comprehension.
4.0 : He is the best choice for IT 206. He doesn't have control over the course materials since that's all controlled by the course coordinator but you will have the best chance of passing with Prof Risi.
5.0 : Professor Risi is probably the best professor for this class, he codes good Java examples in class and grades the quizzes and exams fairly. His office hours is really helpful due to he will always try to clarify the questions that the student might have regarding conceptual questions and code examples. (10% assignment, 30% quizzes, 60% exams)
1.0 : Inexplicably smug.
5.0 : Professor Risi is the best. He teaches exactly what you need to learn to pass this stressful class; no less, no more.  He cares for students, responds quickly, his class has  good interaction. I think he has a fine sense of how to shove information into people's head with a good maneuver.
5.0 : IT 206 is a difficult class no matter who you take it with but professor Risi will definitely make it less difficult for you. He gives very good explanations if you don't understand something. He can be easily reached by email, usually responding within 24 hours.  I would highly recommend taking IT 206 with him.
1.0 : His lectures are boring
5.0 : Professor Risi is a great Asset in object oriented programming. He codes in class and a very helpful professor. I think he makes this most difficult class a fun as he does code in class and that is a great way to explain coding principle in class.
5.0 : Professor Risi is great professor and nice person. Young guy who graduated from Mason. Provides as many in class examples as he can. Reiterates important topics over and over again. Provides detailed help in e-mails when asking for his help. Class requires a lot of work no matter who you take. Would highly recommend Risi.
5.0 : This is probably the hardest IT class at mason. He gives you everything you need to know. It is up to you to use them and pass. Gives great example code and codes in class as well.
5.0 : Professor Risi is one of the best professors i've ever had. He just graduated from Mason a couple years back and he understands the stress Java can put on IT students. His in-class examples can't get any better. I've taken Java with 3 different professors now (including Bono) and it doesn't get better than Risi. Highly Recommend Risi
5.0 : 2 tips to keep in mind: dont skip any class and record every single lecture he teaches( that would help a lot in quiz and coding exams and hw), try your best to do all your homework(10% hw is really important)and get good  grade on both quizzes and midterm exam, so you dont have to worry much about final. Because the final coding is really hard.
5.0 : IT 206 is the most difficult class in IT major. I retook this class as second time and I can assure you that Risi would be the best professor for IT 206. He is a fair grader so your grade is depend on your effort.
1.0 : He doesn't grade properly. Replies to emails really late. And when you ask him a question on what to focus on for the exam. He nods his Head and says "everything" like, that's much help. Don't take this guy! He will fail u. Twice! Don't take him!
4.5 : Take him if you didnt pass with another porofessors. He curves the final grades.
5.0 : Let me be straightforward. IT 206 is probably the most difficult course in the AIT program. That being said, taking it with Risi is your best shot at passing the course. Instead of a boring lecture, he codes  A LOT during class and this helped me a lot with passing the written exams. His type of coding is a lot more modular(organized) than others.
4.5 : He is one of the best GMU finance faculty along with Professor Christoph. Real world experience and a sense of humor. Christoph gives more graded assignments but Sanders gives your more real world knowledge. Christoph is almost straight out of the textbook while Sanders uses live teaching materials. I HATE his texts!!!!!!
5.0 : He makes classes interesting. Much more interesting than other finance professors. Clearly loves to teach. WARNING! Read the assigned overheads carefully and the lectures ... he takes his test questions from both and assignments. If you skip class, you are likely to get a C or worse. And he LOVES class participation and those who sit up front.
5.0 : Great lectures. Very informative.  He aims the class for better students. I strongly recommend taking him.
4.5 : He is one of my favorite professors at Mason. He enjoys teaching, makes the lectures interesting and has a sense of humor. Make sure you go to class a lot of the discussions you have in class are on the exams. Also, make sure to carefully read the lecture slides and his online class notes. If you put in the work you will do well.
3.0 : Read what he say and always over prepare for exams. Not going to class didn't do me any favors!!
3.5 : Read everything and definitely do all extra credit assignments- come to class - do the studyguides !!!
4.5 : I really enjoyed his class structure. He talks about real life finance real estate material. He didn't use a book, but taught us using slides, and his blog. His exams can be tricky, but if you go to class, and read his blogs, its easy. He is also a really cool guy to talk to after class.
5.0 : Great professor who has worked on Wall Street and knows his stuff. Warning! Unlike some GMU finance professors, he reserves A's only for the top 5-6 students per 30 students -- all the rest get B's of lower. Take Hanweck or Gallay if you are easy grade hunting. Don't take Anderson, Horstmeyer or Sanders.
5.0 : You will learn quite a bit, but sometimes reading the materials at exam time may be overwhelming. VERY real world oriented and a genuinely nice person. He used to teach at University of Chicago and worked on Wall Street. So much better than the typical GMU FNAN professors who have never worked outside of academia or are here directly from grad.
4.0 : Sanders is probably the best Finance professor in the School of Business. He has an extensive professional and educational background. Provides valuable and accurate industry insight. He is very approachable and is willing to help students learn to the best of his ability. He keeps his curriculum updated with current events and analytics.
5.0 : He's definitely one of the best professors in the School of Business. He makes classes not only informative but enjoyable. If you need help he always make the time for you. He doesn't use the textbook so make sure to take notes in his lectures because you'll see that information on his exams. Good sense of humor is major plus in his class.
5.0 : Go to class. It's worth it. Great, engaging teaching style that really keeps you on your toes. Lots of reading to do for tests, but there aren't any tricks or surprise questions.   Really knows what he's talking about, has a lot of experience in the industry. 10/10 would listen too/take again.
4.0 : The best professor in the School of Business. He has actual work experience and constantly ties in real world examples in his class. Many of the Mason SOB faculty are like community college faculty, but Sanders takes learning to the next levels. Plus, he is a really nice person, not like some of the punks I have taken.
5.0 : GREATEST TEACHER AT MASON BY FAR, IF YOU WANT TO ACTUALLY LEARN AND ENJOY A CLASS TAKE HIM. YOU WONT REGRET IT.
5.0 : I love Sanders
5.0 : Great professor who challenges students. Preps us for a job using Excel, Bloomberg and R programming. Some profs at Mason still use only TI calculators and teach community college level material.
5.0 : Best professor in the School of Business. Traveled all over the world, worked in Wall Street, and is the Yoda of the Finance industry on a global scale. The professor has the most published and cited work from any professor at GMU with over 3000 products. Has a Socratic teaching style along with live and current events/blogs. Enjoy and work hard!
5.0 : Great professor! Keeps us informed as to current topics (not like some teachers who use 20 year old notes and stale cases). Very nice guy and very well informed. LOTS of reading for exams, so keep current (waiting until the night before the exam guarantees a low grade). Not the usual Mason FNAN class which are exercises in present value.
5.0 : GREAT Professor. If you are looking for an easy A, do not take him. If you want to learn and stay current with the economy take him! You read a lot but if you put in the work you will do well. He only gives about 5 A's each semester so you better want it! If you slack off, you will get a C or lower, I promise you.
3.0 : Hands down best finance prof at mason! Focuses on material he thinks is useful, mostly in his MBS specialty with fixed-income securities. Keeps you updated with real world topics (unlike other finance profs in mason). Very interesting reads on his blog. Tests are mostly fill in the blanks. Good stuff :D very friendly too and cracked us up a lot!
5.0 : Prof. Iampramoon is amazing! If you need to take Spanish, I would definitely recommend him. His class is very easy to understand. Normally, I don't do well in language classes, but I did fine in this course.
5.0 : He is very nice and helpful. If you come to class and turn in your assignments and study for the tests, you will do fine. He takes late work and deducts very few points- always willing to help! It's my second course with him. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Tham teaches in a clear, straightforward way and genuinely wants to help students succeed. He does not play any mind games (Gotcha questions)  tests, and would tell us and review all test topics. What I got wrong on tests was simply caused by my not studying completely, not tricky q's. Possibly the best Spanish teacher at GMU, and a very nice guy.
4.5 : Tham is probably the best Spanish professor at GMU. Instead of a long, dry lecture like I received in other Spanish classes, he makes the class interactive and fun.  I give him a 10/10 not only as a professor, but also as a genuinely nice dude.
5.0 : I would 100% recommend Tham for Spanish. He is an amazing teacher and person. He is always available to help if you are struggling with a concept in class. In addition, he will incorporate fun  games in class to help you understand different concepts.
5.0 : Tham is a great professor. He truly cares about his students and wants them to do well.
4.0 : Prof. Tham makes class interesting and enjoyable, but be sure to come prepared.  I would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Tham is a great professor and is very passionate about his work. Make sure to go to class because it is a big part of your grade. There is MySpanishLabs due every week and as long as you do them you'll do well in class. Tham is incredibly nice and funny. He grades everything almost as soon as you turn it in.
4.0 : If you come to class, you will get a good grade. He's a very nice professor and ready to help you. I'd take Spanish with him again.
5.0 : After taking several years of Spanish in high school and despising every second of it, I loathed having to fulfil the language requirement for my major. However, Tham creates an extremely constructive and supportive atmosphere. I had no problem showing up to classes and enjoyed many parts of the class. I am taking him again next semester for 210.
3.5 : 4 assignments + 1 midterm + 1 final + class participation. There are pop quizzes for extra credit. Fairly easy grader. The midterm was a breeze but final was tough.
5.0 : Best professor for CS465, Take him if you have the chance.
4.0 : Took last semester. Exam was fair just study his exam review. assignments were pretty easy.
5.0 : easy grader
5.0 : Very clear and straightforward presentation of the material, realistic expectations. Homework assignments weren't always easy, but were manageable if you paid attention during class. Tests were straightforward and drew directly on the material covered in class and in the homeworks, no tricks or surprises. Would definitely recommend taking him!
3.0 : Brilliant professor, you'll never stump him with a question. The class content can be mind numbing at times and you can't expect to know what will be tested on so tests can be difficult. Projects are hit or miss, some take 12 hours, others take 1. He will generally float you by no matter what grade you earn. Grading scale is amazing. 88A, 76B etc
5.0 : Dr. Menasce is extremely knowledgeable. The class was straight forward and lecture were to the point and clear. Pop quzzes given in class which are based on lecture material. Midterm was straight forward, but he may try to trick you on a question so pay attention. Final was cumulative - medium difficulty. Would recommend Dr. Menasce
5.0 : His lectures are clear and gives handouts to reinforce what you're learning. The tests are not hard. However, he does not give a lot of partial credit. So make sure you're doing the problems correctly. The projects can be a little difficult but you have partners to help you out. If you genuinely want to learn about about Architecture, take him.
5.0 : Great lecturer. He gives pop quizzes every week or so, but they're extra credit (up to 5%). There were 4 homeworks worth 50% of the class grade, 3 of them were MIPS coding and the last was a memory and caching exercise. The tests were fair but were graded a bit strictly. There is a weekly reading assignment which is normally an IEEE article.
5.0 : Forrest is the nicest, funniest, and most helpful Bio TA ever. He's actively involved during labs and walks from table to table to make sure students understand what they're doing and is always openly willing to lend a hand. Love love love him!
5.0 : awesome chill teacher. fun to have
5.0 : He's very charming, and really easy to get along with. He lets anything go in the class, and honestly is really chill. As long as you don't get on his bad side, it's an easy passing grade. He does his best to get along with everyone, and he'll even let you go out to eat Chick Fil e during a lab. Legit, best lab instructor.
5.0 : He makes lab less boring and super positive. He was the happiest teacher I have ever had, and he really helps if you ask. Definitely pick him if he is available since you can learn a lot from him about biology. Very chill class.
5.0 : Good stuff!
5.0 : Great teacher. Take him if you can he will make bio213 so great! He makes great jokes. And makes concepts make sense.
5.0 : Young but brilliant. Amazing instructor that is actually better than most of the biology professors. Understanding to the students needs, while maintaining an interesting class quite conducive to learning. His style of teaching is something most of the GMU professors should strive to emulate. Teaching is in his blood and it shows!
5.0 : Really knows what he's doing and makes lab a relaxed but still just as productive place to be.  Super helpful, friendly, funny, and approachable, you can reach him by email with questions and he responds quickly! Gives great advice and is lots of fun, too. You couldn't ask for a better lab TA.
4.0 : Her lectures and class discussions were interesting and engaging, and I learned a lot. Only a few assignments, most work was reading/participating in class. Her grading criteria for the papers was not very clear, but you can resubmit assignments based on her feedback for a higher grade.
5.0 : No tests given at all, just participate. There are a few short writing assignments most 1000 words at least, and the long writing assignments at the end as a final exam. Extremely easy if you follow the techniques she teachers and show them in the paper you turn in. It was not hard at all and she was really helpful. Will definitely take her again.
3.0 : Shes one of those teachers to assign arbitrary word counts (e.g. b/w 150 - 200 words), random deadlines (5pm wed for one assignment, 5pm fri for another, 5pm sat for another), and an unrelenting grader. Expect to lose a quarter of your grade if you dont meet just ONE requirement, no matter how big or small it is. I advise taking someone else.
4.5 : This class was more difficult than expected. Professor is very passionate about her discipline, but the assignments were boring to me. Very harsh grader, but allows resubmissions for a higher grade.  Gives good feedback, so if you listen you will get an A. Don't skip this class, she really pays attention to participation. Class is a lot of work!
2.0 : Do not take her especially if it is online. Has 10 different directions for just ONE assignment and makes simple things confusing. If you ever have a question concerning a grade she will not answer you unless you schedule a Skype session. Real tough grader, took points off for not jotting down the word count in one assignment. I don't recommend her
5.0 : tough grader? project? a lot of writing assignments? presentation? frustrating?  YES, but it's very worth it. Tough grades can be resubmitted. Love her for only focusing on writing directions, not nazi it up on bad grammar. Can tell she values a life outside, even though shehas PHD. to the point and c-ya, no BS.  jst b ontime and try. gr8 persnalty
4.0 : This class was much more difficult than I expected and for a 3 credit class, has an TON and I truly mean a TON of work. However, as long as you put forth effort, do your research, and just try, you will be successful. Professor Holmes is also quick to answer any questions. Expect group work, papers, presentations, and more.
4.0 : She is the best english professor I have ever had. Yes, she is strict with attendance and participation, so show up on time and talk a lot in class. She is extremely available (answers immediately via Skype), offers amazing feedback, and really wants you to learn the concepts. You can remediate many assignments. Bottom line is she wants you 2 learn
4.5 : Dont Make her writing assignments that big of a deal. Just write something out that meets the word count and then impliment what needs to be covered in the grading rubric like a checklist. If bad, touch it up for a higher grade. Just don't wait until last minute. She is a humanitarian, she really doesn't care about ur accounting technicals gr8 tchr
3.5 : Exams are mostly short answers &amp; some MCQ's. There is no textbook but she assigns articles for each class session. Powerpoints aren't posted on blackboard. Be ready to copy slides and take notes on what she says because the exams questions also comes from what she conveys. If you are a multitasker take her. hard but you will learn stuff.
4.0 : Very nice professor. Lectures are clear and she is very helpful. Makes you think!
5.0 : Takahashi is one of the best Anthropology Teachers I have had at George Mason. She is really passionate about getting everybody to think deeply about the concepts touched on in class, and strives to create a positive environment for students to actively discuss the material.
3.0 : Nice guy but boring class- I sit on my laptop the whole class. Easy grader though!!!
5.0 : Professor Wright is the best professor I've had at Mason yet!!! There is a lot of reading but it's a easy one paragraph homework due each class. The work load is easy! He is really clear and great at teaching! So enthusiastic and actually listens to the students!! definitely take class with him! He is the man and definitely take the class with him
3.0 : Since it was COMM100 he clearly did not want to be teaching the class. Never followed the guidelines and everyone got a 100 (good in theory but not earned) boring lectures and I just watched netflix the entire time. Doesn't care for students and only cares about his research
4.0 : probably the easiest class I've taken at mason. lectures are boring and powerpoint heavy, but the tests are directly from it- I didn't buy the book. he's such a nice guy and he can be funny too. one group project that you work on throughout the semester making a health campaign.
5.0 : He really cares about your grade in the course and will help you get a good a grade no matter what. Discussion Boards, Two tests, which you have to actually study for, a paper, and a group project that's super easy. Show up, do the work, and you're good to go... he's an easy grader.
4.0 : Completely phones it in. No feedback, no grades until after semester is over (everyone I spoke to got 100%). If you just want an "A", show up and turn in something, even if it's drivel. If you want to learn something, try another class. Nice guy, but it's quite clear that teaching is not a priority for him.
5.0 : Do the work and you'll get an A. Most of the work is opinion based and he is really good about creating work that is stimulating and interesting. Two tests, one paper, and discussion board posts every week. Super nice guy!
5.0 : This class was an easy A. So glad I decided to take him this summer. As long as you do the work you will get an A!
5.0 : This course is interesting and easy to manage. You have ample time to complete the assignments and I love that he doesn't make you respond to classmates on DB. His lecture videos are helpful and he discusses the topics covered in the articles. I recommend taking this course as an elective.
5.0 : Easy A. Make some sort of effort in doing assignments and you'll get an A
4.5 : I had her for recitation for Calculus I. She is one of the nicest instructors you will ever encounter at George Mason. She tends to make a lot of mistakes when grading so be alert! She is  great at teaching, but it she is not the smartest mathematician.
5.0 : Good teacher
4.0 : Dr Arias "gets it" - he arrives a little grumpy. But so does the rest of the class. Usually an evening course (1910-2230) and rarely an early release. TBH, if he didn't let some students ramble on - we could cover two classes in one. His lectures are good and always willing to clarify his paper requirements. Good sense of humor too.
5.0 : I've have been in two courses with Prof. Horvath and she has is an insightful person who is giving of time and self. Both to her students and her kids in Africa, but she'll tell you about them in class.   Participate in class, be ready for group work, she is willing to work with you but don't take advantage of that. English teacher as well!
5.0 : You have to keep up, he moves pretty fast through material.  Take notes, he does good examples, some appear on TestsQuizzes.
5.0 : Professor Paldino is a great teacher. I am currently taking him right now and he knows his stuff. He takes examples straight from the textbook. Just read the required textbook before and after each lecture to follow him better, attend class, and do the assigned homework. Some of the questions on the homework show up in his quizzes.  Best of luck!
4.5 : Take him! He's pretty corny and friendly which makes his lectures interesting. Lectures are clear and concise. I hate math, but he made it easy to follow. He likes it when you show effort-even if you are struggling with a topic. He frequently let class out early. Be sure to do all attempts of the (open notes) online quizzes, which saved my grade!
5.0 : Took his 8 week course this summer and he is one of the best professors I've ever had! 2 exams, a final and 5 quizzes online with many attempts allowed and an extra credit quiz. He also let you replace your lowest exam score with the final. He does a great job teaching the material and is clear on what to study for the exam, NO SURPRISES! Take him!
4.0 : We take online open book quizzes and that counts for most of our grade. You're assigned homework but it's not mandatory. I wouldn't miss a class because the notes can help when taking the online quizzes. Super understanding professor, answers questions and tries to help out when he can. It's a pretty chill class.
5.0 : I took this class over the summer, so it was extremely fast paced. He is an amazing teacher. He will make sure you understand everything if you ask him.
5.0 : This is the best math professor I've had in ages. This man knows how to teach without making you feel like a complete idiot and makes sure every student understands what he is teaching. I hope I can get him again for math one day. His quizzes online are not hard either, and he's really lenient when it comes to due dates. I RECOMMEND HIM SO MUCH
5.0 : Fantastic Professor if you actually want to learn important material, not just pass a class.
1.0 : Constantly late to class with only about a 15 minute heads up if class will be cancelled or not (As a commuting student this sucked since I drove 30 minutes just for this class) Classes before test are "review sessions" but he doesnt review anything just gives a basic outline gives topic and then writes "everything" next to it.
5.0 : If you just attend class and listen to him when he's explaining things, you're guaranteed an A. His classes are fun, and he's good at explaining material and will help you with any question. Also his exams are easy and he tells you which chapters to focus on &amp; which chapters to ignore. Take him! he is great
4.0 : Paldino teaches using examples he writes on the board, but his handwriting sucks. He's kind and his grading policy is clear. 90% tests, 10% quizzes. Attendance and homework is not mandatory. Make sure you go to class, as he reviews problems you had on homework in class. Tests are very hard and he does not do study guides, but he adds a huge curve.
4.5 : Mohit was very helpful as a TA for my statistics class with Prof. Singer. I don't think I would have received an A without him. He keeps things very simple in recitation, goes over practice problems thoroughly, and tells you everything you need to know. If you don't go to class, you won't know what to do on the quizzesexams.
4.5 : Mohit was great! he is the only reason i understood the material and passed the class. He may be hard to understand but he is very willing to explain things multiple times. If you go to class, do your homework, pay attention and take notes (basically do what you're supposed to do in any class) its an easy A! I strongly recommend mohit
5.0 : McCord is one of Mason's best. He's a great lecturer and enjoys his job a great deal. You don't have to be a history buff to get something out of his class. The structure is great and as long as you follow his simple guidelines, you'll do great. No papers and easy exams but you truly learn things anyway. Pleasure to have him
5.0 : Prof McCord is one of the best professors you can take. His lectures are like story time. Almost no studying required outside of class. There is a textbook but its not useful at all. All the exams are based on his lectures, so if you show up to all his classes &amp; pay attention, your all set. There are no papers, just 3 exams and 2 small quizzes.
2.0 : I have taken two of his classes the first one was amazing, however the last one I took was horrible. His lectures are long and boring. He miss graded an entire classes  quizzes. He kept pushing off test and only made it half way through the material which was to be taught.
5.0 : He's such an inspirational professor. I've really enjoyed his classes!
5.0 : Inspirational professor. Lectures are very descriptive and entertaining. By just listening to his lectures, you get a very clear imagery image in your head. Grading criteria is very clear and mostly based on his lectures in class.
2.0 : This prof did not use blackboard at all, which made it so hard to gauge how you were doing in the class.  McCord is a really good lecturer, I was never bored listening to him, but his assignments change dates a lot (and without electronic communication this makes things confusing) and his rubrics are unclear, making assignments tough.
5.0 : HE IS ONE OF THE MOST ADORABLE AND MEANINGFUL PROFESSORS! This class is as easy as college-level history gets! No outside reading/homework really. It is all lecture in class (where you're expected to take notes on a template he provides). There are only quizzes based on his lectures. But you don't have to read outside textbooks, its all on lecture.
5.0 : Dr. McCord is so passionate about History that it tends to be contagious!  There  isn't anything he doesn't know about  the formation of the American Govt &amp; VA.   His lectures are super long though, so don't count on getting out of there early-ever. You really do need to attend  because his papers are straight from his lecturesreadings.
3.5 : His class was overall easy if you ever took history in high school (duh) but you HAVE to show up for class because it affects your grade. Lectures are boring but overall not bad
5.0 : Prof. McCord seems to really know his stuff. It isn't so important to him to get through all the material by the end of the semester as it is to really talk about what he does go over. I didn't need the actual textbook, but the two readers he assigned are a must; there is a quiz on each. Quizzes aren't hard as long as you pay attention.
3.5 : Honestly he's not that bad. Lectures are boring though.. 3 exams (STUDY THE LECTURE NOTES AND IF YOU ZONE OUT, READ THE BOOK AND REFERENCE THEM TO THE LECTURE NOTES), 2 quizzes (10 questions, verbal) on two books that are literally 100 pages and so easy to read. Field trip on halloween that's mandatory at 9am for grade.  Takes attendance.
4.0 : The class is him just reading off notes. Kinda boring. He requires you to read two books a semester first one sucks and the second is okay. A lot of people fail the quizzes but the test are easy.
4.5 : Prof. McCord made this non-American born student ENJOY American history! It was a required course and he made it fascinating and brought it to life like no-one else could have. Fair with tests and paper(s). Not out to trick anyone. You won't regret taking this class!!
3.0 : If you are a good note taker then this is the easiest class you will ever take. His lectures are just him talking , no visual aids. It all really depends on your note taking skills. If you're lazy at notes do not take him. I personally enjoy his class because I like taking notes. I didn't use the book at all.
4.0 : He gives an outline for you to follow along with lecture, which was helpful and these also functioned as the study guide. He does not allow electronics at all - can only use your computer if you sit in the first row. You have to read two books and then you get quizzed on them. Quizzes are not that hard. 3 exams and 2 quizzes and 1 short paper.
5.0 : McCord's class is a wonderful experience that you will never forget. His classes made me enthusiastic about history. He weaves interesting stories out of historical events, and talks about historical figures as if he knew them personally. Lecture-heavy, so remember to take notes. If you work hard enough, you don't need to take the final. Great guy.
4.0 : Great professor, there were two tests, one multiple choice and one short answer. He doesn't give study guides or tell you what will be on the test. There are also two books to read with quizzes, again he doesn't tell you what to focus on and asks super specific questions. Take this class if you have the time to dedicate to it! don't buy main text
5.0 : Professor Ryan was an excellent teacher. Her lectures were interesting and she was very knowledgable on the topics covered. Given the opportunity, I would take her class again.
5.0 : He was awesome. He replied to emails right away, helped everyone in any way that he could. His class was fun. He assigns reading from the book, but if you never read, nothing happens.. But he kinda needs to see that you bring the book to class. If you your work, you'll easily get an A.
5.0 : Came into the class hating that I had to take English 101 but loved it at the end. Ben made the class fun. He's a funny guy that has no problem joking around with students and also made the class interesting. He's not a hard grader but expects good work. Put in good effort and you'll pass easily. 1010 would take again
3.0 : Loved Thrasher's lectures mainly because she speaks from personal experience. Almost everything she taught us came from a point in her life, and it was more of a how-to manual than a typical lecture. There was only a midterm and a final, and the midterm was impossible to fail. Overall good class, just show up and look interested.
4.5 : She's an actual PRODUCER! She worked with 20th century fox and manages a production company. Her lectures are about what the class wants to know so show up with questions. Super helpful with any question about the industry; if she doesn't know it you'll research your answer with the class and discuss it. Show up to class to learn and pass the final
5.0 : Lisa is amazing. Period. If you're interested in producing, writing, or marketing for film, she is the professor to know. Her teaching method is different in a good way. She actually cares about what students want to learn, and is very down to earth, but also extremely knowledgable about the industry.
5.0 : Prof. Thrasher really wanted us to understand the business of the film industry. Should would make sure we understood everything before moving on to something else. We had homework maybe twice and in class work maybe twice; mostly lecture. You do have to present an article at least once.
4.0 : Lisa is amazing!! Her teaching style is more laid back and focused on the nitty-gritty about the Film Industry--which she is VERY knowledgeable about. Her exam wasn't hard at all, and the class was interesting to attend!
5.0 : Lisa is the best! She is super knowledgeable! She is legit, being her background not only as a producer but a lawyer as well so she is able to explain a lot of the business side, what to do, what not to do. Her classroom is setting is not stressful at all, super relaxed and open communication is key! NOT BORING! come prepared to talk and b involved
4.5 : Even though it was an online class a couple of years back, I still think about how awesome her class was! I don't think I have ever had a teacher that made me want to get so involved in the learning process. Her examples and approaches that she taught were unlike anything I have ever learned. They were greatttt! TAKE HER CLASS.
5.0 : Professor Qureshi is really nice and her class is straight forward.  If you pay attention and take notes that class is not hard.  She has some nice guest speakers and when there's a guest speaker there is usually a pop quiz which is not hard (around 5 questions).  There are two papers (not hard) and one group project.  I would take her class again.
5.0 : Professor Qureshi is, undoubtedly, the best professor I've ever had the pleasure of learning from. Aside from being vastly knowledgeable in the subject of crime analysis, she is wonderfully passionate about the subject which makes class optimally engaging. I would take any class she teaches, she is a prime teacher!
2.0 : Paul does not teach all of the material needed to complete the projects. It is not his fault though, this should be a 4 credit  class, or 2 seperate classes. Plan on spending 15 hours each week outside of class on projects after week 4. I logged over 30 hours on the midterm, barely got an A, logged 50 on the final barely got a B-. Class grade B+
5.0 : The class is hard but that's not Mr. Piccione's fault. He is awesome to listen to and his lectures aren't tedious at all. There are two major projects but all the milestones for the midterm are basically your midterm, just make sure to keep up with them. Mr. Piccione is easy to talk to and is super willing to help; all you have to do is email him.
4.5 : So nice, goes out of his way for students and is always available for one on one office hours. The class is not too easy, you'd have to be daft to expect it to be. He has worked with many big name companies like EA and Bethesda, to name a few. His lectures are interesting and his passion is contagious. You won't regret taking him, he's awesome! :)
4.0 : Professor Piccione is like an Animation fiend. He's worked for some really big companies: Activision, Sega, and EA to name a few. He's also just a really great teacher. Dude gets super into his lectures, and I mean INTO it. His excitement is infectious. My one complaint is that he is sometimes sort of dodgy about emailout of class communication.
5.0 : Difficult class? Debatable. Is it enjoyable. Absolutely. Professor Piccione is very passionate about what he does, which makes his lectures a lot more interesting to listen to. He definitely knows what he's talking about and he's very helpful if you have questions. You shouldn't have a problem with him as long as you show up.
5.0 : Professor Paul Piccione I would consider to be one of the greatest teachers I've ever had the pleasure to learn from.  He is a very fun, animated professor with great knowledge of his field and teaches it with great enthusiasm.  He is also very caring towards his students and is always ready to put in some extra time to help you learn more.
4.0 : He is a great teacher Definitely knows his stuff Can't miss a class Lots of time in projects during 2nd half of semester Is willing to help if you just ask or email Extremely nice and enjoyable to listen to.
3.5 : It was the hardest class I've taken in college and its unavoidable if you are a game design Major. Piccione  is a great man, enthusiastic with an incredible track record. But this is a 25 hour a week class by the midterm. Im a slacker and it whipped me into shape. Dont take on a full course load and don't put off the work, don't expect much help.
5.0 : AMAZING prof! Does a fantastic job of teaching the program and its uses from a beginner level on up. Entertaining, helpful, and genuinely good at teaching, what more could you ask? DEFINITELY go out of your way to take Piccione's class for 231.
4.0 : Brenda is the best public speaking instructor you could have. She is there to help you out, and she tries to make the lectures fun by showing videos and doing different types of activities. Brenda is lenient so if you are honest and respectful she will help you. Besides being VERY HOT, she is a nice person, and you will learn a lot from her.
5.0 : My girl Brenda! This class was really fun and interesting. Each speech is clearly explained and she gives examples to show you what she expects. By far one of my favorite professors so far.
5.0 : She is one of the BEST professors I've ever had, she made this class really enjoyable. She's very willing to help her students, and doesn't expect perfection in order to give A's on assignments.  Read the book, and pull your weight in your group, you'll get an A.  FYI - The main semester project is 100% group based, and you don't choose your group.
5.0 : Brenda is the best comm 100 professor at Mason. She is SO nice and willing to help her students. She is clear with what she expects, and she tries to make her lectures funny and interesting. Besides being the best public speaking professor, she is extremely hot, which motivates you to go to class. Brenda genuinely cares about her students.
4.0 : Watch out - you get put in groups selected by the prof based on interest, not self-selection. Pretty easy class otherwise. Three multiple choice tests, 5 quizzes (drops certain amount), and assignments related to the group project. Very friendly, not much older than us. Doesn't focus on the statistics part, mainly concepts.
5.0 : She is not a tough grader but if you do not follow the speech outline you will not get an A. However following the speech outline should get you an A. The class is fairly easy and she is very helpful. I would highly recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Good professor, really nice and willing to help. She's a student here so she's young and very approachable for help. Comm 100 is just a dull, boring, and tedious class in general so I can't quite blame her for me not liking it. She does teach you a lot about public speaking and gives good advice. Would recommend.
5.0 : Honestly one of the easiest classes I've taken at Mason. Grading is clear and she is pretty lenient with the grading. Never went to class and still Managed to get an A
4.5 : Easy class it was three exams and they are not too difficult. There are three short papers as well which are really easy. Lectures are interesting and class is not mandatory. Definitely recommended!
4.5 : I really did enjoyed her lectures. She is very clear and spends a lot of time time on each lecture making sure that everybody understands everythng. She also assigns textbook of the older edition, so you dont have to spend a lot of money.
5.0 : I would highly recommend Professor Nowaczyk. She is fair and kind, and responded to all emails within an hour or so of me sending them. When we had too many snow days and ran out of time at the end of the semester, she let us choose which topics we wanted to keep and which ones we thought were uninteresting or boring. Her tests are fair and easy.
4.0 : easy A. not too much work, no text book needed.  Do the work and you will pass
5.0 : She is pretty nice, but grades very late. No text book needed and no exams. Lots of scholarly journal articles readings, but I think some students don't read them at all. I think it is an interesting class. Take it.
3.0 : Easy class, no textbook needed, weekly readings from journal articles and blackboard participation, few easy projects. The download is that grades are very late and after a month and a half there is nothing new about the topic and the material and class turns out annoying.
5.0 : She loves what she does. Doesnt assign group projects because she hated them. 3 exams that are 20 points each (super easy) she posts all slides on BB. 4 assignments throughout semester that are way easy. If 1/2 the class gets a question wrong on exam she gives everyone a point back. Class can be boring but it is an easy A. She is very understanding
5.0 : She is super kind and funny! She's good at teaching psychology in a way that makes it accessible to everyone.
5.0 : I enjoyed Dr. Nowaczyk's class because she made the material relatable and encouraged class discussions which I found helpful and interesting. She tends to be a little disorganized and assignments are posted/graded late, and exams/due dates can be changed. But she cares about her students (learns everyone's names!) and wants to see you succeed.
5.0 : It was just the perfect class. I felt supported, but also genuinely helped by the comments given. I felt that I grew in this class, and it was definitely a result of the way the professor valued each student and made sure everyone felt comfortable and heard.
4.0 : Streckfus was awesome. Sometimes his lectures seem to be dragged out just because there is time but his feedback was great. The only real homework was daily journal writing, which you could cram into the day before it was due if you procrastinate like me. It was a fun class that really allowed me to test creative writing skill. Definitely take him!
5.0 : Prof. Streckfus was awesome. He really wants you to grow as a writer and gives some really great feedback. I really feel that i benefited from what he said. His grading is really straightforward. Submit your stuff on time, and you'll do well. He doesn't judge your writing at all and is very encouraging. Recommended!!!!
5.0 : He takes attendance every class so don't think about skipping classes! Also, students are required to read before the class starts! When he grades the assignments, he gives us specific feedbacks and he doesn't grade too toughly.  He's very passionate and really cares about students. Take his class! you won't regret :)
5.0 : I took Peter Streckfus' class during the summer semester, and he is among the most talented professors at Mason. Not only does he neither have a midterm nor a final, Streckfus' assignment loads are reasonable. They consist of reading a few pages, one writing exercise, and contributions for class discussions. I highly recommend taking his course.
5.0 : He ran a well organized and interactive creative writing class.  I loved it!  Yes, you will be doing work, but it was for our own benefit and not for harsh grading criteria.   Great professor, great class.
4.0 : I never went to class except the first day and I managed to get an A-. As long as you do the homework and review the study guide he provides, the exams are really easy. He even allows you to use a cheat sheet. No textbook required.
4.5 : He's a good professor. He explains concepts fairly well, and if you ask, he'll go over concepts you don't quite understand. Tests aren't too difficult if you do your homework.
5.0 : This guy is a legend. Take him. He's the best
5.0 : This professor is wonderful. He's does give quizzes, but they are extremely easy (just be sure to review the textbook). He gives study guides for the exams which are extremely helpful. The exam questions are straight from the textbook so that's nice. I know someone who took him for MATH 213 and they say he's also great at teaching that class.
5.0 : He's one of the best math professors I've ever had. He's extremely helpful when it comes to tests and explains things perfectly. He really does genuinely care about us, the students, and the best part is he doesn't make homework mandatory (but you should still do because that's basically what the tests are based off of). Great professor!
5.0 : Best math teacher I've had at George Mason. His tests are clear and easy as long as you do the homework in the class. I'd definitely recommend him to all my friends.
3.5 : Hard subject but Haja is a great professor, fairly clear lectures, puts notes on blackboard, tests are very similar to the homework and in-class examples. No curve, but if the average is kinda low he'll give an extra credit assignment. Attendance not graded, but unless you go take notes and copy his examples it will be hard to do well in the class.
5.0 : Dr. Haja is a boss. He explains everything in simple terms so that everyone can understand the concepts. Gives hand written notes that beat the textbook. Allows cheat sheets on exams. Exams are similar to homeworks, so do your homework! The best math professor I have had at Mason so far. I hope I can have him in future classes. Funny and polite.
5.0 : MATH 125 is not an easy class but Prof Haja explains the concepts simple with lots of examples. He is very helpful and polite. If you go thru the handouts he gives and do the homework you should get an A. He is the best prof at GMU
1.0 : this class wasnt difficult at all but I didnt learn anything. He is not enthusiastic or passionate about teaching. If you are a CS major and want to take him for discrete, dont do it because discrete is an important class. Take it with someone who teaches you the materials
4.5 : Professor Haja teaches the main concepts, gives clear study guides, and is always willing to explain if you're having difficulty.  He's an amazing professor; you won't regret it.
5.0 : Discrete was a really hard subject for me. However, Proj Haja was very helpful. He really cares about his students and wants everyone to do well. He let us know exactly what was going to be on the exams. Homework was worth 20% which was an easy way to raise your grade. He also gave extra credit.
4.0 : He is the best and easiest professor ever. Gives us a few homework problems, and they literally show up in the test
4.0 : This guy had me laughing every class. He doesn't try to be funny but he is so awkward that it makes me laugh. His tests are pretty easy and you can always use a cheat sheet of one page. Final is cumulative but still is easy. He doesn't rush the material and shows plenty of examples in class which is REALLY helpful if you show up. Go to class!
5.0 : Best teacher ever had. Tests are not very difficult. YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
5.0 : If you have to take further math classes, I would avoid him for Calc 1 because his class is very easy compared to other professors. Light homework load, no quizzes in recitation, and tests are all off of homework assignments. But he really cares about each student and his class should be an easy A. Only take him if you don't need to go further.
5.0 : Singl-ehandedly the best Calculus 1 professor. Very good at explaining material, gives plenty of notes, tests are curved and taken straight out of test reviews (some are even multiple-choice). A lot of online homework, however. Don't bother buying a textbook. Attendance is not even mandatory.
3.5 : The only thing you have to do to get a good grade in the class is the homework. Everything is done on mymathlab and it gives examples for every problem. Before each exam he would post a review and he allows cheat sheets. All you have to do to prepare for the exam is follow the review the base your cheat sheet off of what you don't know. Great Prof
3.5 : Dr. Kinney is a adjunct professor at Mason who is also a curator at both Air &amp; Space Museums. He is knowledgeable on everything aviation and I found him very informative. He is also down-to-earth and does not look down upon students. He is also an easy grader
5.0 : Dr. Kinney is great. I highly recommend him. He is an easy grader. The work load is fair and he is intelligent. One short book report, two short exams, participation, thesis, and a 8 page research paper makes up the entire class. You don't even need the textbooks, just take notes. TAKE HIM!
4.0 : He's a great professor, but no illusions here that this is an easy class.
4.5 : I like Professor Kinney and he is an expert in his field. However, I found it difficult to know what to expect for tests. I struggled in lecture because he talks fast, and I cannot absorb information that quickly. If you are o.k. with that you should love his class.  I did o.k. in his class so I am glad it all worked out.
5.0 : All of her tests are online; there is really no need to go to class when all of the power points are posted as well. A few discussion posts, but they're easy. One interview project at the end of the year with an essay. Extremely nice professor!
5.0 : one of the best teachers I've ever had. she's very helpful and responds quickly to emails. very accommodating with disabilities and she's so nice! The course is really clear. quiz and discussion posts every week then one essay due at the end of the semester. posts powerpoints and video lectures weekly-- other online classes I've had rarely do this
5.0 : She is very nice! Her course is pretty straightforward.
5.0 : She's so nice!! No exams in this class. Just weekly quizzes and discussions. Drop the lowest 3 quizzes and 3 discussion scores. One interview project but they're easy! Don't need a textbook, just read from the powerpoint to be able to do the quiz. There's extra credit in the end but I didn't do it. Still A+  She responds fast!
4.5 : Took her Child Development course and Tanya was a phenomenal professor! She is an absolute sweetheart and is very clear in what you need to do. She's humorous with a fun personality. Study the slides for the exams and definitely take the extra credit opportunities. Random group discussions that you need to present for to get credit. TAKE HER!!
5.0 : She's so sweet. Take her class it's really easy and she's super smart.
4.5 : She has the best personality. Her slides are very helpful, but don't take them granted. Read the book! If you don't study then don't expect to do well on tests. She gives out an attendance sheet randomly throughout the semester try not to miss class. She gives extra credit and hands out treats sometimes. Love her and her class.
2.0 : Easy A. Don't waste your money on the textbook. This course is just a bunch of simple discussion posts and open-note quizzes. She has no sympathy for people who submit things even a minute late so just get them done ahead of time. If you email her, don't expect a reply until weeks later. I learned nothing from Tanya.
5.0 : Shes super chill and all the exams in her developmental psych class are open notes. You don't have to come to class unless its discussion group day. You rarely get homework.
5.0 : Tanya is an amazing professor!!! She really cares about each student learning something in her class. She has also given me a lot of advice about grad school during office ours and via email (she is also really good about responding to emails)! Very interesting class. I highly recommend taking it with Prof. Tavs!
5.0 : A great professor. Easy grader. Class is not difficult at all.
5.0 : This is a writing intensive course, but she makes it much easier by giving clear directions and feedbacks on what you need to do/fix to make your paper (s) even better. A really sweet professor overall and works hard to help all her students succeed.
5.0 : I have taken 6 RN-BSN classes so far. This is the one I have had to do the most work but with that said the professor kept everyone on track with frequent reminders and e-mails. Each week you have book readings and supplemental readings, discussion boards. Then some weeks you might have an added assignment, quiz or exercise. 1 final paper.
5.0 : Professor Moore is one of the most amazing professors in Mason. His exams are easy and he is extremely friendly. He brings in guest speakers that are well-known in the industry. I learned so much from his course and I met so many great people in the industry. Take him !!! HE IS SUCH A GREAT PROFESSOR.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Clearly cares alot about his students, and is very helpful. He brings in fantastic guest speakers, and allows students room to be creative in the group project. There are only a few quizzes, which you DO need to read the book for, but he is incredibly clear about what is on them. Would 100% take his class again.
5.0 : Wonderful prof, so much real world experience to speak of, you're learning from the best.
5.0 : Prof Moore is a great professor for hospitality students. Although he's retired, he's still a big name in Marriott. His class a SUPER easy A. For the group project you get to meet a high-up Marriott executive!! You also visit a Marriott property. I definitely recommend this course and this professor. I'm registered for his spring course, too!
5.0 : Professor Choi's almost too easy. She assigns simple homework which is basically what the exams look like and then she gives extra credit for pretty much every test. She's very kind but she does have a bit of a Korean accent. I would definitely take MUSI100 with her if you can!
5.0 : Homework instructions are a little confusing, but professor will clear them if asked.  Everything is a group project. It is  an easy class if you have a good group to work with.
4.5 : I've never had an enjoyable lab, but I actually look forward to class with Joe. He is a great guide with both the hand computations and SPSS, but you've got to do the work. Class can be as quick or as long as you need until you finish with the right answers, but Joe is great about making it interesting and simple, and his music rocks too!
5.0 : Joe is AWESOME! I loving going to his class, even though the material is so boring. He makes it fun and knows what he is doing. He will even play music during class to help make it more bearable. You are definitely lucky if you have Joe as a TA
5.0 : One of the most helpful TAs I've ever had. Gives great feedback on papers. Come to class and do the work and youll get an A
5.0 : He is AWESOME!
5.0 : bawwwwwwwwwwsssss. take him!!!!! best lab instructor ever!!!! THIS is how a lab instructor should be! Lab instructors shouldn't always be so hard on grading that you try harder in the lab than the actual class just to barely get a B. Blake is a man.
5.0 : Blake is by far one of the best lab instructors i've ever had. He's funny and very understanding. Blake loves herping so when you go on field trips he'll show you amphibians that you wouldn't get to see with any other lab instructor. Blake is great, take him!!
5.0 : BEST lab instructor ever!! Wish all my professors and lab instructors are like Blake.
5.0 : Very helpful lab instructor. He's very lenient with grading, but make sure you do your best and don't give bad answers on lab assignments. Always willing to help students understand, makes the class less stressful with field trips. For the class paper, make sure you make changes from the constructive criticism he gives you and you'll do fine! :)
5.0 : Be sure to do everything on time and put enough effort. He is always there to help.
4.5 : Clear in grading criteria, do the work and you will be fine.
5.0 : Blake was an incredible lab instructor. He knew a lot of interesting things and was more than happy (even if his sarcasm didn't seem like it) to discuss those things with students. He really had good feedback and all around I actually enjoyed going to his class even if it was at 7.30 am.
5.0 : Dr. Hamdan is the absolute best.  She explains how to do every lab in detail and will help you out if you need it.  She's probably the smartest person I've met and really loves environmental micro.  Definitely get her if you can.
4.5 : The professor is very enthusiastic, brings energy every day, loves to teach. He is a great teacher, there is absolutely no reason to fail unless your lazy, and even if your lazy you can get a C.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Very energetic and enthusiastic. lots of tiny assignments at the beginning of semester but they were not too bad. Class is very fun!
5.0 : Any anatomy and physiology class is difficult but Dr. Jo is the best professor I've ever had. He is very understanding and really cares that you learn the material and you don't stress too hard about his class.  I would recommend everyone to take a class with him.
4.0 : Kochen is down to earth and actually funny. Made the lectures interesting. Would definitely take again. His personality kept the class from sucking.  Only complaint is that biology explanations kinda sucked sometimes. I wouldn't really understand it, but instead memorized the notes which was good enough. Tests are tough but he curves.
5.0 : If you get the chance to take a class with Bill you will not regret it. He is clear and concise about his lecture but also very intelligent. Obviously very interested in science and that you learn the material needed. He will be clear about what is required of you for the class and how to get an A.
5.0 : The lectures were fun and funny, the exams are challenging but curved.
5.0 : Bill teaches the lab component of my statistics course. He clearly explains the material and is very helpful and kind.
4.5 : He answers all of your questions. Helped me so much.
5.0 : Drugs on the Brain class. Favorite professor I've ever had at Mason. Hilarious and very helpful. Wants you to get an A. Makes lectures very fun to sit through. Interesting material. Would take any class with him!!
3.5 : Papers are short basically done for completion. Tests are super tough bc he is not good at explaining things you should know for them. He told us to read his powerpoints and theyre like 35 slides with 5 decks per test. Quizzes are easy and he gives stupid extra credit questions so you should get A's. Pay attention in class and ask questions
4.0 : Take Bill's Class(es). He is a great professor  and is hilarious.  The tests can be challenging, but not in an impossible manner. Study and you will do fine, he does curve if needed. Papers and quizzes are pretty much free points, take advantage!
5.0 : By far, one of the most enjoyable and interesting classes I've taken at Mason. He explains all the major drugs, what they do, and how they affect the body. His tests are a little difficult so make sure you study. However, he gives easy quizzes with extra credit, and the three papers he assigns aren't too hard. You'll get a good grade if you try.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. I came to every class, not out of fear or a sense of obligation, but because his classes are so entertaining. He makes the material simplistic and easy to learn. Hilarious, engaging, and empathetic to the struggles of a student. I didn't find his tests abnormally hard.   If you get the chance, take him!!
5.0 : He really knows his material and has an amazing way of explaining it. His humor really helps ease off tension and even remember the material, and ties in well with the info we are learning. Test are challenging but not impossible--must study. Very respectful of students. 3 papers for the semester that help boost your grade.  VERY INTERESTING CLASS!
4.5 : Why can't all professors be as outgoing as Bill?! Great class! Have slides ahead of time because he does move at a fast pace. One exam and one quiz is dropped. Tests are challenging but he does curve them. Quizzes have funny/non-related extra credit. 3 papers; abide by his formatting criteria and just put in effort to get an A on them. No textbook!
5.0 : He is a great professor, and one of the most relatable teachers I have had at Mason.  While comical and serious, he keeps the class entertaining and informative.   10/10 would recommend even if PYSC isn't something you're used to.
5.0 : Hands down best professor I've had at gmu. Take him, you won't regret it.
5.0 : I loved his class. Best professor I've had.
5.0 : One of the most interesting classes I have taken in my entire 4 years at Mason. Bill is very easy-going, funny, and among the very few professors whose lectures ACTUALLY help you understand and retain the material better. So going to class makes a big difference. Getting an A is definitely doable in this class. It's a must take!
5.0 : He is VERY CHILL and hilarious. Extra credit about TV shows and netflix on his quizzes. Very easy exams. Interesting class and easy A.
5.0 : This guy is great! I, unfortunately, took him online and was bummed about it, but he more than made up for it with recorded lecture videos. He's really funny, sarcastic and approachable. I really learned a lot in his class. It's not an easy A, his tests are pretty hard but this subject matter is not easy. Take this class, you'll be happy you did!
5.0 : Professor Kochen is by far the perfect professor. He WANTS you to get an A but you do need to do the work. His paper assignment are super easy. His exams are a little difficult but he does curve them and he does show interest to why you didn't do as good as you planned. He wants to hear from you always. His responsiveness is super fast and reliable
5.0 : By far one of the best psychology classes I took for my forensic psychology minor with the best professor! Unfortunately I took this class online, but the recorded lectures made up for it all. Makes you work for an A but he wants you to get an A and helps you achieve it. Tests are pretty hard. He is responsive to all your concerns. Def recommend!
5.0 : Will is hilarious and gives great detail in lectures. Use tophat to view lectures, some of the same questions will be on the test, and in the videos he mentions which parts to focus on for the tests. He can ask very specific questions on the test, so make sure you know the specifics for each drug.
5.0 : Awesome Professor. Super funny, and laid back. The grade comes from 4 tests and 4 quizzes, and 2 papers. As long as you pay attention in class you should get an A. I strongly recommend.
5.0 : Best professor Ive ever had at Mason. Love you Bill &lt;3
5.0 : Bill is probably one of the best professors I have had at Mason. Not only is he hilarious but it's obvious he knows what he's talking about. The course material is super interesting (Special topics- Drugs &amp; the Brain) however tests are hard but he gives you the opportunity to make up points with easy quizzes &amp; opinion papers. TAKE!!
4.5 : Bill is one of the best professors that I have taken here at GMU. His lectures are great and he provides great examples of the material. Test can be rather difficult if you don't come to class and study a good bit. Looking for a professor that will make you enjoy the material you are learning? Take Bill! Sit in the back row of his class too!
4.5 : Very knowledgeable. He always takes the time to carefully research each topic. He's very helpful and willing to take the time to make sure you understand the material. His tests are difficult, but if you pay attention during the lectures and study the slides you'll do fine.  You'll laugh a lot and he WILL make a joke if you are late. So don't be.
4.0 : super funny and quite attractive as well. extremely knowledgeable, willing to help if you need it, and keeps classes engaging with jokes/quips/stories/pop culture references. you need the textbook but it's online and includes the homework. tests are tough but he curves like crazy. would definitely take again.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors I've ever taken at Mason. His lectures are hilarious  and are easy to understand. He knows how to teach and cares about his students. He gives out a few tests which correlate with the lecture, but nothing to stress about. Defiantly recommend taking him, like I said, one of the best professors at Mason by far.
5.0 : Kochen is awesome. His exams are very representative of what's on the exam. Don't gotta read the book. Go to lectures, listen and over slides and you'll do fine in the class. He's really funny - makes class very enjoyable. Best psych professor.
5.0 : William/Bill is one of the best professors at mason! He's hilarious yet very informative! Take his class you wont regret it!
5.0 : Great professor. Put in the time. Go to office hours. Only time I used the book was for the second half of the semester for the homework questions. Do all the extra credit. Honestly, if you just try and show up for class you'll get an A.
4.0 : Reza is a good guy. He has a tiny bit of an accent but is easy to understand regardless. The class is a lot of work, with weekly assignments, quizzes for the first few weeks, a 2-part project, and tests. Tends to read off of the slides, but generally does a good job explaining things. You do a lot of practice problems in class which helps.
4.0 : He is a decent professor and reads off the slides most of the time. This is not necessarily a bad thing because the slides have all the information you need. There is a lot of homework and 3 exams which are harder than average but not terrible.
5.0 : Professor Reza is a great professor! Although the class material itself is heavy; he was willing to stay after class and explain it to you. The class has a 2-part project, homework, quizzes, two midterms and a final exam. Take advantage of the extra credit opportunities!
5.0 : Amazing professor. Amazing and easy class. 2 Projects. Homework assignments weekly. 2 midterms. One final exam. Easy. Make sure you understand the first half of the class though. Then you will know everything. If you're lost first half, you're lost for the whole semester/ exams.
5.0 : I enjoyed taking this class. Extra credit is available. For the first half of the semester there are quizzes before and after each class (think that's how it is for other sections). You can take the quiz multiple times to get 100%. Homework assignments are due every week. A two-part project. Practice problems in class are helpful for HW assignments
5.0 : Great professor. I would recommend him for 214. Does a lot of in class practice problems so make sure you follow along and do those and you should be fine. He is very helpful if you ever need help so don't be afraid to ask.
4.0 : Memorize the vocabs. I didn't and it was tough for me. Make sure you learn the queries as well tho. You get like 5/10 mins(VERY SHORT) for the pre/post quizzes which you do at home. A lot of work the first half of semester. Projects are pretty simple. There's plenty of extra credit. Overall, good professor. Attendance not needed, but go.
5.0 : Professor Murphy is the professor you want to take if you want to pass and learn. He's helpful, polite, considerate, and gives great feedback. His quizzes reflect his lectures word for word and he has real-life experience to bring to the table. You can realistically get an 'A' in his class if you just follow his syllabus. No tricks, no pop quizzes!
4.0 : Professor Murphy is exactly what teachers should be. Honest, responsive, and helpful. Always answers questions, welcomes feedback, explains difficult material. If you study, participate, and show up for class you will pass! Def take him!
5.0 : Murphy's class is straight forward and he is very patient with his students. His exams are tough, but he takes participation into account when determining your final grade, so there's some leniency in grading. Overall a good professor who genuinely wants his students to learn.
3.0 : Murphy is a great teacher. Super polite, smart, and is always willing to help his students. Attendance isn't mandatory, but he does take it into consideration when determining your final grade (it can only help you, it won't bring your grade down). Read the textbook!! You'll need it since his quizzes and exams are pretty tough.
4.5 : I took Professor Murphy for both Crim 220 and 424. He is one of my favorite professors at Mason. Respectful, Interesting and Understanding. 30% midterm, 40% final, 10% participation, 10% paper, 10% presentation. Only thing kind of annoying is that he won't post his lectures online so definitely take good notes!
5.0 : NICEST PROFESSOR EVER!! You won't regret taking him!
5.0 : He's great! Wants to make sure we understand the topic. There is a quiz every Wednesday which are fairly easy its always based on what you've learned the class before and its a great grade booster. One presentation of brief. Overall great professor, easy grader.
5.0 : AKA Kimberly Carisi.  Yes, she speaks as if it's a younger crowd, but I don't care.  She is very clear with her material, expectations, etc. There are 3 quizes, one midterm, and final, there is also extra credit. Her class is very dynamic, fun, and very interesting; props, video clips, case study's, etc. Definitely take her class, she is the nicest
5.0 : She is super nice! She tends to talk to the class as if we are in elementary school, but sometimes that helps when trying to understand confusing material. She does try and use up as much of the class time as she can. She brings in props, shows videos, and we do a lot of case studies and group work. Not a hard class, but attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : I have been putting this class off because I am a terrible writer. I'm a senior and this is hands down the easiest class. He keeps it real and acknowledges the stress students go through, so he is extremely laid-back and understanding. I recommend the online class because the project/papers are assigned to groups. I wrote a total of 3 pages.
4.5 : He is a cool and chill guy that use slack instead of blackboard. He is willingly to help you all the time. Very lenient and grade easily. I got A on all my assignments and I hate writing. Has group project, which annoys me b/c my group procrastinate a lot and I ended up doing the final myself. Not bad overall, and he cancels class pretty often! lol
5.0 : This class was AMAZING. I put off taking this class until my senior year at GMU because I always heard how difficult it was. Well, this class was awesome. The professors ALWAYS responded to your email the same day and was always understanding if you were late for an assignment. He treats his students like equals to himself. I got an A in the class!
5.0 : Great professor! His classes fill up so fast I am lucky I got in. When you register for classes try this one first! Really nice guy and an easy grader. I wish he could teach other classes. Easy A!
5.0 : Though the textbook was required, it was not used as much. The Professor is very helpful and has a great personality. He loves his job. Responds to any questions within 24 hours. This class has 3 essays. One 3 page analysis, 5 page group project, and min of 6 page research essay.  Most assignments will include short essays and response to posts.
5.0 : Very easy and chill professor. I (surprisingly) got perfect scores on every assignment, so he's not the type to read and nitpick. He's accessible on Slack and answers mostly every question. I'd recommend the online section if you can just because we once went 2 weeks with no assignments or anything from him, so we just chilled.
5.0 : Best professor in GMU. no heavy assignments  in this class just relax. I took the class over the summer and it was only 5 weeks, I only had to write two papers, one two pages and the second one is 4 pages, so over all i have wrote is 8 pages. I would really recomannded him. I am not a good writer and I got A in the class
5.0 : I took him online. The actual assignments were very easy, and most of them are 100% just based on completion. He is responsive to student needs and questions, and makes everything you need to do very clear.
4.0 : One of the easiest classes I've taken. Only issue with him is that he takes FOREVER to grade things and constantly pushes back deadlines because he cannot grade fast enough. Other than that, easy and not many assignments, lenient grading, and good feedback on papers. Gives you 5 "crisis" days as built in extensions to any assignment.
5.0 : Great professor, I'm glad I took him when I had the chance. He understands that his students have a life outside this class, which is all that I could ever ask for.
4.0 : Only 3 essays for the semester, not too long in length. One is a group project. No tests. Never showed up to class and got an A. Takes awhile to grade, but grades easy. Had other assignments planned but ended up only assigning one or two BB discussion posts. Great professor and very understanding.
4.0 : He knows what he is talking about and is a fair grader. He tries to make his lectures as engaging as possible and is enthusiastic about the topics. He makes class interactive and conversational. No textbook required, but he has online materials that you should read, though you can def get by without it. It's a lot of writing, but it's step by step.
2.0 : Ugh. I dreaded this class literally everyday. It isn't what you think it is. Folklore really is "everything" to him so no one is ever wrong in class, but somehow he finds that you're wrong in the papers and responses. He's also a stickler with attendance for literally no reason in my opinion. If you read you'll be fine, but it's hard to force it :/
4.0 : Take Professor Gatling! He cares about his students and is only an email or Skype call/message away. He is there to assist learning and truly challenges  your writing, reading, and analytical skills. The class was a full load/intense but was organized in a very step-by-step fashion. Every assignment built off each other. Enjoyable class!
5.0 : Professor Gatling is super passionate about Folklore and it shows in his lectures. I enjoyed this class and his teaching. Definitely show up, do the readings, participate in class discussions, and do the assignments. Would recommend taking his classes.
5.0 : Great professor. A lot of reading and a fair amount of writing. Show up, do the reading, participate, and do the work.
5.0 : Had him for Virginia Criminal Law, which requires no textbook and is basically picking apart the wording of different laws and being able to know when someone can be charged with something. He's very understanding of life crises, obviously cares about the well-being of his students,  and gives very comprehensive and challenging tests.
4.5 : Cuffee was great, although she did cancel class quite a bit.  Apparently this isn't unusual.  The course was fine except for the 3 "field trips"--1 visit to DC for a congressional hearing and two lobby visits.  Did not do the lobby visits and Cuffee was incredibly understanding.  There is a huge group project, but not any long papers.
5.0 : Prof. Cuffee is a gem of GMU. She has a ton of experience in the field and is great at conveying it to students. Very fair, approachable, funny, and professional instructor. Three papers and one easy group project. I learned a lot from Prof. Cuffee and would recommend her to any social work student.
5.0 : NIck is HILARIOUS! I failed Psych 317 a few years ago, but I got an A in his class. If you genuinely just pay attention to the material, you'll pass. He gives reviews the class before a test, and trust me they're AMAZING. If you are happy with your first 3 tests, you don't have to take the final. I took it at night, but he always let us out early.
2.0 : He's a genius and super hilarious but assumes that his students know all the materiel as well. He rushes through a 3hr lecture in an hr and your left completely confused. You deff. have to study and teach the material yourself and exams are really difficult. I got an A+ but worked really hard for it!
5.0 : Pretty much just an oversized student teaching a psychology class. Either buy the textbook or pay attention in class, you don't have to do both. If you've taken a small psychology class in high school, his intro to psyc class is an absolute breeze. In short, just have fun!
5.0 : He is pretty funny and cares about his students although he says class is not mandatory, he still wants you to be there. Powerpoints are online and its pretty much from the textbook.  Only midterm and final but the questions are straight forward. As long as you study the slides you will do good on the tests.
5.0 : Honestly, there shouldn't be a single bad review for this professor. He was so easy, nice, and has a fun attitude! 3 exams, 1 final. and 1 essay. attendance isn't mandatory and exams are easy if you study for 3 hours and go to the review session and fill out the study guide. He's a great guy with a great personality and its an EASY A!!
4.5 : Took psyc 304 lab with Nick and could not be happier. He is easy going and fun. He made boring labs more interesting somehow. Easy grader, clear in his expectations, and super helpful. Take him and you won't be sorry.
4.0 : If you're looking for an easy A definitely take his class, the exams do require a bit studying, but he gets some if not most questions from Quizlet. He also has a really great sense of humor and is an overall great professor!  I also believe he drops one of your exam grades!
5.0 : Super easy and funny class. Professor Hertz drops your lowest test grade, gives extra credit, and posts lectures online so tests are easy.  Attendance isn't mandatory but encouraged  because his lectures are always funny.
5.0 : Great Prof, he is funny and energetic during lectures, always does an in depth review that basically gives you the exam answers, attendance is not mandatory however class is worth attending and he give extra credit if you are there. Def recommend!
4.0 : Professor Hertz is a solid choice if you want an easy A! He offers a lot of extra credit just for showing up to class, or for doing extra research studies. His exams are all multiple choice and he usually has review days where he basically gives you the answers. I barely cracked open the textbook because all of the info was on powerpoint slides.
4.0 : Really fun teacher, he makes a dry intro course very fun. There are only four tests with the lowest grade being dropped. The tests are not overly hard but not easy. You are going to have to study. He will sometimes give out a study guide to help. While you do not need to go to class, if you do, he gives out a ton of extra credit.
1.0 : Honestly, he does not care about his students (he's a grad student). He cancels multiple classes and expects you to learn a bunch of material on your own and, if you're like me and you're juggling multiple jobs and a full course load, he only reads off of powerpoints which is not only boring but ineffective. Reporting him to Mason administration.
5.0 : Nick really tries to keep the class fun and engaging, often with the use of videos to teach certain concepts (also, he's hilarious and relatable). Attendance isn't mandatory, but showing up and being attentive will cut down on the time spent reading each chapter, &amp; maybe earn you extra credit. Very responsive over email &amp; tests are decent. Take him
5.0 : I used the textbook only when I missed his class. He teaches straight from the book. Puts up slides on blackboard, but they're vague so take some notes. He's super chill and funny so go to lectures if you can, it's worth it. He'll tell you EXACTLY what will be asked on the tests, so go to the lectures right before tests! Gives study guides too.
5.0 : Making an intro class fun and engaging is, from my understanding, pretty hard, but Prof. Hertz manages to make it happen.  He's funny, his lectures are comprehensive, and he genuinely cares about his students (all 300 of us).  His tests are fair and cover only material we've already gone over, so study the powerpoints and you'll be fine.
4.0 : Professor Hertz is pretty cool since he makes the class fun and gives extra credit whenever he feels like it! He gives extra credit to those who attends class on certain days, so make sure you attend class although attendance is not mandatory. Overall, he is a pretty good lecturer
4.0 : Easy class. 3 Tests 1 Final. Gives study guides and puts all the powerpoint on Blackboard. Attendance is not mandatory because he reads off the slides. You can skip class and still pass. Tests come from the study guide so do the study guide!!! Requires SONA research participation which sucks because spots get taken quickly.
4.0 : Hey guys! Professor Hertz has a great sense of humor and teaches the information well. His syllabus however is unclear. When I had to email him for clarification, he was snippy with me. Other than that, he is a solid choice.
5.0 : Nick Hertz is the best professor! He gives amazing lectures and makes the course very fun. I am so glad I took this class. I attended every lecture and did awesome on the tests.
5.0 : Kind, funny, smart, professor Hertz managed to make this class enjoyable, easy, and informative all at the same time. I made an easy A and didn't even touch the textbook. 3midterms, 1final, but he takes the highest 3 exam, so you don't have to take the final if you did well on the midterms. His slides are on blackboard, and he gives extra credit!
5.0 : He's really funny, I like his lectures, he's very young and makes lectures fun by asking us questions about controversial topics. He's interested in our opinions and wants to challenge our way of thinking.
5.0 : If you want an easy A with a hilarious professor, take him! He is very relatable and understanding. There is absolutely no homework and you do not even have to read the book. There are only 4 tests and he drops the lowest one. There are also opportunities for extra credit. Easiest class ever with one of the funniest professors. It was refreshing.
5.0 : It's entry level psychology so it wasn't very interesting but he did show a lot of videos and did some presentations that helped keep the lectures interesting. He has discussion question in almost every chapter and he likes for the students to participate in them but your not required to speak. He also gives extra credit when the class is small.
4.5 : Hertz is an amazing Graduate student at Mason so he understands what we're going through as undergrads. He is really funny and tells stories that are either relevant or irrelevant for course but they are still funny. The course is long because it was a night class so it was 3 hours long, but he still tries to make it interesting. Would take again!
5.0 : I love him! I took him my first semester, it was a great choice! It was a really easy class. There are just 4 tests and some research credits which are easy to get.  He is funny and makes class entertaining at times, but it is lecture heavy. But coming to class isn't mandatory. But I definitely recommend him and would take him again any time.
5.0 : He's honestly one of the most hilarious &amp; chill professor I've ever had so far. Lectures consist of his slides but he makes it interesting so it wouldn't hurt to show up; plus he gives out extra credit when there's not too many people there. Tests are straightforward, just pay attention during the review! Textbooks are not needed to pass; easy A.
5.0 : Absolutely HILARIOUS - speaks to students in an honest, engaging way. Attendance is not mandatory, but you won't have to read the book (which I didn't) if you just go to class. Only bad thing is his classes are straight powerpoint-reading lectures, so they're super dry, but he makes up for it with his humor. Takes best 3 of 4 exams. Easy class.
5.0 : I absolutely adore this professor. If you are looking to take a class that is interesting, fun, and just an overall nice break from other intense science coursework this is the class for you and the professor to take it with. His exam reviews are straightforward and helpful and I never left class without smiling at least once.
4.0 : He is a nice person but his jokes are a little weird. Did not really learn much in his class. Easy A. Just do the extra SONA credit and you will get an A.
4.0 : Best professor I have taken at Mason so far. Great lectures and he is very funny. Really cares about his students and makes an effort to make class interesting and worth going to. Will give extra credit to those who go if not a lot of people showed up that day, however attendance is not mandatory. Tests are not that bad and the final is comulative.
5.0 : The most chill guy. Attendance is not mandatory, and grade is based on 3 curved tests and a final, the lowest of which gets dropped (as well as easy research points). Funny guy, explains concepts very well, neat-dresser, all around great person. No homework. Easiest class for me all year.
4.5 : Professor Hertz delivered the material for the lectures in a clear and concise way. Definitely enjoyed his sense of humor, made the class more fun. Very straightforward about grading and what is expected to be known on tests. I would absolutely take him again were he teaching a similarly leveled course.
4.0 : Definitely a very easy class. If you're satisfied with the first 3 test grades you don't have to take the final/lowest grade is dropped. Review day before exams are a life savor. Easy to understand.
4.5 : He explains the labs clearly and will help if needed. I hate Biology, but it was a requirement. He is a patient lab instructor, and I took him twice: Intro to Bio I and Intro to Bio II.
5.0 : Gives great study guides and is extremely helpful. I recommend him to everyone. Just try not to get Teunis as your lab professor when you sign up for him
5.0 : Amazing teacher class was interesting and fun. His tests are fairly simple as long as you do the study guides. He also curves grades so the highest grade is a 100%.
5.0 : He gives good lectures and the tests are pretty easy. He understands that most of his students are non-bio majors so he isn't intense and he makes the information pretty good to understand. He also posts Study Guides and he has review questions if you come to class. Lots of people don't come, but I think coming to class is helpful.
5.0 : Luis is the best lab instructor I have ever had!! Come to class and you will do well. He is funny, understanding, and makes a sometimes tough subject fun! Loved going to lab and am sad it's over
5.0 : Although I don't like biology, he is one who save me! Interesting lecture, never get bored; clear study guide; exam really reflects the study guide he gave; patient and nice!!
4.5 : Professor Rodriguez is a great teacher to have, I totally recommend him. His lectures can get a little boring but he has lots of enthusiasm and energy. He definitely knows what he is talking about. At the beginning of each lecture he goes over future questions for future tests. A great class
5.0 : Professor Rodriguez is an awesome professor for BIO104. He tries to make lectures interesting and definitely knows what he is talking about. The course is clearly laid out and very easy to follow. 2 exams and online homework due every Sunday.  Would take him again!
4.0 : Very lively lecturer! He is very passionate about what he teaches. Material is relatively easy. Exams are long and involve a lot of studying. Make sure you complete his study guides, they are very similar to the exam just in a study guide format.
5.0 : I literally can't stand biology and without Luis as my lab instructor I would have dropped the class. Taking a lab? Get Luis. He is funny, great at giving directions, and great at giving help when needed. Come to class and you will pass, no problem.
5.0 : Best Biology Professor! Gives study guides that are based on the test. Gives 5 questions based on the exams in the beginning of every class. Keeps the lectures short and engaging. There is online homework due every Sunday, these are easy points so try getting 100%. Curves the tests to make sure average is good.  Very nice professor!
5.0 : Take your lab with him!  He's a great instructor.  He's very clear on everything.  Make sure you keep up with your assignments.  He won't take any points off until the end of the day of the lab day.  He's very helpful!  Make sure you do your pre-labs, sometimes he will surprise you with a pop quiz.
5.0 : Mr. Rodriguez was an easy lab instructor, but I still learned a lot. He was an easy grader but still expected you to work hard. He was extremely helpful and willing to explain information. Best bio instructor for a non-bio major!
5.0 : Luis is a very easy and approachable lab instructor. Definitely take him! Expect some pop quizzes but they are not that hard. They are basically questions from the pre-lab. Keep up with the assignments and the labs will be a breeze! The labs don't take up much time and we usually got done within an hour.
4.5 : Dr. Mattix Foster is a wonderful professor who is very prepared and organized, clear in expectations, and reasonable and helpful with her feedback!
4.5 : Dr. Mattix Foster is one of the most well organized professors I've ever sat under. She is clear in what she expects, works hard, and will always give good feedback. She's very knowledgable in a number of areas and willing to help outside of class time.
5.0 : Dr. Mattix Foster is one of the best faculty members I've ever worked under. The first time I ever met with her, I discovered we had similar research interests. When I returned home from our meeting, I discovered an email from her with several articles related to my research! She is attentive, organized, and above all a great mentor!
5.0 : She's the best!
3.0 : This class was ok. She takes a long time to grade things and does not provide feedback. It is an online course so just be ready for a lot of discussion boards!
5.0 : She is one of the most sweetest professor at George Mason!! very helpful .. makes class so very fun and exciting! come to class and do the work and you will get an A !!
4.5 : AMAZINING PROFESSOR I LOVE HER !
5.0 : I was dreading taking this class because I had never worked with a camera before but Professor Mantelli is the BEST. Very nurturing and cares about your concerns regarding the assignment. As long as you put in some effort you will pass. Great Great lady!
5.0 : I didn't want to say easy A because its not. You have weekly quizzes assigned with your readings, and you have film projects due every 2 weeks or so. The film projects may be difficult at times, especially if you live off campus.  The positive is that she's just awesome all around, funny, and has been in the business for 30 years! (knows whats up)
5.0 : He's great, just make sure you don't do stupid stuff and get on his bad side. An attendance sign goes around every class, so come go to class! Only 2 papers during the whole semester but lots of reading quizzes!
5.0 : Colleen is one of my favorite professors at GMU. She has a lot of experience and knowledge on the topic and will open your eyes to what's really happening in classrooms; her lectures were engaging and she really wants to hear what the students have to say to continue the discussion. I would definitely recommend taking this class with her!
5.0 : Colleen knows her stuff. Her class was very engaging and opens your eyes to the MANY different sides of education. Even though she is young, she has a lot of experience which allows her to give great advice and interesting topics. As long as you do the work and readings you will be fine in class. She wants you to succeed in her class.
5.0 : Colleen is a great professor and wants her students to succeed. She is an educator which means she actually knows how to teach and engage her students. You can tell she really cares for her job. She allows her students to give feedback and engage in conversations in class. This class is more of a talking class that lecture which his great!
5.0 : Easily the best lecturer at GMU.  This class was not an easy A, she makes it that way. listen to lecture and take notes and you should be set. The way she teaches and gives power points, you really don't have to get the book. I really enjoyed her talks in class and she is the type of teacher that will go out of the way if you ask for help take her!
5.0 : Honestly, highkey in love with her. She made the class so easy, and I truly felt like I learned something. She was super easy to talk to and has a cute dog.
2.0 : She's a graduate student and it shows on the exams/quizzes. I don't understand how the exams/quizzes are so flawed when she taught this class before. The exams are at a difficulty level above what this class should entail(A&amp;B,A,B&amp;C,etc).She has told us the exams aren't meant to be difficult, (they are, I'm a 4.0 student and find them difficult)
5.0 : Her examples in lecture are used on quizzes/exams. 3 exams+ Online final. Weekly quizzes and worksheets that count for credit. I learned a lot by her and the use of her examples in lecture. Study the powerpoints and go to class, you'll be fine. You need to study to do well on exams and quizzes. She's also very flexible, kind, and will work with you
5.0 : Not only did I enjoy this class, but I learned so much. As long as you go to class and take notes you will do well on the exams. Study guides are provided and a weekly quiz will help you pass the exams. She is easy to talk to and will answer any question you have!
4.0 : Her lectures are really relatable and she genuinely wants you to learn the material. Her quizzes and exams are actually pretty hard so be sure to study off of the powerpoints she gives you. The lab portion of this class is a mess though. It is not her fault since it is run by another professor. Overall she is a solid choice
5.0 : She's great, no textbook and she has great powerpoints. It's important to go to class because she emphasizes the points. Quizzes basically after every chapter and a few tests from the powerpoints. She lowers 2 quiz grades and final is take home/open notes. Lectures are super interesting and I had it at 9am.
5.0 : This class has a lot of material to cover, but Kristen does a great job tying it all together. She really cares about her students. She is very available for help/feedback, and gives everyone as much assistance as she can in-lecture. Her expectations are clear, lectures are interesting, and makes the course flow well. Overall, a great instructor.
5.0 : This was the only class I really looked forward to going to every week.  I loved learning as much as I did about the structure and function of the brain!  Kristen is a good instructor, very fair and consistent.  She made the course expectations clear, updated the gradebook punctually, and offered her feedback/assistance every class.  Loved her!
5.0 : All you have to do is go to class and pay attention. Lectures are so clear that it's probably more difficult to fail than it is to pass. She requires almost zero reading. She is funny and really nice!
5.0 : Kristen is a real gem and definitely made this class a breeze. Detailed powerpoints available to reference later on, lecture is always interesting and never boring. Warns you when your next quiz will be and is always available for questions in person or via email. Amazing instructor, would definitely take again.
5.0 : Professor Luna is one of the best at GMU.  Learning a new language is challenging, but Prof. Luna truly cares about her students and really goes out of her way to make sure everyone understands the content before exams.  She is also one of the most understanding, kindest, and flexible professors I have ever had.  Definitely recommend!
4.0 : She is best!!!!
4.0 : She mainly speaks in Spanish, which can be tough for some people but it is very simple for me. There is a lot of book work and partner work during the class. You have to buy the book and the super site because that is where your homework is.
5.0 : Prof. Hogue was awesome. Super chill/laid back. Take him for 213 but be ready for a lot of tedious work with a textbook that is required to do the labs/hw/projects (all 213 classes have it). He does give pop quizzes, but they're simple so just make sure you go to lecture. Class is an easy A so long as you do put in the time for the long work.
5.0 : Professor Hogue is one of the chillest professors that teaches IT 213. The course itself is already easy enough, but he makes it even easier. He is an easy grader and he curve midtermfinal as well. All project and assignment have step by step instruction on how to complete them. So if you can read and follow instruction. You are guarantee an A.
5.0 : He is a great professor!
5.0 : Hogue is definitely one of the best professors I've had. His class is super chill and he tells you everything you need to know to pass. None of the assignments are hard, but a few are tedious. He even gives you pointers for when you take 207. The class is easy, the professor's cool, and I had a great time.
5.0 : Excellent professor.  He brings his professional experience into his teaching. i learned many things from dreamweaver, photoshop and flash to all the material related to website and designing. He made sure that student learn whatever they suppose to learn. I recommend prof William to new student. Good luck.
5.0 : Excellent professor. I would highly recommend  student to take him. He brings his professional experience to the class and that helps a lot.
5.0 : This is before the IT 213 revamp when we were taught dreamweaver and all the other adobe cloud programs. Super easy. Show up and do the work. Got an A+. Professor Hogue himself is a cool guy though! His lectures are "modern" as he tries to add more fun/interesting elements. Pics, guest speaker, live demos etc
5.0 : I used to think Professor Hogue was a really cool guy, but then I saw him walking around campus with a rolling backpack. He's a great professor, but I can't get the image of him rolling around his backpack out of my mind.
5.0 : He's a nice, chill, and easy grader. Follow the rubrics for the project parts to get an A. Midterm was hard and was curved. There's a review before every pop quiz. Pop quizzes are four easy questions. Class is a bit boring as he reads off ppts. Buy the lab book because you will need it.
5.0 : The class is really straightforward and Professor Hogue always walks through the project requirements. The lab work is pretty dry but very easy. The lectures can be a bit dry as well, but Hogue will usually bring in extra information/examples to talk about and try to make the class more interesting.
3.5 : Lots of assignments! Just follow the directions for the projects and you get full credit, if you have any questions about anything just email him and he's very helpful. He just reads off lecture slides, but attend class for the pop quizzes! Really easy class if you just do the work!
4.0 : A great class, great teaching.  She isn't going to hold your hand as she shouldn't, but when you need help you can get it.  Great stories, experience, guest speakers, knowledge - it's all there.
5.0 : Excellent professor. The class is fun and engaging. Definitely encourage students of all majors to take this course!
4.0 : Weekly quizzes (sometimes challenging,) midterm, final, and short weekly discussion board posts. Usually wanted to write more than required in posts - easy. Textbook was dry, but supplemented with weekly documentary and a movie. Usually gave a choice between 2 movies - I like choices! Gives easy extra credit. Nice guy. Would definitely take again!
5.0 : This is the best class to take for your arts credit. Not only are you watching movies and learning about them, but it's easy and fun. I was taking three lab science courses and needed a lighter/easier course, and this was definitely it. The midterm was basically summaries of articles and the final came from the past quizzes. Truly an awesome class.
5.0 : There are weekly online quizzes and discussion boards, as well as one movie assigned each week. The class is really fun and as long as you do the weekly assignments and come to most classes then you will do well.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER!
5.0 : Prof Lillie was a great professor! He makes class enjoyable by telling jokes and showing the class interesting videos. He went out of his way to prepare the class well for the midterm and final exams. He really cares for the students. Def. recommend.
5.0 : He cares about his students and he makes it so easy to learn in his class. You always know what to expect. You have to do the homework but it's never overwhelming. If you put in effort you can definitely get an A
5.0 : Excellent professor who genuinely cares about you as a person. If the homework is written by another professor and he deems it too tough, poorly worded, or just awful, he will revise it or not assign it. Makes sure that the stuff on the slides is what is on the exam. Does not deal in trick questions. Show up, do homework, you get an A. Take him.
5.0 : He's a real G, keeping it real in the hood. He's a great professor, the hw is kinda difficult but just put in the effort and you'll be fine. Make sure you come to class as he gives good study material for the exams!
5.0 : Good professor, makes review for midterm and final clear by going over what questions will be on it, cuts the bs. Because of his review session I got a 100 on the midterm. Do the homework and go to class you'll be good. Makes corny jokes to make a long lecture a little more light.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Mason.  The review for the final and midterm are exactly what you need to know, he doesn't try to trick you or BS you like a lot of other professors.  He keeps the lectures as interesting as he can and doesn't try to kill you with death by powerpoint.  He gives you many chances to improve your grade as well.
5.0 : Professor Lillie is the best professor I've taken since I've been here. He is very clear on what you should know for exams and provides all required materials necessary to pass with a great grade. I would definitely take him again any semester.
5.0 : Really nice guy. Has a sense of humor. Great intentions, tries to make lectures as interesting as possible with what he is working with. Textbook unnecessary, and there was about one hour-long assignment each week. Not a very had class. I definitely recommend Professer Lillie!
5.0 : He is hands down the best IT 300 professor. Take it with him
5.0 : Was split into different sections with homework every night. Sometimes it was REALLY time consuming, other times it was 30 minutes. Teacher is by far the best for this class. He defiantly wants you to learn the information and pass the class. I would ABSOLUTELY take him again. One big group project where your grade depends on your groups avaliblity
5.0 : Just awesome, he knows class is dry shortens the lecture and still manages to teach everything you need to know
5.0 : Always makes you laugh and ensures you learn the most important material. I messed up big time on group project but Prof. Lillie stepped in and saved the day (and my grade). I've had my fair share of IT Professors and he has been by far the best. He's a big player at the DOD too so he knows what hes talking about.  In summation, What a guy!
5.0 : Professor Lillie is a great teacher. Highly recommended! IT course content can often be pretty dry, but he makes up for it with enthusiasm and his sense of humor. You can tell that he genuinely cares about his students.
5.0 : He's a great professor. Jokes. Wants students to pass. Good guides for exams. The lectures were painfully long though. It's really hard to stay awake. Maybe a 5-10 mins break between lectures would be cool if it's a long class (hint hint). Homeworks might look different but if you go over the slides, examples will always be there. Group Paper also.
5.0 : Professor Lillie tries his best to make his lectures as engaging as possible. His review sessions for the midterm and final exam are extremely helpful. He really goes out of his way to make sure everyone excels on the exams. A research paper is required for this course, but you should do well if you put in the time and effort.
5.0 : Professor Lille is the best professor I had at Mason period. He wants you to learn the material and really cares about the students. If you show up to class, do the homework and work great in groups you will be rewarded with an A. Don't skip class or else you will have a big surprise come midterm and final.
5.0 : Professor Lillie is by far the best you can get. He truly cares about his students. If you attend class and do the assignment you will pass. His reviews sessions are basically the tests. He gives extra credit. The lectures can get pretty dry but he will make sure you get the material. The group paper is not bad.
5.0 : One of the BEST professors, if not, THE BEST. He explains the material very well and the exams are not difficult. The key to passing this course is to pay attention. His powerpoint slides are really helpful. He really is the G.O.A.T.
5.0 : Having seen some good professors though my years at mason, Prof. Lillie stands out the most. Not only was he an amazing teacher, who did the best possible job to make sure every student not only knew everything in the curriculum, but he was also devoted to every students success in the class. He's a helpful teacher who just wants students to learn!
5.0 : Awesome sauce! Go Navy!!
5.0 : He is a lovely professor  and genuinely cares about the students.  His lecture was interesting. However, he uses too many videos in his lecture. Overall, a great professor and would take him again.
5.0 : This guy is awesome! Lectures are interesting, and he uses a lot of videos. Loved that he used videos from channels such a LinusTech Tips. He's also really funny. Take him, you won't regret it!
5.0 : He is a great guy who teaches an interesting class
5.0 : He is nice and knows lecture is long and dry. He makes it dense and easy for student. Focus on midterm, final, and paper; you will pass.
4.0 : He's like a late night talk show host. Know the general content to do the homework, but it is graded by participation, so as long as you do it you're good. Also, he REALLY prepares you for the midterms and finals, so don't even worry about them. Don't plagiarize! (it's a BIG NO NO)
5.0 : PLEASE take this class!! He is really kind and generous about an exam and assignment.
5.0 : Everything on the Exam are covered by him. Take this class and you will pass.
5.0 : Take him and you won't regret. He is really caring and funny professor. The project description is confusing, but he is not the person who wrote the project description. He is very strict about plagiarism, so DO NOT PLAGIARISM!!!
5.0 : Goofy guy that will keep you entertained in the class if you are interested in IT despite the long lectures. He gives tons of extra credit and provides a study guide that is essentially an exam. I would take him again if the opportunity presented itself.
5.0 : Best professor I've had yet. He really inspired me to pursue network and telecommunication, he also provided a lot of updates on IT current events which really kept me engaged in class. He also dresses really nice which is cool too. I never rate professors up here but since hes so close to a 5/5 I had to. Professor Lillie if you see this you rock!
3.0 : I don't understand why all these comments say he's the best and etc. He doesn't make it easy you have to put time in and actually study the material. The class is hard in general and is taught using the same slides and etc. by every professor. You just have to study period.
5.0 : Gives couple opportunities for extra credit. He pretty much gives you the answers to the exams.
5.0 : Professor lillie is very straight forward. He goes on powerpoint slides that are very detailed and compatible with the the exams that you will have to take in the class. Attend class and it's an easy A
5.0 : Great professor, on par with the students and likes to talk about funny stuff in lectures. Make sure to be persistent in getting touch with him if you have a problem, otherwise the class should be pretty smooth.
5.0 : The most caring professor I have ever had! He wants you to succeed and will provide you with all that you need in order to understand the material. Clear grading criteria. Plenty of opportunity for extra credit. IF you don't take him, gl
5.0 : Professor Lillie gives the most amazing lectures and is hilarious. I took IT 105 as a three hour lecture and he makes it feel like a half hour. Professor Lillie wants his students to do well and makes the course easier to understand for all student not just IT majors.
5.0 : The professor makes the class an easy A. He literally tells you what is going to be on the exams by summarizing everything onto a powerpoint. There's tons of extra credit and sometimes redo assignments. This professor basically cares if learn the material rather than trying to punish you for not mastering it. Easy A, 10/10 IGN.
5.0 : Professor Lillie is an awesome professor. He is really funny, is friendly and is there for his students. As a freshman I thought I would struggle in this class, but professor made the class really interesting and fun. There is a group project, gives pop quizzes if people don't show up to class, and makes lecture interesting.
5.0 : This was one of the easiest class I took In fall 2017. Professor Lillie is pretty cool and funny which makes this class very interesting. There are only 2 exams but there is homework due every week. However, it is not that hard. Professor Lillie talks about Certifications in the class which is great and helpful. I would take him again.
5.0 : If it was not for Professor Lillie, I would of fail IT 105. Attendance is not mandatory but if you don't go to his lectures, be ready to get a bad grade. He cares about his students and gives a clear study guide. He gives you everything you need to get a good grade for IT 105. He is the right professor to take in IT 105. I do not recommend Dr R....
5.0 : Take him, he is really good. You will get an A if you worked for it. I learned a lot from him and I will take him again for IT 335.
4.0 : The course wasn't great, but he made the most out of what he was given. Super lenient with grading and is a super nice guy, made tests easy to study for.
5.0 : Great professor and a great guy. I've never had a professor that can interact and relate to students as much as he does, especially in a large lecture style class. The course, however, is terrible. The structure makes no sense. If Professor Lillie was in charge, the course would without a doubt be better off.
5.0 : Best teacher ever. Nothing about him was bad except for the fact that some lectures get boring. For the mid-term and final exam, he basically goes over the test indirectly and lets you know exactly whats going to be on it. Great teacher if you put in the effort and much effort isn't really needed. Weekly homework is given but doable. Worth taking!!
5.0 : Professor lillie was an amazing professor who helped his students out the most. He would walk you over the exam materials and tell you what to study for.  Very easy grading. I would definitely take him you want an A in this class.
5.0 : He knows lecture is dry and long but he goes through it quick enough so class usually finish 30 mins earlier. Exam need preparation but guarantee pass. Recommended!
5.0 : Michael Lillie.. Best professor ever. hands down. Easy A.. just be there because he will give you extra participation grade. midterms and finals are easy. just prep yourself with practice exam. There is group project and presentation.  I just finished the last exam for this course!
5.0 : Great professor Slides are boring but if you want to learn you will learn from this professor! Loved vids. Easy A class but you have to work for it. Attend class since there is participation grades. Homeworks are easy as well. Group research - choose ur own topic. Exams are great as long as you practice and pay attention you will get good grade.
5.0 : Professor Lillie was overall an awesome professor. As this being one of my first IT classes, he made it more enjoyable than the others. Some of the lectures may get boring, but normally he tried to throw in a couple jokes to keep it interesting. He made sure you were more than well prepared for the midterm and final. Overall an awesome professor!
5.0 : A great professor as well as a great person in general. He really cared for the students and made the class very enjoyable.
5.0 : Wonderful journey with him. Nice guys and understand student. Lecture is pretty long but informative. He focuses on what will be on exam. Homework are so so. Expect project with your own topic. Good preparation will give you good grade on exam. Overall, Great!
4.5 : Professor was very helpful and was always willing to help each student. Material can be dry at times, but professor Lillie does a good job of presenting it so it isn't so boring. He is very fair when it comes to grading, very understanding with each student, and very respectful. Just be willing to learn, do each assignment, and show respect for him
4.5 : Such a respectful professor. Really cares about his students and I thoroughly enjoyed his class. He gives you all the questions for the midterm and the final. Put effort into the project and homework and you should breeze by if you attend the lectures. Highly recommended.
5.0 : One word: GOAT. Period
5.0 : The best professor at GMU for IT 300. The course has boring and outdated content but Prof. Lillie makes it more interesting. He respects his students. Mid-term and Final are a subset of review questions that he give right before the exams. Group project is a 12 page research paper with a group of 4 people. Take is with Lllie and u'll get an easy A.
4.0 : She failed many of her students and made exams extra challenging. No freebies!
4.0 : This class was challenging as are all accounting classes they all have to use the same curriculum and are not allowed to give study help, but Sohn was a great teacher helped as much as she could and was available to meet easily. I would recommend taking her as she is a lot better than all of the other teachers
4.0 : This class was hard however it is not because of the professor, every ACCT 301 class at Mason is the same. Professor Sohn did a great job making sure you understood and she covered the stuff in lectures that you need for the exam. She spoke clearly and provided clear examples. I would recommend her but be prepared for a tough class!
5.0 : Professor Sohn have been doing exam reviews to help her student do better. She is there for you in her office hours and would gladly take the extra mile to help you understand the material. I recommend her, however the material is a bit hard and exams can get a little tricky.
4.5 : Amazing professor.. Take her if you want to pass ACC 301 with a good grade.. Very helpful and grades fairly..
5.0 : I took this class with an understanding of most of the material, yet, I went to every lecture; so she is not boring! The tests were to the point and had a few trick questions but she gave partial credit if you showed work and were on the right track. A classmate said she enrolled in the same course with 2 other professors and Sohn was the best one.
4.0 : This prof. is the best. I have never rated here before, but after taking prof. Sohn I felt compelled to do it.  Students who want to learn and understand accounting need to register for her classes. I have a lot of respect for her.
5.0 : Best Accounting Professor! Unlike other accounting professors She doesn't spending time in class warning students how accounting is so difficult instead she explains the material so well and help students understand the material. Take her you won't regret.
2.0 : Avoid this professor if you can.
4.5 : Make sure you follow her syllabus on due dates for assignments. She does take attendance so be there to get credit. There are group presentations which she put high expectations in even just from the beginning so be prepared. 2 individual projects on excel and access. 2 take home exams, 2 in-class exams, 2 related assignment exams.
3.5 : She's a wonderful person and she cares, but she's also unorganized and confusing. Grading was tough because I wasn't really sure what she wanted. You are assigned to a group for basically the entire semester. Two presentations, lots of Access and Excel assignments. TEXTBOOK: really you only need it for the Access and Excel assignment directions.
4.0 : Initially, I was very uneasy about Professor Deans - she is fairly unorganized and classes are all over the place and involve a lot of random group work. However, as the semester went on I realized that she truly cares about her students. Professor Deans ended up being on of the better professors I've had at Mason and I would recommend her overall.
2.0 : Professor Deans is nice but she was unclear about assignments which made it confusing. She just expected us to know everything. Her lectures were a little too long and boring. She's really enthusiastic about MIS though. Final exam is a take homeopen note exam which is also a huge plus. There are two presentations in the class and lots of groupwork
5.0 : The first couple days of the class I thought I was doomed. It appeared that she gave way too much homework to do in a short amount of time and I had no clue how she would grade things. But after a few weeks I saw how caring and passionate she was as a teacher. She is also fairly easy when it comes to grading!
5.0 : Group work consists: (3 excel and 3 access assignments) 5% Group presentations: 3 topics presented and all add up to 5%, one business case (she'll randomly pick presenters) 5%, &amp; Team Case Analysis 10% Individual work: 1 access assign. 10% 1 excel assign. 10% 1 excel exam 5% 1 access exam 5%, Exam 1 is 15%, Exam 2  is 15%  Last attendance 15%
5.0 : I took it in summer. She gave group project and individual projects to work on excel and assess. For beginner on excel and assess, it doesnt requires some times to learn by yourself. However, she is really clear with what she want on assignment. she does have lot of assignment, but she is a easy grader. Take attendance really serious.
5.0 : Short, intense summer class.  There are lots' of assignments, some of them group assignments.  Attend all classes, she takes attendance.  Very fair grader.  A very good teacher who will teach you about management information systems.
4.5 : Not sure what she does for a regular semester but taking her in summer for one month was intense.  Expect to put in a lot of work because there was always something due. She squeezes everything out of you until it's over. The individual Excel and Access projects were the toughest but they weren't that bad. Take her if you want to learn.
5.0 : Dr. Deans is a wonderful professor. Lots of group presentations and a few low weight quizzes and exams make up your grade for this class. Put in the effort and you'll get an A. Professor Deans really knows the IT business world and teaches you a lot about the future through group discussion and lecture. Interesting take on teaching.
4.0 : Lots of group project but she is not a tough grader. I took it during the summer and there was group project due every week. Over all good class, I would recommend her.
5.0 : Really nice professor, just go to each class because she takes attendance heavily.  This class is an easy A class if you do your work and show up to class.
4.0 : She is very passionate about MIS and she has a lot of experience in the field. Going to class is mandatory. There are 3 excel assignments and 3 access assignments, an access and excel quiz and project for each, a mid term and a final, and a group "tech topic" project that you do with your group. Also is lenient with assignment due dates. Overall
5.0 : Great Professor. The class was confusing at the beginning and there was a lot of assigned HW and group projects, yet it was easy. A midterm and a final, take notes on what she writes/says in class and make sure you know everything in the study guide she gives. Take her!!
4.0 : Prof. Deans is a very good professor at GMU. She has a clear grading criteria. Her assignments and projects are clear, concise, and to the point. She makes lectures and projects really fun and engaging. I highly recommend taking her.
5.0 : She takes attendance seriously. Be in class, turn in assignments on time (not hard), and u'll be looking for a good grade in this class. Enjoyed it!
5.0 : Dr. Deans is one of the best professors on GMU hands down.
5.0 : Professor Deans is an awesome professor! She is very lenient when it comes down to grading. There are a lot of group projects. However, she made the projects very fun and engaging. Professor Deans taught me a lot of important skills I could use in the future.
3.0 : Entire semester was a group project, with a few individual assignments. Attendance got me the A in the class. She's very unorganized, but she's nice. Some people in my group ended up with C's because they skipped class a lot, so GO TO CLASS!!! You teach yourself Access and Excel for the projects. My group joked we were the ones teaching her.
4.0 : I'm not entirely sure if I learned anything but this class is definitely an easy A. Don't expect any lectures on Access or Excel. She really likes to talk about just technology and have discussions. The whole semester you work on group projects so make sure you pick a good group. It was a really dumb class but she is really nice and easy grader.
4.5 : Great professor - one of my favorites - she brings years of past performance to her current position and is truly passionate about what she teaches. There is a lot of work, mostly in teams, but nothing overwhelming; just manage your time. Exams are take-home. Expectations for course is clear from day one. If you're a BUS student, take her class.
3.5 : I took him cause of the great reviews but this class is so hard and I love history. His lectures are long and boring. He is pretty funny but the lectures and reading are so broad and his exams/pop quiz are so specific only like 5-20 questions. (What did this artist use as a technique) and not multiple choice questions. very annoying class
4.0 : Professor Staklo himself, is pretty great; very kind and knows his stuff. However, I got his TA Eric, also, which I am told is why my semester with him is 100 times more difficult than past semesters. No study guides, lots of notes, and no clue what any quiz or exam questions will be makes this class stressful and more difficult than necessary.
5.0 : You must take him for HIST 100 because he's the best one! (in my opinion). The class itself is pretty chill and easy if you put in the effort of showing up to class and studying your notes. The lectures are definitely long but unavoidable!!! All of the stuff he lectured in class showed up on the quizzes and exams. Only 1 paper, 4-5 pages long.
3.5 : Gives pop quizzes on previous lecture. Very nice professor but class is so boring and gives no study guide for so much information, each quiz is only 10 question and midterm is about 25 and their very specific so you have to actually study and read the book. A lot of work for a basic class.
5.0 : For those of you who haven't fulfilled your Mason Core requirement for History, I would absolutely recommend Professor Stalko. His quizzes and tests are easy, I found that just by showing up to class and taking notes on what he was saying was enough to earn a 10/10. His lectures are also VERY interesting, especially about WWII (He's Russian)
5.0 : Hands down one of the best  professors at Mason. Great sense of humor coupled with a passion for teaching history. His lectures are long, but he really knows his stuff. He recites everything from memory like a human encyclopedia. He is very friendly, and respects his students. Make sure you do the readings in order to pass the class.
5.0 : Loves his work and makes History 100 to be fun and informative. Always ready to assist, and gives quizzes that are related to the previous lecture. If you take notes on his lecture, you will ACE his exams and quizes
5.0 : Dr. Staklo is a passionate teacher. Knows his history, Seems to enjoy sharing this knowledge whis students, Respectful, Quick to return papersquizzes (be prepared for these, there are a lot!)exams, Grades posted promptly in BB, Class expectations on syllabus and does not deviate,QuizzesExams have built in extra credit, Lectures are important.
1.0 : There is a ton of reading that he asks you to do that has nothing to do with anything.  If I had known, I wouldn't have saturated all of my studying efforts reading that book that doesn't help with any exams or quizzes. When I asked him what to study for the exam, he had me focus on two things, neither of which showed up on the exam at all.  Avoid.
4.5 : Really great guy. Genuinely cares about the success of his students. Very accessible via email. The class was quite difficult, however. A lot of advanced material covered very quickly. His notes are absolutely fantastic though, and posted online. Use them and not the textbook for homework.
4.5 : Great professor. Very smart. The class moved a little too fast at times. The syllabus was a little too ambitious. Would be better to remove some things from the syllabus and take more time on fewer topics.
5.0 : I took Dr. Lukes' class in an ALT classroom. She gives out hw twice a week, but they are graded on completion. There are 4 quizzes and 1 final. She gives out study guides to study which is helpful. The quizzes and final are easy as long as you do the class group work and homework. I am expecting to get at least a B in her class.
5.0 : PLEASE TAKE HER FOR GEOL 102!! SHOW UP TO ALL CLASSES AND LABS DO THE HOMEWORK ASAP AND SUBMIT IT (avg about 30 min) POST YOUR IN CLASS ACTIVITY ONLINE ASAP POST YOUR LAB BEFORE YOU LEAVE ASAP Study at least 1 hour for quizzes, should pull a B easily Be on top of the easy assignments. seriously people. EASY CLASS, informative too. learned a lot
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! DO NOT. This class is a waste of time. I would never, ever pay money to take this class again. It is a worthless class and the assignments are easy, but USELESS and TIME CONSUMING. Mullen has an extremely short temper and is biased. Do not ask questions because he hates them. Please, just take another IT class.
5.0 : Professor Mullen is an amazing professor that makes everything so much easier to learn. His classes are very fun and enjoyable, Highly recommended :)
5.0 : Prof Mullen has clear expectations for his class and all of his syllabus info can be found online on his website. Some of the material can be hard to learn at first like putting stuff on a website, but he does a great job in explaining this to his students. Nice, funny, and if you have any problems he will meet with you outside of class.
5.0 : Prof. Mullen's speciality is 18th and 19th century America. He taught Global History of Christianity alongside two other professors. Make sure you pay attention to his lectures because the exams weigh heavily from the lectures. The class consisted of two essays, two exams, and some pop quizzes from the readings. Amazing guy, and very knowledgeable
4.0 : The assignments a fairly easy and if you just sit down and do them they aren't that time consuming. The class is very easy for an IT class. I would recommend taking the class if you aren't the best with computers because part of the class is history based.
5.0 : This was an advanced grammar class.  Kind of a dry subject, but Mr. Klein made it fun and kept the class engaged.  There are homework assignments about every other week.  If you do the homework and turn it in, you get full credit.  There are quizes every other week. All the quizes, the mid-term, and final are open book.
5.0 : what a great guy. he is super patient and approachable. he knows a lot for a Ph.D. student. he doesn't distract your semester with worry about grades but you still learn a great deal. take him!!!
5.0 : Prof. Klein is awesome! He sets very clear grading criteria. Every assignment helps you to learn without being difficult. He lectures in class but is welcoming to discussion and questions on the topics. He posts his PowerPoints online. There is no excuse to get below a B+ in this class because he gives every opportunity to get a better grade!
4.5 : This is my 2nd time taking ACCT 301 and im so glad I took it w Professor Sohn. She is very clear about the topics and makes sure students really understand the concepts. She's always willing to help and clarify if there are questions. Provided powerpoints to teach the material, went through problems step by step, and stayed extra days before exams.
2.5 : Prof Schalyn is very dry and she made the class very though. I don't know why? As long as you practice the home work 2 to 3 times (which is available online after you sign up for the class) you can easily pass it . If I have to take this course again I will take this class online since I did not get much help from lectures and professor.
1.0 : one of the worst teachers I have ever met in my life. she come to class and lecture do 1 or 2 problems which leave incomplete. she bring so call "high level of chapter higlights" which she wont give enough time to copy it down. her notes on the board are blah blah. I am just going to say good luck, you all going to need it. WORST PROFESSOR !
2.5 : If you are not already familiar with subjects, her class wouldn't be any of help. Since it was her first semester in GMU she wasn't confident. Her class is easy to follow. Do your homeworks, read the book, try the practices, work hard. Hope she gets comfy this semester!
4.5 : I'm not going to lie, ACT 301 is a tough class.  If you want to pass, do the homework and put in study time; it's that simple.  This was my 2nd time around and I thought Professor Sohn was great.  She was very friendly and was always willing to answer questions in class.  My only suggestion would be to provide more example work problems in class.
4.5 : Professor Sohn is by far one of the best accounting teachers I have had at GMU. She took the time to clarify the accounting concepts that were hard to understand on your own. Like in any class you need to study and do the homework to understand the concepts, but she does a fantastic job of explaining them.
5.0 : She's super nice and very helpful! TRUST ME, no matter who are you taking as accounting professor, it is pretty much same! But I love her teaching style, of course you have to Do the homework, and do the practice quiz before the exam!
4.0 : This was my second-time taking accounting 301, I really enjoyed her method of teaching. The teacher is a fair grader compare to my previous professor. The class is hard so prepare to word hard, especially if accounting in not your major. If I were to take another accounting class I would definitely sign up for her class.
4.5 : This professor is new to GMU and it shows in her compassion for students.  She cares about the students and their work.  Grading is identical across all classes, so she cannot be held accountable for the constraints she is under.  She made multiple extra sessions available for students to understand the coursework before each test.
3.5 : This class is really tough needless to say you can do well. I put a substantial amount of effort in and got a B. If you work really really hard you can get an A. But Professor Sohn is one of the best professor for Acct 301 at Mason. She is really clear and even holds review days for exams. Shes a fair grader and gives fair exams. Work really hard!!
5.0 : Professor Sohn is the best accounting professor I've had at GMU. The class itself can be challenging but she is extremely helpful &amp; actually does examples on the board to make sure the students understand. She always tries to make sure there is a review session held the class before exams. I highly recommend taking her for accounting 301!
5.0 : Prof Sohn really teaches well. She is dedicated. Goes the extra mile. Her lectures are clear. Acct 301 is not an easy course, so you have to practice and prepare for class. She goes through the material in detail. Does problems in class.  Conducts revision before exams. Clear grader. I love her style of teaching.  Teaches methodically and clearly.
5.0 : Professor Schalyn Sohn is the BEST Accounting teacher in GMU compared to others. She ALWAYS offers extra help! If this is your first time taking ACT 301; I highly recommend you to enroll in her class. If you enroll with other Accounting teachers, I'm pretty sure you'll have to retake the course again. I wish she teaches other Accounting classes.
4.5 : This is my 2nd time taking the class and Professor Sohn made the material much easier to comprehend than any other professor. She works out problems, reviews before the test and is there for students.  It's not an easy class so do the homework and learn smart, that is a must.  I failed horribly the first time and ended up with a B this time around
4.5 : Professor Sohn is an amazing professor. You need to read the book. You need to do the HW. You will not understand the material by just listening to lectures or going over PP slides. It might seem easy in the beginning but the material keeps getting harder. The exams are difficult and you need to take notes in class. But she reviews b4 every exam.
4.5 : If you think you are afraid of learning acct, she'll be there for you to help you pass the class. She is very talented in explaining and demonstrating the problems.  If you practice homework and attend the class regularly, you might expect C+ to A.  Hope this would some students who is thinking of acct class.  Take her class, you'll enjoy it.
5.0 : Professor Sohn teaches very well. She is clear and tries her best to explain the concepts to students. Acct 301 is not easy .. so be prepared to work. Do all the practice homework and do not miss class. She does not just read off the power point. She goes through problems and does revision before exams. Take her class.
3.5 : Professor Sohn is very helpful, respectful, and truly cares about her students. She goes the extra mile and makes herself available to clarify any concepts you may need help with. The class is hard, no matter who you take. Be prepared to dedicate DAYS of studying before the exams. I wish she taught more accounting classes!
5.0 : Honestly this was by far one of the best professor in Mason. At first most of our class fail the midterm. This professor went out of his way to change his teaching method and to make it more clear for students. Almost half of the class dropped but once we talk to him we stayed back because he seem to care about our grade. He was a really nice guy.
5.0 : Dr. Jin is amazing. Has an accent, a little hard to understand, but his lectures are amazing. You have to attend class because he does put his powerpoints on Blackboard, but he leaves out the blanks, so you need to go to class to fill in the blanks. My only complaint was the 25 pg group paper. But he is such a easy and lenient grader!!
4.5 : I chose to take Marketing with Dr. Jin after having him previously, because he is great to be in class with. He does have an accent, but he is easy to understand, clear in his expectations, and gives opportunities for students to get feedback on projects before they are due. He is a very friendly, pleasant, and helpful person.
5.0 : Very well organized for an online class. Gives plenty of time for quizzes and exams. Easy material - textbook helped me more than the ppt lectures. Don't be scared to take this course online! I was, but it was the easiest course I've ever taken. Great professor! Responds quickly to emails, and is willing to help students. Can never go wrong w/ Jin!
3.5 : Two individual projects, and one big group project/25 page paper. Also, a big chunk of math is involved (2 quizzes revolved around the math chapters), but phone calculators were allowed on exams. No textbook required. Easy A. He's bubbly and really nice. Definitely recommend!
4.0 : Professor Jin is the cutest man and he is so excited about what he is teaching and is never in a bad mood. There are two individual presentations, but they are interesting and fun. One large group project of 25 pages and a presentation- don't let this scare you away because it is very straight forward and he is a very lenient grader!
5.0 : Prof Jin is a sweet guy. He's very positive and knows a lot about marketing, likes to crack a joke once in a while. Mine was in person, but whether online or in-person the class is very simple. Always responded to emails, easy grader, and was very understanding of student needs. Recommend online only because its easy enough to do so.
2.0 : Class was easy, however, Professor was not helpful. Asked many questions throughout the semester and her answers did not help me in the slightest. Lots of unclear items/due dates not included on syllabus as well.
4.5 : She's so sweet. :ectures are boring, but easy to understand, and her tests are so easy. Final was multiple choice and truefalse and 25 questions long. Study the powerpoints and you will do fine. Does a lot of group projects, recommended to take with friends or find a good group. Very easy grader, if she sees you try, then you will get an A
5.0 : No quizzes/exams, just a final paper and group project. Group project was putting together a legitimate fundraiser - not what a 1 credit course should assign; more meant for a 3 credit course. I still definitely recommend Prof. Faine! She's fun and the class is an easy A.
5.0 : She's lenient, and she does not need to be because the work is quite easy. She is also very nice and accessible if you need help. The work consists of some basic assignments/ discussion board (depending on the week), a group project, and a final paper (which is just a business letter). Good class!
3.5 : Just a group project and final essay paper.  Inappropriate group project to create a charity fundraiser.   Students should NOT be forced to raise money for an assigned charity in exchange for college credit.  While the project was meant to inspire charitable giving, it didn't explain how the funds were controlled by the organization.
4.0 : The class is easy, not much interaction with professor. Do the work and get A. Maybe because I took this course online or in the Fall, the group project end up being an online recording of a country's etiquette, which was easy. Other than that it is weekly assignment and a final letter to her with feedback of the course. No effort needed for online
5.0 : Great professor. She was very responsive to emails and was willing to answer any questions. Very easy class with only a handful of assignments. Easy A.
2.5 : I have no idea what happened in this class.  No joke, we had a new syllabus every week.  Very disorganized and the lectures and group role plays were not helpful at all.  Several small papers and journal entries, one 10-12 page paper focused on family therapy.  Not a tough professor, but I didn't learn anything and will not take her again.
4.0 : You will have 2 quizzes (she gave the questions a week in advance &amp; one was a take home), 1 paper, 2 additional take home assignments, &amp; a semester-long group project. It is an Easy A as long as you do your work and Dr. Rafal is very helpful. HOWEVER, the course was VERY UNORGANIZED. She constantly changed syllabus and assignment guidelines.
5.0 : 2 quizzes and 1 test. Which she gave us the questions for the test to take home. Textbook needed for that purpose.  It is an Easy A as long as you do your work and Dr. Rafal is very helpful. she literally walks you through everything. I really enjoyed her class , very laid back and awesome!
4.5 : Ms. Rafal is a great teacher. This was the first time she taught this course, and she had some difficulties with assignments. She will get confused a lot and change the assignments at anytime, so it gets confusing when you do the project. She is VERY helpful and takes the students insight and questions seriously. Would recommend
4.5 : Sweet old professor, knows what he's doing. No textbook. homework every week. You dont need to show up to class to get an A. Material is very easy if you look through the powerpoints. Do the study guides, they are exactly like the exams and quizzes. EASY A take him if you can. not a real computer class so dont worry if u dont understand programming
4.0 : I had her for the lecture portion of SOM 301. She is very nice, but you better go to class. You are graded on attendance plus some of the lectures are helpful. Ask questions if you are not sure about something. Good Luck!
5.0 : She really cared to give students good grades! Best teacher ever. I would definitely take her again
5.0 : labs are easy if u do the work. they aren't tough graders and honestly there was nothing i learned in this class that i couldn't have just learned from google. but thats not the professor's fault, just the course design is stupid. she's really nice &amp; chill. will get u out early if she can
4.0 : Meh, very boring lectures. Lab was boring that asked for a lot of writing and participation. Pretty easy class, just didn't like the way you have to show up to lecture to get class points when all she does is read off the powerpoints in which you can do at home.
3.5 : Ashely is great! she is not a harsh grader and will really only take off points if you make significant errors proving that you don't understand the material, she won't deduct points for each comma error you make! I really enjoyed taking the class with her. She is very approachable and personable. I strongly recommend her
4.0 : She would have gotten a 5 but she takes forever to grade our assignments. A Very caring teacher who wants to give you a good grade. As long as you do all of your work and follow the requirements and guidelines you will be fine. This is an easy-A class if you do your work. Lectures are very boring and most classes are a waste of time.
5.0 : as long as you do your work fulfilling all the requirements, you will get an A. she cares about her students and wants to give good grades.
2.0 : Easy A. I didn't have to work hard at all in this class and consistently received high grades. Her in class teaching style is lackluster. She gives the class 30 minutes to do something that takes 2 minutes. Then she is on her phone for most of that time (as are the students). Lectures are beyond boring. Don't expect to learn a lot from her.
4.0 : She was a very kind professor and even though I think this course is unnecessary i would recommend her for the fact that she is an easy grader and class is laid back as long as you follow the guidelines.
5.0 : She is very laid back. It's a Easy A class if you just do the work and attend class because she does take attendance here and there if most of the class is absence. She does lecture and it is very boring because it's a lot of common sense material. Usually had us do group work for a couple minutes and submit it on Blackboard.
4.5 : Lots of writing in the lab. Lectures are boring. Don't screw up on 2 inclass writings. 150 points each. I lost lots of points on grammer since she is picky about grammer mistakes otherwise she is a very easy grader. No book needed.
4.5 : I LOVE Professor Green! She genuinely cares about the progress and development of her students. She is incredibly kind, super accessible, and wants to see you succeed. The only negative is she often talks for way too long, which wastes a lot of time. Otherwise, TAKE HER. I am taking her again next semester. Highly recommended
4.0 : I took Professor Green for Honors 110 and it was a breeze. Although the actual class can sometimes get off track, she's very sweet and kind. Especially for everyone who has to take Honors 110, she's one of the easier teacher and I would recommend her!
4.5 : I had her for Honors 110, which was a tough class because you're required to write a long research paper, but that's not decided by the professor so you'd have that no matter who you took. She made it much easier and less stressful, and talks to you like an equal instead of talking down to you. One of my favorite professors so far.
3.5 : I took as a required class. Funny and nice professor but gives a lot of work. Very helpful. As long as you do the work, you'll pass. Two books are required, usually cheap on Amazon.
5.0 : Amazing creative writing professor.  Assignment driven class, bc of workshops so make sure you have your work. Discussion posts due every week. Really cares about the student and is very accomodating/understanding, tries to get to know everybody, and is very accessible outside of class and even when the class is over. Take her for Arts requirement.
5.0 : This was my second course with Professor Green. Not only is she an amazing instructor, but she is a mentor and friend. She speaks to you as an equal, and goes out of her way to offer advice and guide you toward improving your writing. The ONLY issue is she tends to get off topic really easily. ABSOLUTELY TAKE HER BY ALL MEANS, she is the best!
5.0 : She just came to George Mason, and already she made a huge impact on me. Though she talks very fast in her lectures, she was there for me, and helped me with my papers and presentation for other classes as well. There's no exam, just one presentation to worry about. I would take this course again!
4.5 : Professor Green is a respectable and knowledgable teacher, she gives great feedback allowing to improve your writing, so get ready to write. Fair and clear grading criteria.
4.0 : Professor Green is very helpful and cares about her students. Get ready to write and research, through precise feedback she will let you know how to improve your writing. Her powerpoint slides are extremely helpful and lectures are interesting. Very knowledgable teacher.
4.5 : She's on of the best professors I've met so far. Made sure to address any problems that came up in students' papers in addition to class material normally covered in lectures, and was there to answer questions (in person or through email). The lectures were a good mix of typical style lecture and videosin-class work.  Would definitely recommend!
4.5 : She's very sweet and helpful.  She will help you get through the semester!  Crazy amount of work tho.  I was pretty overwhelmed in the beginning.
4.0 : I appreciate her caring, thoughtful feedback on assignments. She is interested in you. Really sweet and kind. Sometimes she messes up on dates for assignments but always fixes her mistakes and doesn't twist it to be your fault like other Profs. She easily gets off topic and doesn't manage time well, though. But easy enough.
4.5 : Such a helpful professor. She really cares about your goals in poetry and in life. She knows A LOT about poets and poetry in general. We explored poetry at so many different topics and angles. The workshops were incredibly helpful for my poetry. She loves working with students and she shows it. A must-have prof for creative writers.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors I've had at Mason. Very caring &amp; focused on improving students' writing.
5.0 : I took Green for Honors 110 and she was a great Professor. Whenever I had a question she answered it in depth and was available to talk about various projects during her office hours. She was helpful and nice. I would highly recommend taking her for Honors 110. The class was clear, focused, and purposeful. Keep up with assignments and readings.
3.5 : This is a research methods course where the final is a 12-page paper that students work on the whole semester. She doesn't manage time well and we constantly ran over which was frustrating. She spent most class time answering questions that can easily be found in the syllabus or online, very irksome. She cares, though. Not very authoritative.
4.5 : She just started teaching us, and I already like her as a professor. She cares about her students, and has a lot of experience with teaching. The only problem with the course is the writing. Luckily she helped me with my writing, so I was fine. Take a class with this professor, and you'll enjoy learning more about education!
5.0 : Took him for 3 different journo courses because he's that great. Only GMU journo prof I truly learned about real life journalism from. If he's an option, take him! Very approachable and easygoing. Lots of interactive class activities, and 1 assignment  almost each week, not hard. Easy pop quizzes. No exams.
5.0 : Professor Curry is everything an educator should be. He cares about his students and makes an effort to get to know everyone, and you can tell that he has a passion for what he teaches. He is more than willing to help you through any trouble you have with assignments and he gives very helpful, in-depth feedback. Learned a lot and would take again!
4.0 : Curry is a great teacher. For intro to journalism he treats the students like they are real journalists. The assignment rubrics can be a little fuzzy but if you ask he will clarify. The assignments are all pretty fun and you choose your own angles. There are "pop quizzes" but they are easy as long as you keep up with the news.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Mason, hands down. I'm not even a comm major! He made the class so fun, he's a little scattered sometimes but he is so cool, has great experience and makes learning fun. I would take the class again if I could! He doesn't use BB but tells you every one of your grades so you can keep track.
4.5 : Professor Curry makes an effort to know everyone in the class and really encourages participation. He treats the class as if it was a newsroom and often breaks students up into groups ("desks") during simulation activities. There is an assignment every week that is usually pretty easy and there will be a few news of the week pop quizzes.
5.0 : I loved Prof Curry. He made a 3 hour class fly by because he is so funny. He really tries to get to know everyone and teaches you real life journalism things. I really hope to take him again! Assignments aren't too time consuming. He isn't the easiest grader but he gives great feedback to help you improve. If you get the chance to take him, DO IT!
4.5 : I loved his class. Curry was helpful, kind and understanding.  He encourages students to research and write about what they enjoy and he gives constructive feedback that helps students actually learn how to become better journalists.  He is creative in his lessons and does not overload with work. He is my favorite teacher I've had at GMU so far.
4.0 : Professor Curry is a great professor! Just make sure you come to class because he assigns random in class assignments that are worth a lot of points. He can be scatterbrained but hes an overall great professor.
5.0 : Mr. Curry is very laid back and understanding. Sometimes students take advantage of his kindness and see the not so nice side of him towards the end of the semester. But overall, he has useful relevant work experience that he teaches that class related to what the course has to offer. He very lenient and tries to work with you.
5.0 : He respects his students and wants them to learn not only how to write but how to market, and what the real world of communications is actually like. He wants to get to know his students and if you ask for help on any writing assignments he's more than willing to assist. He's funny; sometimes forgetful. His homework assignments &amp; quizzes are easy.
5.0 : Prof. Balasco-Barr is an amazing professor. She's older, and has a lot of life experience and perspective. It is more important to her that you get something out of the class than to overload you with work. She circles the desks and encourages open discussion. Understanding if you have to miss class- but the way she treats you, you don't want to.
5.0 : Ms. Patt is awesome! She is a very understanding professor that will help you if you're stuck on assignments, or have issues in life. There are two papers, a policy analysis that takes SUPER LONG to write, and a policy brief which is ok. The book is only req. for quizzes but she uses the questions from the back so you already have the answers.
5.0 : Rick is an incredible professor; he really cares about each one of his students. He has done just about everything, so he offers great advice. He is very ethical and talks to us as if we were working together. Make sure you do well in his classes, and get to know him. He has a lot of connections, and he will try to help you get a job if you ask.
5.0 : Excellent Professor, very knowledgeable and friendly.
4.0 : He's a good teacher when it comes to teaching photography. I'm personally not a fan of the way he speaks (swearing, uninspired tone), but other students seem to learn from it.  Grading is clear, feedback is useful, he's good at giving advice if you ask for it, but Follow his instructions carefully, or you will be graded down!
5.0 : Paul is an awesome guy. He's really down-to-earth and has a lot of interesting material that he talks about in class (discussions). He posts all the reading, announcements, and project requirements on Blackboard ahead of time and whatever you need is always there. He's chill but very organized. He has clear expectations and his class is enjoyable.
4.0 : He was a very respectful and nice man. Make sure you have time outside of class to devote to taking pictures and editing projects. If you are looking to improve the way you take photos I would highly recommend. He always gave respectful critiques and inspirational advice and references. Plus... He was kinda cute.
5.0 : Paul is a pretty awesome guy. Chill and laid back. Photography is his passion, so he takes it seriously. Even if your interest is minimal at best, he is a great speaker and makes the class inspirational and thought-provoking. Helps to the best of his ability if  you ask.  A fun hands on class, and if your interested in B&amp;W  I would recommend him.
5.0 : If you do not have lots of time to take photos outside of class, do not take this class. If you are willing to put in the time to take photos, take him! I learned a lot about photography and felt pushed (in a good way) by the assignments. Lectures and feedback were helpful. We usually get out of class early too.
3.0 : I didn't mind his lectures and I can easily say I learned how to take photos. However, his grading is not clear whatsoever and he grades harshly as well. I got a B+/A- on an assignment and asked what that meant and he said "you know like a B but not really, so like an A too". Also, prepare to take lots of photos outside of class!
4.0 : Fun class. The only thing I didn't like was that grades weren't posted on Blackboard &amp; assignment grades were not returned within a reasonable amount of time. I was left guessing what my overall grade would be for the course- for a 4 credit class that would really affect my GPA. Interesting guy. Be prepared to take lots of pictures outside of class
4.5 : strongly recommended. She is wonderful.
5.0 : Hannah Mead great Professor. When make mistake on quiz she help out a lot with review of material. Many homework and quiz but test only make up small portion of grade. She is talented beautiful lady. Take her class!
4.0 : Only two tests (midterm and final), and a presentation which is 20% of your grade, was super easy. Mainly used slides but had a lot of activities to supplement. I would take her again, this was her first class she'd ever taught, pretty chill.
4.5 : Instead of cramping you with a bunch of random materials to study, Hannah is concise with the course materials because she only picked specific concepts and materials. She also holds office hours to go over materials if you need any help. Even though I'm a business student, I learned lots of Econ concepts relevant and applicable to business.
4.5 : He's super warm and nice! He reminds me a lot of my Grandpa. Lectures are LONG, but they're fun if you're interested in the subjects. If you use common sense in the assignments, they're a piece of cake, but they're really fun, interesting, and provide real world experience (for example, we had to write both search and arrest warrant affidavits)
4.5 : Professor Reilly is great! He is very knowledgeable about the field of criminal justice (as he is a retired FBI agent) He is very interested in YOUR perspective on assignments. He gives great feedback on all homeworks and projects. Lectures can be long but they are interesting. Would recommend!!
5.0 : I loved him! he is such a great professor and tries his best to give real life examples. His experience as an FBI agent definitely gives him lots of credibility. It was his first semester teaching Gang crime, and although lectures were long it was interesting class. 2 research papers, 1 group presentation no exams! I RECOMMEND! hes awesome!
2.0 : He got very picky in the later assignments and dinged me for not including info about topics we never went over in class. Theres openbook takehome quizzes, which sounds easy, but I don't think he knows what the book says. I listed the pg numbers to show where I got the answers and he still marked them as wrong--they were straight from the book!
4.0 : Professor Reilly is very helpful, gives good feedback. This was his first semester as a Professor and I think he did well! Lectures are pretty long because he has sooo many stories to tell but they are quite interesting. Pay attention and participate and youll do well.
5.0 : What a great class and a knowledgeable professor. He teaches from a great text book he wrote! He expects a lot from his students with their assignments, which can be hard but fun if you're interested in the topic. This is a must take class for anyone interested in law enforcement.
5.0 : Lectures can be long, but material very important for future law enforcement career.
5.0 : Professor D is awesome. Very down to Earth, very intelligent and an all around cool guy. Best professor I've had -- you will definitely learn a lot from listening to him.  Too legit to quit.
5.0 : I LOVE HIM. You will learn 100x more from listening to his lectures than reading a dozen textbooks. I wish he could teach all of my classes, which he probably could... I think he is secretly actually a genius -- would not be surprised if he gets some sort of genius grant. Anyway, take any course he teaches, you wont regret it!!
5.0 : TAKE HIM!!! He doesn't believe in tests yet the class is very informative, any changes he makes he updates them immediately, takes in consideration what his students think. Responds emails quickly, and is HILARIOUS!!! His lectures are priceless. He walks you through everything as a whole class and has a final project that leads to great networking
5.0 : awesome teacher ever!!!! 6 labs 2 exams, exams are like projects, can do it all before the exam and than present at the exam day. can work as groups, offers lots of help! quiet a talker, LOL. funny, hilarious,  so excited for his class!!!!!!! btw, hes hot!!! not really need the textbook
5.0 : Professor D'Anna is one of the best at GMU. This was a Hybrid course and designed it so that you knew what you were doing for the course work. His preparation for the course was outstanding. Great person that is passionate about his teaching. Lectures were awesome &amp; Hilarious &amp; he responded to emails very quickly. GMU needs more prof. like him.
5.0 : I will always remember Professor D'Anna, one of the most down to earth, easy to talk to professor I ever had at GMU. Big Basket ball fan so if you are too then, you're going to click real quick. He cares about your success and will never set you up for failure. He is the reason I went to Law school due to his great recommendation letter.
3.0 : Whew! This class was a tough one. If youre not very computer savy, this class is probably not for you. I took this class as an online class, we had 6 labs &amp; midterm &amp; final. Professor D'anna was pretty helpful, the labs had instructions but still was confusing at times. The labs are done through  programs where you can create data and maps.
5.0 : Outstanding Professor. There's no need to purchase the book for this class, because he will explain everything that you need to know in his classes. Some of the materiel may seem confusing, but don't worry at all; he will get you through it with no problem I would highly recommend him.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Funny, interesting, and well worth it. The readings are important, so don't skip those.
5.0 : Dr. Chung is an A+ professor.   She knows her content and takes time to give you personal feedback.  She is very organized.  Her personal story is inspirational.
4.0 : She's a really nice professor and is always looking out for her students.  She also gives very thorough feedback.  I got behind in the class and she helped me to catch up.  My low grade in the class is not because of her, I did that to myself.
5.0 : Chelsea is amazing! She is a super easy grader and her quizzes are very very easy. She will take points on little things like units, but that is to be expected to anyone. It is basically an easy A if you read the labs and know what you're doing. Put little to no effort into this class. Some pop quizzes and 4 main quizzes. Lab Final was a joke.
5.0 : Chelsea is an amazing lab TA! She writes the procedures in the board and explains the procedures very well. She gives pre-labs but those are really easy if you actually read the lab. She grades fairly. Just make sure you include all details in exams/quizzes/labs (like units etc). She is very chill and helps you. Very reachable through email too.
5.0 : Stern knows his stuff and has firsthand knowledge of what he teaches. His assignments are challenging, but the good kind of challenge that inspires you to be a better writer. Great sense of humor and showed excellent films. Definitely make a point not to miss any of his classes, both because they're mandatory and because they're awesome.
4.5 : She is great. She expects you to work, but she works really hard for you. I looked forward tot his class. There was one group project in the form of a debate, but it wasn't so bad. She gives extra credit opportunities.
4.5 : As a well-rounded student I can say that this class is almost nearly impossible to get an A, it would have been better if there weren't unnecessary assignments that just kept students busy;  and combine them into one big  assignment. Good individual with a great personality. Mild humor will keep you interested throughout the long lecture.
3.5 : Professor Norgaard gives organized lectures, be prepared to do some public speaking; weekly readings varying in length/difficulty and assignments alternating between short paper and straightforward 2-3 question quizzes based on readings; provides focus questions on readings though. Lowest sp/q dropped. Norgaard has good grasp of GMU public choice.
4.5 : Wonderful. Helps students out, clear grading criteria, expectations are clear, no confusion. You will learn a lot about; I especially recommend for students who is concentrating on politics and philosophy (PPE). It was a challenging course.
5.0 : Great Professor! Born to teach, extremely understand makes material easy to understand, although there is homework, it helps understand material. For a 3 hour class, she is extremely energetic. Has an excellent understanding of economics!
5.0 : She is energetic and passionate about the subject. She expects participation and assigns homework every week. A tough grader but she curves at the end of the semester and gives extra credit. If your looking for an easy A this is not the professor for you but she has a good sense of humor and you'll definitely learn something if you participate
5.0 : Great class, do the assignments/readings, study and expect around a B. The fact is that through interesting lectures, some humor, and a professor who is passionate about the subject matter, the class is very much enjoyable and you learn a lot.
5.0 : Professor Norgaard is extremely intelligent and makes the class super fun! Expect weekly assignments: quizzes/short papers every week from the assigned readings. Don't skip class and you'll do well. This is not an easy A, you have to earn your grade. In turn, you'll get a very passionate lecturer who will teach you lots!
4.5 : Prof. Norgaard is beautiful.  With that out of the way, I've been impressed all semester by her hard work and enthusiasm.  She somehow made a 3 hour evening course enjoyable.  She is not an easy grader, but offers some extra credit and a curve at the end of the semester.  I would take her again
5.0 : One of the best professors I ever had. I had a good amount of struggles with this course, but her enthusiasm and passion for economics made the time I spent in this class worth it.
3.0 : Though  she does try to help students at her best, the grading was confusing - even if you got the right answer, if you don't explain it well 'enough', you won't get the points. The textbook was easier to understand, but grading was based on the notes and ppt.
5.0 : Professor Norgaard is great! Her lectures are interesting, humorous, and thought provoking. The material can be difficult, but she makes it easily relatable. She's a hard grader, but only because she holds her students to a high standard. The readings can be dense, so be thorough if you want to do well on the quizzes/short papers. Amazing class 3
4.0 : I can't recommend Professor Norgaard enough! She runs a very organized lecture and mediates in-class debates well whilst tying any subject matter discussed back to public choice econ. If you want to get a good understanding of public choice economics, take Julia Norgaard!
3.5 : Great lecturer, ensures students have a strong understanding of the economics behind certain examples in public choice by interacting with the class. The readings can be challenging however since they vary in length and clarity but the quizzes are relatively straightforward.
4.5 : Great Teacher, information can be complicated but if you keep up with readings and short papers you should do well.
4.0 : Absolutely a great professor. She is a tough grader but she is super enthusiastic about reaching out class and economics in general. She will do all that she can to help you. The amount of work is what you get out if the class, she is a tough grader but with  the amount of material and feedback, it makes you UNDERSTAND material. Not just learn it.
5.0 : Great Professor! It is straightforward subject to learn about Public Choice with some rigorous applications things can be explained with Clarity and Salience. The professor is clear in what she wants, so pay attention.
2.5 : tough class
4.0 : Very good professor, but the course is derived from a sub-par, opportunistic Mason economist who attempts to make a name for himself. "Public Choice" is a good example of why the general population rightfully dislikes economists. Two exams, with explicit study guides. One group project, that's fun. Quiz or paper due every class regarding readings.
5.0 : Great professor. Passionate about teaching and brings enthusiasm to each class.
5.0 : Easy Class, Professor Norgaard does a great job presenting material. Exams are fairly straight forward. Weekly Readings
3.0 : only two major tests, but many small quizzes and papers to help bolster the grade.  also two separate opportunities for extra credit.
4.0 : The professor made the class interesting but expect to do a lot of reading each week. There are weekly quizzes and short papers. She's a hard grader but curved the class. Great teacher and is clearly passionate about Public Choice Economics
4.5 : Don't get me wrong, Norgaard is an excellent professor. She's wise beyond her years, knows her material in and out, and gives amazing lectures. For someone of her age, she has an advanced teaching method. I would complain about the work load, but its a 400 level class, and you should expect as much. Take her, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Great lecturer and extremely intelligent with humor! Take her!
5.0 : One of my favorite classes so far. Great way of teaching. Even when is an evening class Prof. Noorgad makes the class very interesting. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Norgaard is nice and energetic and you can tell she really cares about her students.  Class is tough but fair.
5.0 : 10/10 would rate again
5.0 : She knows her material and makes the class fun. You have to be in class as there's some work due pretty much every class. Tough grader but curves. You will definitely learn lots of interesting material.
5.0 : Good teacher. Teaches well, but gives out a lot of work and tests on everything covered in class-- every single detail. Better know your stuff. Learned a lot tho!
4.5 : Great Teacher a ton of information but interesting. It can get complicated but if you stick with the readings and short papers you should do well. She always answers emails.
4.0 : Interesting teacher. An assignment was due every class, none of them were very difficult though. She didn't always give feedback on graded assignments but I thought she graded fairly. Pay very close attention to the readings she assigns that she doesn't go over very much in class because that will be a test question.
4.0 : Professor Norgaard just a really great job of breaking down concepts in public choice which helps you think critically. Take her class, you'll come out as a stronger economic thinker!
4.5 : Very good professor who makes long lectures interesting! Relatively tough but fair grader, but curves your final score at the end.
4.5 : Energetic lecturer, makes sure students have a good understanding of ecominics in general, many applications to the real world, helpful and opportunities for extra credit
1.0 : Need to do a lot of redundant things in her class, such as need to explain your answer. Her exam just really hard, many essay question, not just multiple-choice question
4.0 : If you want an easy 'A,' take this class. You'll watch YouTube videos. There will be guest speakers (but one was rude). You'll read articles and blogs. However, she has a narcissistic streak, and if you want to learn something about personal finance, take somebody else. She might be great in economics, but she didn't know this subject very well.
5.0 : Interesting lectures that tie in examples from the real world and a lot of stories. Tough grader but fair, gives extra credit, and partner presentation.
5.0 : Professor Norgaard is energetic and calls on students at random. Quizzes and exams are hard but she gives study guides.  She has review sessions which are helpful for tests, she also knows everyone's name.  It's tough to pass this class without going to class.
4.0 : Prof Norgaard is the nicest professor I have for this semester. The class itself was quite the effort. Although, attendance is NOT mandatory, but it is impossible to pass the class if you miss important lectures. There were quizzes,midterm,final,presentation. This is her last sem teaching at gmu. Ive managed and pass if it wasnt for extra credit.
5.0 : She cares about her students. Class is setup so its clear to know what she expects. Theres lots reading but its manageable.  The professor uses many methods so students understand the material. Class is engaging and fun.  She is a great addition to the staff, take her to learn from a professor that is knowable and passionate for what she teaches!
4.5 : Very engaging throughout the class period.   Since she doesn't just read off of Powerpoints, lecture is more interesting because she uses pics on slideshows and will go over material.  She writes out her notes on the board and then expects you to write it in your notes which helps out a lot. pay attention in class and read!  Also Hot! haha
5.0 : #inspirational. She is awesome and made me not regret becoming an econ major, only encouraged it more #respect. Takes student feedback into consideration. No mandatory attendance, however if you miss class, you miss important information for future quizzes and tests. Would take her again for any class if I could. Clear grading criteria.
5.0 : This class was a great experience. There are a good amount of reading and you will be quizzed on those readings. On the flip side, she prepares you for midterm exams by giving you a thorough study guide for each midterm. It was a great class with a lot of group discussion which made the lectures engaging.
3.5 : She's well informed and very friendly. The classroom vibe if chill and allows for participation. Also be sure to read the assigned articles because thats the only way you'll pass the class.
4.5 : Professor Norgaard is new but she is good. She is very helpful and wants her student to learn the materials. And get ready to read, there will be lots of reading.
5.0 : Professor Norgaard is very responsive with emails. If you have a question bout anything from a class lecture, quiz or exam, she is always efficient with her responses. she's very straightforward with study guides for quizzes and exams.
5.0 : AWESOME professor! Your grade consists of a group debate, quizzes, 3 exams and a presentation + extra credit. A LOT of reading &amp; although attendance isn't taken, her lectures are important. Overall, she's great at teaching and being respectful + communicating with her students. It's a demanding class, but worth it. She's also lowkey funny
4.0 : Good class.
5.0 : She's new but she's a GREAT professor. Do all the readings prior to class. Few quizzes on the readings and 3 exams which she provides a study guide for. Group debate. She's helpful &amp; funny on a Tuesday... She encourages feedback from her students &amp; takes it into consideration.
4.5 : This class is challenging, but she gives you the tools to succeed and pass. If you want to understand the material I suggest you do all the readings and participate in class. Overall, she's a  great teacher and funny.
4.0 : Professor Norgaard is quick responding  with emails regarding any concerns you may have. Her  grading criteria is straightforward. She makes sure all students are engaged with the readings, always open to students' opinions. She is a funny, innovative, and knowledgable young professor. She cares about the students, you are not just a class.
5.0 : Lectures are interesting and engaging. A lot of small group discussion. A lot of reading but no written homework. Going to class is key. A lot of notes given in class that are not on the lecture slides.
5.0 : Gives focus questions for the readings which are the same as the quiz questions and study guides for all her tests. Go to class and be attentive and you should get an A. Lectures are  interesting and teacher is super hot. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : Good teacher, good class, teacher is too fine.
5.0 : Great class
5.0 : Great proff! She's new, but she really knows her stuff and knows how to teach. She's nice and very respectful towards her students. The material and readings can be tough, but the way she teaches it makes the material incredibly interesting and thought provoking. I really hope she teaches more classes, cause she's one of the best econ profs at GMU
5.0 : Rally great teacher. Would definitely take her again.
5.0 : One of the best ECON professors at GMU
5.0 : This class has been one of the best educational experiences since I've been attending Mason. Teacher seems generally concerned with your feedback and understanding of the material. Definitely one of the best economics professors I've had at Mason. Would take again
5.0 : If you're looking for a relatively easy A and a hot teacher then this is a good choice.
5.0 : This was a very intriguing course. The professor did a fantastic job structuring the class so that all the information taught  made sense. I recommended this course to a couple friends I know.
5.0 : Great Professor and good class over all....
4.5 : Professor Norgaard is the best. She is an amazing teacher. She is young but she def knows her material. She always kept the class interesting . Her lectures are very informative. She respects her students' opinions. She was always very promptly at answering emails and putting grades up within 24 hours. Def take her again. Best Econ teacher so far!!
4.5 : Professor Norgaard is a great teacher and a very friendly person. Expect lots of reading, quizzes to check for reading comprehension, a debate, and a few tests. We did a lot of in class discussion, which was great because it helped reinforce the material and lets you get to know your classmates. Content is really interesting thought provoking.
5.0 : You will have read the book in order to answer test questions. The lectures are fun and easier to understand.
5.0 : I took her Econ345 before. She's a quite great professor, this is the reason that I took her again. I do recommend her because your hardworking equals to your grade The test 100%contained in the studyguide and DO NOTES in each class is necessary! Take her. 3 Exams,  class work and always curve!
4.0 : Very stringent grader. The material wasn't too difficult but to get an A on the tests you need to be as thorough as humanly possible. On the plus side she is very thorough in the lectures as well and makes sure everyone masters the concepts she defines.
5.0 : I took this Econ class over the summer and it was the best summer class I could've taken this summer. She kept the class engaged, entertaining, and interesting throughout the summer. Great experience!
5.0 : great professor, make sure you read and keep up with notes. She incentivizes you to come to class and well worth it
5.0 : The class is enjoyable and the grade just reveals your effort
4.0 : She gave study guide before the test which is really helpful, but the questions are a lot in the test so study hard. She also gave the extra credit opportunity.
4.0 : Need thorough answers on the tests or you wont pass. She ensures you know it and genuinely cares about student feedback. Super nice, super knowledgeable.
5.0 : Absolutely a great professor. Not the easiest but she gives you every opportunity to pass her class. Her lectures are very easy to listen to. She is very engaging. Remembers everyone's name. She is a Great human being. Any one would be lucky to have her.
5.0 : Professor Norgaard is simply Amazing! She makes learning Economics interesting and fun! She cares for her students and is always available to discuss class material. She is simply awesome. Take her class, you will enjoy it and learn economic principles easily.
5.0 : Very nice professor. Teach well. No homework. Do MobLab game every class for attendance. Two text books, one book should be read by yourself and it will be tested. Study guid is helpful.
5.0 : Great professor, interactive use of moblabs to help students better understand the material and many opportunities for extra credit.
5.0 : Read , go to class and do study guides!
5.0 : I have taken many courses at this university.  I have lived a very strange life at this university.   I haven't struggled necessarily with understanding the material but I have had trouble wanting to.  I have never been in a course where I've had a professor that truly motivated me,  that pushed me, that challenged me, and made me believe in magic.
4.0 : Great Professor! Understands Economic concept well enough. Will do great in other Economic Professions. Hire Her!
5.0 : Had to work for it. Studied like hell, real nice woman and helped when she could.
5.0 : Very caring, very willing to offer help. Better know your material inside and out. Would take again for future courses though.
4.0 : Go to the textbook! Do the study guide! You should be fine.
5.0 : She is a great teacher. She cares about her students. Always has a smile on her face. No homework. Study guides before exams. Exams were a mix of multiple choice, short answers, math, etc. I would tell you all to take her in the future but she claims she is not teaching anymore. :(  Professor Norgaard, if you ever read this, KEEP TEACHING!
5.0 : Professor Norgaard is a great. Explains things very well and will clairify anything that your struggling with.  Be sure to do the readings as those focus questions end up on the exam.
5.0 : Only professor that I've ever had that made an effort to know everyone's name in the class. She is very encouraging and cares about her students. If you show up to class and actually listen/take notes, you should easily get an A.
5.0 : Had to take this class as a SOB requirement &amp;I thought it was gunna be awful. But Julia is awesome &amp;made it approachable. Attendance isn't mandatory but don't skip cause tests relate to class. Bottom line,she cares if you care &amp;wants you to get it, not just pass a test. Great extra credit &amp;relative books; read! Participate &amp; no blanks on tests!
5.0 : she makes learning easy. she is super nice and wants you to learn. top notch professor. highly recommend.
5.0 : Clear expectations. Exams were not too difficult. Julia is as nice of a prof I have ever had. Put in a decent effort and you will get a solid grade. Take her! You wont regret it.
4.0 : Prof Norgaard is awesome!!! I can honestly say I was never interested in economics but she made me want to change my major to economics. She teaches the material well but get ready to read and put in the work because this is a very hard class. Overall she is a well-rounded prof, she uses power points, group discussions, &amp; makes you participate.
5.0 : This is where you want to go to learn, and be current.  She'll make sure you learned it.
4.5 : Excellent professor. Still learning a little bit (has only taught two classes), but is really passionate about her work and great at what she does. Exams are tough, expect to read. Go to her office hours! Always available to help. Has bi-weekly quiz and short paper (easy if you do the readings). Lots of opportunities to boost your grade.
5.0 : High level course so expect to do work. Lots of information, but repetitive over semester to make it useful.
4.5 : She assigns a lot of readings but the focus questions she gives help a lot. She's very open to feedback and really knows the material and explains it pretty good. She gives extra credit and curves the class. There's only two tests but she gives study guides for each, study it and you'll pass.
4.5 : Professor Norgaard was great when I took her for ECON-380. She loves group projects and group discussions, which are actually helpful because then you have a study group to study for the midterm and final. She uses three books and powerpoint lectures to teach. It's a great and easy class if you put in the work for the grade!
4.5 : Professor Norgaard's class was one of my favorite econ classes I've ever taken. She does a lot of different things to get you engaged and help you learn more. There are some days where you have to read a lot of interesting or dull econ papers/books, so expect to spend some time. Her exams/quizzes aren't difficult as long as you know the material.
4.5 : Professor Norgaard's class was one of the best econ courses I have taken at GMU. The class was well organized, and the material she taught was very clear. You do have to do a fair amount of reading so be prepared. Overall, I had a great experience in her class. Highly recommended! Plus, going to class is an incentive as well because she is a babe!
5.0 : This has been one of my favorite economics courses I have taken.  The teacher is very engaging and helps explain the material in fun and interesting.  The group debate was one of the highlights of the course.  Even if the professor had not been as engaging, I still would have showed up to every class!
4.0 : Enjoyed her for ECON 380. Did not have as much of an economics background as many of the other students but she helps explain many of the underlying concepts. Feels more like a history class than economics, which was a good thing. Would take another class with her for sure. Lots of readings.
3.5 : Lots of reading with short papers every other week. Not too difficult if you pay attention and have a good idea about economic concepts
4.5 : A lot of readings are assigned for the class, but the readings are a must to be able to do the short papers and the quizzes. Overall, very nice professor and as long as you go to class and do the assignments you should be able to get an A or B in the class.
3.5 : Kind of an active class where you will be involved in questioning and answering questions in class, group discussion, debate. The class introduces a wide range of economic concepts. If you don't have a lot of economic back ground, be prepare to devote to self-studying. Expect to read. She is a smart and nice young professor.
4.0 : Great lectures that cover assigned homework as well as new material. Teaches and demonstrates well with powerpoints as well as in class notes.
4.0 : She is funny and nice and stuff until you see the quiz grade then she seems less funny all of a sudden but makes it up with her charm and personality. TAKE HER.
4.0 : She is nice and scary at the same time.  TAKE HER.
5.0 : There is a lot of reading for this class. Expect to dedicate some of your time reading books, papers, etc. She's a good professor who is still trying to learn how to teach. She cares for her students and makes the class fun. She doesn't have many tests but does have a couple of quizzes and short papers in return.
5.0 : As an aspiring graduate student, this class is essential to understand institutional economics. I believe that the teacher did a great job, but there is always room for improvement in all facets of life. If you want to be successful in this course participation, attentiveness, and engaging yourself in the material will broaden your horizons.
5.0 : Learned a lot. Reading almost every class. Lots of short papers, which is great if you don't like to write long essay like me. There is a debate which is fairly easy if you have good group members. Books are cheap.
3.5 : I learned a lot in Professor Norgaards class. She is a good teacher who is willing to help, and makes you think beyond the textbook answers and definitions. She also makes sure everyone is involved and has a voice in the class. Take good notes and participate in class.
5.0 : Really Really Great Professor.  The class is difficult but all the economic concepts you learn are more than worth it.  The professor is an invaluable resource when it comes to anything pertaining to economics.  I learned more with her than I ever have in any other class.  I would definitely take another class with her.
4.5 : Professor Norgaard is a great professor! She takes many complex economic concepts and really breaks them down for her class. I would definitely recommend taking her for any upper level econ courses. She also gives a good amount of extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : spaces out the assignments very well so I never felt rushed. You must attend class though because he assigns in class assignments to finish with peer editors or on your own. He sends emails to summarize the class and what is due after class. He's  a great professor who allows his students to work with their own ideas and skills without strict rules
4.5 : Very laid back and chill. If you skips a few classes make sure to check blackboard for assignments. Teaches the basics of HS and a little of what college wants so if you remember HS english, you'll be fine. Feedback is there, but if you want more clarity ask and he'll explain. Would take again
4.5 : Great professor. He really cares about the development of his students. I never really went to class and got an A. He posts everything on blackboard and doesn't take attendance. Easy A if you do all the wok.
5.0 : Best Guy You'll Ever Have. He's honestly the nicest English teacher I have ever had. He's understanding, he's caring, he's well taught, and he really does his best to help his students learn their weaknesses in writing. The grading is easy, just participate and do the work on time. Again, greatest guy ever.  Go for him, he makes English fun.
5.0 : AMAZING. For a college course this is the most easiest english class I've ever taken. He is very interesting, sweet,  understanding and caring for his students and understands the school system.
5.0 : He is really clear cut on grading criteria and what is expected. As long as you go to class, participate, and do the work on time.... you'll at least get a B. He's an interesting guy to talk to.... would recommend that everyone takes him if possible.
5.0 : He was probably the most genuinely nice teacher I have ever had; keep in mind that his demeanor is purely professional however, and he is absolutely not your friend. He grades extremely easily and if you put in a little bit of time and make it obvious to him that you are trying to improve your writing skills, you will definitely get at least an A-.
4.0 : Great prof, helps you develop your skills through different writing-just show improvement and do the work, youll get an A. Dont buy Rules book, can find pdf online and for 50 essays, essays can be found online as well.  Easy-going and responds to emails ASAP.
5.0 : Really encourages you to try yourself. He grades your growth rather than your performance, so as long as you continue to grow you will succeed. Great professor, great human.
4.0 : The chillest and most supportive teacher I've ever had. Little graded assignments, super easy.
5.0 : Dr. Carbo is one of my favorite professors of all time. He cares about his students and his attitude makes YOU want to truly grasp his material. I would recommend him to anyone who has to take English 101.
4.0 : Professor Carbo is awesome!!! As long as you do the assignments and show improvement in your writing, you will be fine. He isn't a tough grader, but just wants to see improvement in your writing. There are  mini assignments due on blackboard, but they are easy A's if you do them properly. He helps you on your drafts too if you go. Take him!
4.0 : Professor Carbo is such a nice professor who wants his students to improve on their writing. He gives very good feedback and helps his students on their essays. As long as you do the work as per his expectations and show that you are improving in your writing, you will get a good grade. He isn't too picky when grading either. Take him.
5.0 : Professor Carbo is one of the best English professors I have ever had. He really cared for the students and gave great feedback for all assignments. He really wants for his students to do well.
5.0 : Dr. Carbo is one of the BEST professors at Mason. He is always there for you no matter what. He actually wants you to succeed. There is homework assignment pretty much for every class, however they are simple assignments. He schedules everything so it is really nice for major essays. I would recommend him 10/10 stars!
4.0 : Best English Professor. He doesn't grade too hard, as long as your writing is solid, and you are showing improvement, you will get a decent grade. He emails back quickly as well. The two textbooks for this class can be found online in pdf format, so don't waste money buying it. He gives short easy mini assignments and 3 main papers.
5.0 : Dr. Carbo is perhaps the best teacher I have ever had. He assigns homework and research that are crucial to the major essays in class and are extremely helpful. No useless work is assigned and everything helps you to grow as a writer. Always there to help you and would highly recommend him. Without hesitation, I would love to take his class again
5.0 : She's really chill, class is easy. You get out early and as long as you do the work you'll get an A.
5.0 : Prof GG is awesome! I learned so much in her BUS 103 class. She keeps class fun and engaging and truly cares about her students. I would highly recommend taking her if you can!!!!
5.0 : Really awesome professor. Grades fair. Class is fairly easy if youre not an extremely nervous person. Don't really have to be in class except for presentation days. Lets you out early!
5.0 : Meggan Ford is very respectful of her students, and wants you to succeed in this class. I will recommend her to all of my friends because she was so clear on her grading criteria, and she's very humorous. The speeches are typically light hearted and students will do well as long as you show up.
5.0 : Great Professor!
5.0 : First thing you should know, mastering meteorology and the textbook is absolute garbage, it wasn't used or graded in the class, it was like throwing 70 dollars down the drain. Second, the lab manual is the holy grail! worship it. quizzes are insanely easy- and he is kind and understanding, one of the best at GMU
5.0 : Great teacher, emails back quickly. I never bought the textbook because it was expensive, but I did not need it, only the workbook for labs. Not a hard grader at all, and sometimes you will get a 100% on a lab even if you miss a lot of the answers :)
5.0 : Not a lot of engagement with students, but very considerate. Many extra credit chances and no final exam - recognizes that exams only test how many hours you crammed on stuff you won't remember next week! The lab homework was time-consuming, and I found it difficult, but science and math are my worst subjects so may be easier/faster for you. A+!
5.0 : I took this class online, you have weekly labs and a quiz with 2 questions. Just bought the lab book. Easy A
5.0 : I took this course online and only bought the lab book, you don't need the actual textbook. Weekly labs are most of your grade, so don't miss a lot. He lets you turn in work late and provides lots of extra credit. The labs are time consuming so I wouldn't wait to do those at the last minute. No final. Professor is responsive to email.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Would definitely take any of her classes again. Very knowledgeable and informative. Assignments help with understanding the topic much better. She's funny and makes the class interesting- definitely not boring w/ her comments/jokes. Go to class, read the book, do your assignments and you'll do well. Textbook and iClicker needed!
5.0 : Great professor! Knows her stuff and all around fun to have in class.
5.0 : She is truly a great professor. Her course is laid out well and instructions are just to be STRAIGHT FORWARD. As she says cut the BS I just want to know that you understood the topic. She gives good feedback as well. TAKE her you won't regret it.
5.0 : I wish I'd taken Bailey for other classes, I had her for the recitation part of CRIM 495 and she was awesome. The recitation is mostly grammar and punctuation, then she edits your term paper drafts, so she doesn't have much to teach necessarily, but she makes herself available for help and is pretty straightforward about what she expects.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Due the work and you will get an A. Take her you will not regret it!! I've taken a couple course with her and she is the best.
4.5 : She's a crim lawyer so she has a really interesting perspective on this topic. She outlines what she expects for her papers on the first day and she knocks points off if you don't follow them. Length is important. Don't be short. All in all, the class is hard work but fast and fun. Would take her again.
5.0 : Prof. Bailey - I'm serious when I say this. This is by far was the best Professor I've ever had. Funny, down to earth and very knowledgeable. We did group essay projects and the exam was an essay. I learned a lot about Law around the world. I hope to take her in another class. Please take her and thank me later :)
5.0 : In a nutshell: take her. She's knowledgable and her expectations are clear. She seems to genuinely want you to do well. She posts everything, including slides on Blackboard. This was a fast paced summer class. We had 3 4-page papers (almost 1 a week) and a final exam with 6 questions and a 2-page essay. With a little effort, you should do fine.
4.5 : HILARIOUS! She is always cracking jokes to lighten the mood of some of the dark things we discuss. I'm so glad I had her and want to take her for any other class she teaches. She gives a TON of extra credit. Her lectures are super interesting and loves class discussions. Take her if you can! Make sure she tells the 8ball story!
5.0 : Professor Bailey is on of the funniest professors ever and she is extremely knowledgeable about the subject. She offers tons of extra credit and it is kind of impossible to fail the class as long as you put in some effort.
4.0 : She is the best! She makes the lectures so interesting because she is so funny!  She is a very easy grader, she cares about all of us passing her course. She is a very interesting person and she is amazing. I honestly loved showing up to class although it wasn't mandatory. If you wanna pass this class with an easy A, take her. Final is open notes!!
5.0 : Had her for a summer Crim 405 class. Not many teachers can make a summer Saturday class bearable to go to.  Has interesting lectures and discussions and was overall  a fun class. Does assign papers but put good thought into it and you're good to go. Also had her for 495. Gives very helpful comments and feedback on your writing portions. Take her.
4.0 : TOOO FUNNY without her humor the class would be so dry. I'm so glad I had her and want to take her for any other class she teaches. She gives a TON of extra credit. Love class discussions but Midterm was tough. Iclicker and Textbook are mandatory!!!
4.0 : Professor Coleson is a very good instructor. He is very approachable and helpful if you need extra help. You will need to study to understand and apply concepts to tests. I would recommend this class and instructor to anyone as Coleson is able to break down material and explain well.
4.0 : Professor Coleson is a very good teacher. Do not expect his class to be very easy for you,  if you have not taken calculus before. However, he is VERY helpful to students who do not understand the information and he has convenient office hours. I would surely take his class again. He is also very funny and good at explaining concepts to me.
5.0 : Professer Coleson is a great teacher, he can explain concepts very well and is very funny. There is alot of work to understand this class, but I got extra help with some items that were hard for me to understand. This class became one of my favorite classes.
5.0 : No exams! A lot of quizzes but he pulls 3-5 questions straight from the HW (that is optional) but expect an A if you did do the HW. 10% participation and 60% final paper that was not hard at all, was worried at first but relieved after getting my grade for the paper and grade for the class.
3.5 : GOOD: no tests. helpful.  BAD: fast lecture speed. Big final essay worth 60% of final grade.
4.0 : Good teacher but you have to pay attention.  Lectures are kind of fast and dry, but can be interesting if you ask more questions.  Tests are straight off of the lectures. Textbook optional
5.0 : Phenomenal teacher. He lays out clear and concise expectations day one and helps you out the entire way. Assigned three homeworks and three tests based on them and the lectures. He did a great job of making a difficult topic easily-understandable, and was always willing to answer any questions. Solid guy and a great class; would take again.
5.0 : Had him as a TA for  Econ 360, though he taught the class most of the time. Super helpful, and great at lectures- really breaks it down and explains concepts well. 2 exams, and he offered an extra credit opportunity. Would highly recommend taking him!
4.5 : Great TA! Lots of  heavy reading in the class, particularly from Hayek &amp; Mises. Those can be daunting and difficult to understand, but he breaks it down for you and makes it fairly comprehendible. If you put in the effort and keep up with the material, you can at least get a B.
4.5 : Surprised Mimi isn't on here because she's an awesome professor. As long as you show up to class, do your work, and actually put in effort &amp; creativity into your photos, then there's no reason not to get an A in her class. She definitely makes the class enjoyable and gives good constructive criticism.  By far the best art class I've taken so far!
5.0 : She is amazing, and so nice and funny. I love her class (currently taking it) and she knows her stuff! Her portfolio speaks for itself. She is always willing to sit down and talk if you need extra help. She really cares about her students and wants them to pass. You can just tell. And she gives off a awesome vibe when learning.
4.0 : Professor Urgelles was an excellent teacher who was willing to put in effort to help her students become better dancers. As long as you attend the class, participate, and complete the scarce assignments, this is an easy A professor.
5.0 : Dr. Shaner is amazing !!! The lectures aren't that boring, he tries to make it as interesting as he can. There are three exams and as long as you study the thought questions that he gives after every powerpoint, you will pass :) There is a big group project though but he chooses the members based on their strengths so not bad overall. Take him!!!!!
4.0 : Professor Shaner provides real life examples when trying to explain concepts, which makes things easier to understand. 3 exams (multiple choice and short answer, not easy but doable, a big group project worth 40% of your grade (15 page paper plus presentation), 10 online hw's which are easy. He's great, I definitely recommend taking his class.
3.5 : Great 301 professor! Interesting lectures. Really nice guy. His slides don't have all the information you need for the test so you have to show up and take notes. He's always happy to clarify things after class with you. The group project was intense but he gave us time in class to work. I'd love to take a class with him again!
4.0 : Great professor, he's lectures related to his exams. Has  a lot of experience and gives good real life examples of topics.
5.0 : This class is an awesome opportunity for you to be creative. You will work  in a group all semester so be prepared to work alongside others. Teamwork and communication are key to your success. Participation is key. Stay engaged and learn what you can while you are in the class. This professor works with the students and understands more than many.
5.0 : great professor!! too bad he will be moving to another university :-(
5.0 : The kinda teacher you wouldn't mind grabbing a bear with after class. Real professional and master of his craft. Knows how to make complex information relate to students. My class was 3hrs and 9/10 felt like it went by too fast. made learning that much fun and interesting. Do yourself a favor and take him. Great instructor and professor.
5.0 : Great lectures. Gives really great examples to help you understand the material that are recent and relatable.  3 Exams with short answer and multiple choice.  Takes 3 highest hw grades.  USE TXTBOOK!! He will sometimes take things from it that he didn't teach in class and put them on the exams. Also theres a group project. Overall, great prof!
5.0 : LOVED his class. It's different from other classes - lecture first or class activity first, or visa versa. Guest Speakers were pretty cool depending on the topic we were covering. He makes the class go by really fast. Only 1 group project was involved, but was broken into 4-5 sections and the final was a final presentation.
4.0 : Go to class because the exams are 99% based off his lecture. There are 3 exams with multiple choice and short answer. The main project the marketing plan, he provides a lot of feedback and really wants you to do well on the project. Super nice and is always willing to help you. Also homework is online through the book so just buy the online book
5.0 : Professor Shaner is Probably One of the best professors I have taken at Mason. He is very hilarious and he makes his lectures very engaging and entertaining. He is very lenient when it comes down to grading tests however, he is a tougher grader when it comes down to grading the group projects but provides great feedback.
5.0 : Dr. Shaner made this course very enjoyable. His lectures were useful and interesting. Even though he posts powerpoint slides, it is advisable to attend lecture because he does not write everything on his slides. There are 4 exams, all worth the same points. There's also a  marketing plan assignment that requires teamwork and coursework application.
5.0 : A very friendly and easy professor. A great teacher. Makes the class and exams easy based on his lectures.  Provides guiding question for exams.
5.0 : Go to his lectures, most of the questions on the exams are based on those. Take good notes, do the thought questions and you should be set. The marketing plan is a group assignment, keep working on it and don't slack. He grades it fairly easily, but you must show that you put in thought and effort in it.
5.0 : I disliked marketing but Dr. Shaner made it somewhat bearable. Exams weren't hard but they weren't that easy either. Lot's of short answer questions and some multiple choice. There was one long essay question at some point. Study the power points and you'll get an A
4.0 : Her Global Health course had a lot of assignments, but none were particularly difficult. Make chapter outlines and make sure you read all the material- stuff from the book is ON the test. I learned a lot, but it's sort of a 'take what you put in' kind of thing.
4.0 : This class is easily passable by anyone's standards- as long as you read the chapters and watch the videos for the weekly quizzes and then do the (homework) projects, you should be just fine. No midterm/final. Just weekly readings, quiz and project. This prof. has a lot of experience in the field so take advantage &amp; ask for guidance/career advice!
5.0 : Good class. Lots of math required. But we play games, which are interesting and help understanding.
5.0 : This class is not conceptually demanding and all of the formulas can be easily derived.  That said, the material was still valuable. The professor goes to great lengths to make sure students understand the material by providing notes and running in-class experiments to demonstrate ideas.  I would recommend taking this class.
5.0 : Probably the most helpful professor I've ever had. Siyu really cares for her students and wants them to succeed. Intermediate micro can be difficult for people that might not be the strongest in math, but Siyu really makes it less intimidating. She makes it very clear what is expected of you for exams and her enthusiasm made the lectures great.
5.0 : Very short summer term (4 weeks).  A lot of material to learn.  I would not recommend taking this course in summer school, but I would recommend this teacher for this course.  Be prepared to attend all classes after doing the reading, the practice and the homework.  You will never pass if you don't prepare before class.
5.0 : She is truly an incredible teacher who cares more about you learning than anything else. She gives very fun homework assignments and not that frequently either. The class is straight forward and you can't really go wrong taking this for your synthesis requirement.
4.5 : I really enjoyed her class! She was so nice and bubbly. I really don't like science, but she gave the class so many resources to use for studying/learning. The textbook isn't totally necessary, but it help me understand the material a little better if I was confused. I definitely recommend taking her!
4.5 : Excellent Professor and a really nice lady. Easy science class. Tests are tough, but make sure you study what she mentions in the reveiw and you'll do great.
4.0 : A really great professor! Prof Spradling enforced my love for the GGS major. I went into the semester thinking I would enjoy my human geo class a lot more but I ended up really really preferring her phys. geo class. Definitely not difficult if you study/glance over the textbook and go to class. Her reviews are pretty spot on to what's on the exams.
5.0 : She's a great professor!
5.0 : She speaks very clearly with excitement, will keep you quite engage :) loves teaching so is very caring and ready to give college and career advice Everyone has to do a presentation on a topic of choice - 2-3 students per a class Listen to presentations and lecture and the midterm will be an easy A Take home final done on blackboard.
5.0 : This is an easy A class. As long as you show up, and actually try on your assignments you should be fine.  She is really nice and very easy to follow along during her lectures! I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : She is very inspirational. I came to the class without knowing what GGS meant but I left class with good knowledge of GGS. She is very open-minded and not strict. One of the best professor in Mason!
5.0 : Professor Spradling is awesome.  I've taken two classes with her - Physical Geo and Resource Conservation.  She is very thorough, clear, thoughtful and engaging.  She is also very attractive and fun.
5.0 : Prof. Spradling's class is easy, enjoyable, and informative. It is not run like many normal classes, and participation is extremely important. She was very engaged in whatever she was presenting and constantly asks for student feedback. Homework and project are simple and account for a majority of your grade.
5.0 : Professor Spradling managed to create an educational and stimulating environment without forcing students to spend an excessive amount of time writing research papers or reading a textbook.  In class discussions served to augment the lecture and really helped the class tie what we learned to what we already knew.  Excellent teacher and course.
5.0 : Professor Spradling made the class interesting through videos about class topics. There were short student presentations and some in class exorcises. Overall the assignments were pretty easy and the workload was pretty small.
5.0 : Professor Spradling is very respectful of her students. She made us think about big issues that affect the rest of the world and she made activities that she thought would help us prepare for the work force. We had breaks every class. The conversations were lively and interesting. One of my favorite classes and fulfilled synthesis credit. Go for it
5.0 : Assignments are pretty easy (1/week).  The important things is--you actually learn in this class! THE easiest class ever taken!  Take home final, 1 Quiz.  Super easy.  Lectures are not boring!  I learn and retain info in her class!  Beautiful inside and out!  Very understanding and treats you as an equal--which I like.  Also, very admirable!
4.5 : Professor Spradling is great! I wish she taught more courses at Mason.
4.0 : Dan Cuda loves public administration. I had him for Org Theory which is a pretty dry subject, but Prof. Cuda's passion about it makes it interesting. I missed class two weeks in a row because of a work conflict and he came in early to go over the past week's lecture with me. Overall a positive experience.
5.0 : Great Professor, do the work, don't slack off and you will be fine!
4.0 : He is an AMAZING professor, he really cares about his students. If you pay attention and do all the homework you'll do just fine.
4.0 : I took him for Public Choice and he was a very entertaining and good teacher, funny, jokes a lot. He tends to ramble during his lectures, but the tangents are interesting/entertaining. He is always more than happy to engage in conversation if you have questions about anything either in person or over email. Very much a libertarian.
5.0 : He is my favorite professor - you can tell he honestly cares about teaching students something useful instead of just treating it just like a paying job. He offered many real world examples during lectures which made the materials easier to understand. It's an easy A if you put in the effort.
5.0 : Great professor.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had; he really cares about his students! His lectures are funny, and he's really good at explaining/clarifying things. He responds quickly to emails, and is happy to talk with you about anything. There is quite a bit of homework, but exam questions are usually pulled directly from the homework. Textbook was helpful.
5.0 : Terrific professor, entertaining lectures. Always goes the extra mile to make sure we understand the materials and is always available in/outside of class. Would recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Professor Hammer is energetic and engaging in his lectures. He tied in examples from the real world and a lot of stories. Attendance is not mandatory, but you won't pass if you miss too many lectures. Grading is easy to understand and fair.
5.0 : Even in 3 hour-long summer classes, Prof Hammer made them engaging and fun. Assigns homework each class, but I found it more helpful than a nuisance. It really allowed me to solidify the material. The textbook is nice for expanding on some concepts, but for the most part, as long as you pay attention in class you should not have to read too much.
5.0 : Learned a lot from Professor Hammer. He is very responsive and willing to help students, even provided me with valuable career advice when I was trying to decide between two internships. Great professor all around, highly recommend taking his class if you have the opportunity!
5.0 : He is awesome! Made me love Economics, his class was one of my favorites!
5.0 : Professor Hammer has a way of making classes "fun". His class is the only class that I actually looked forward to attending - that's saying something given the topic is Economics.
4.0 : Attendance not-mandatory. But it will go a LONG way towards that A. Not hard to pass, he gives every opportunity. Dont be afraid if you never taken economics before. He breaks it down. He doesn't follow the syllabus, just talks about whatever he likes. It can get pretty dry but if you're interested you will learn ALOT. He is awkwardly funny.
5.0 : Fantastic professor, very responsive inside and outside of classes and is always willing to help. You won't regret taking his class!
5.0 : He is a wonderful professor and spends time making sure students understand the materials.  His lectures are usually interesting.  He is easily accessible outside of class and always willing to help.  Attendance is not required but you should plan to attend and take notes - they are important for exams.  If you try, you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Great professor, gives good feedback in homework and is always willing to help.
4.0 : Great Prof. obviously cares for his students and is enthusiastic. Attendance not required but you will learn a great deal. He always attempted to make lecture as entertaining as ECON can be even still it can was dry. He would often go into convoluted rants. anyway textbook use was not required and you can get an A without it. Just cram before exams
5.0 : Honestly my favorite professor ever! I know economics is a hard class...I get it. It was hard but actually talking to him after class and asking for clarification really helped!! He makes lectures fun by turning boring textbook language into  real life relatable scenarios, which makes it easier to understand! Really chill, definitely recommend!
2.0 : Absolutely no teaching in this class. His class was self study. He had the textbook open under the dot com and flipped through pages asking us to go over them on our own. Class was lot of work too and a lot of memorization. He is not any easy grader either. Avoid him.
5.0 : It's pretty obvious that the poor comment is from someone who was unwilling to put any effort into the class. The class is very straight forward and all of the material is given to you. All you have to do is put in a little effort. The grading policy is unclear but the professor is more than willing to walk you through it and answer any questions.
5.0 : Smart, fair, and nice Prof. Made the class interesting and pleasant.
5.0 : Without a doubt great class &amp; professor
5.0 : and professor / great class
4.0 : Get ready to read the book in detail. Every week there is a paper due! No joke! Every week! I strongly recommend to submit early to receive better grade and full feedback. Study his selfessessmnet for exams. Study all charts he mention in class because you'll see in exam. He is a good teacher.
5.0 : I'm graduating in a week and let me tell you, this was one of the best classes I have ever taken in my college experience. Expect to walk away with a more knowledgeable perspective about the world around you; you'll learn a lot about yourself and others. The teacher is great, the class is stimulating and she left the entire class feeling inspired.
5.0 : Professor Snyder is the best! Hands down the best professor I've had at Mason.  She takes the time to make sure her students are doing well and truly wants all of her students to succeed.  Gives lots of opportunity for extra credit that is beneficial not just for the grade but for job experience/resume building. Take her!!!
4.0 : Professor is honestly one of a kind, she will give you a lot of homework but it is very manageable, she will also give you opportunities to do better in the class with extra credit assignments... You must attend class and join in on the discussions because they matter in your journal entries. I would take her in a heartbeat. She is so genuine!
4.5 : Taylor is a very green professor. He's super new and you can tell by the way he talks. He does try to be helpful and he does give breaks during the 3 hour long class. DO THE READINGS! You'll get quizzed on them. The class is super long because it's at night and it can get dry so bring caffeine. He does try to help and make things fun. No textbook!
4.0 : Professor is young, intelligent and passionate. He understands what it means to be a student because he just finished his PhD. He does give pop quizzes on the readings assigned but they are easy. Take good notes because test questions are a little tricky. Other than that, there is just 1 writing assignment. Highly recommend taking.
4.0 : She's a really nice HNRS 110 professor. She is always smiley and happy to help. Grading is a little harsh but you have several opportunities to ask for help before an assignment is due. Would highly recommend!
5.0 : Super nice and approachable!
5.0 : She was really nice and made a clear effort to help students that reached out to her. If you ask for help or have something come up just email her she is very understanding.
3.5 : Loved him but you really need to read the textbook to do well in class (even if you don't attend all the lectures you can get an A if you read the textbook thoroughly)
2.0 : Schwaben discussed topics in a more complicated manner than needed but obviously cared for his students and their ability to learn. Exam reviews were not helpful so I suggest paying attention to his lectures while constantly taking notes. Grades were heavily dependent on exams for the lecture (not lab).
5.0 : Best professor I have ever encountered. He loves if you go to his office hours. He usually uses practice tests a lot on the exam and is very nice and actually wants you to learn. The class is not super easy but with some effort and attending review sessions before exams, you'll do great.
5.0 : Cell and Molec Biology isn't easy, especially for non-biology majors like myself. But if you pay attention and study his lectures (as well as read the textbook) you can pretty easily get an A. He curves VERY generously as well, which helped me a LOT. He also explains things so that anyone can understand them. Go to office hours. He's great!
5.0 : Dr. Schwebach is a great professor. Highly respected and cared for by students. He truly cares about you and your success. Taking him again next semester! Also gives great study guides where some questions show up on the exam!
5.0 : Semester is nearly over and i have taken 3 out of the 5 exams in the class, Exam 4 and the final are on the same day but lowest exam grade gets dropped. I've gotten at least a 94 on each so far. Generous curves and he is really approachable and nice to talk to and will make sure you understand the material.
3.0 : A cool guy but not a good teacher. His lectures are confusing and he can't explain things well. His tests are relatively easy since he posts practice tests on blackboard and pulls most of his questions from those practice tests. Do well on tests since there aren't other chances to raise your grade.
5.0 : Your grade mainly comes from participation (he makes you create an index card at the beginning of the semester and you earn credit when he picks it out and asks you a question) and tests. Do well on the test and you should pass. Study the lectures and the practice quizzes/exam (you will see the same questions on the test).
5.0 : Very easy class in my opinion, probably because of how he teaches. He makes sure that students understand the material and is very approachable during and after class. Class grade is composed of 8% participation (just come to class you should get them), 25% lab (easy lab), and 67% from exams (4 exams and a final but one is dropped). Def recommend
5.0 : Excellent man! I enjoyed his class. He was informative and tried to make lectures interesting. Attendance and participation are required as classes are lecture/discussion oriented. One large group (class) project that takes up the majority of the last half of class. No tests, no textbook. But read the reference material each wk on BB.
5.0 : Awesome professor!! She makes classes a lot of  fun and very enjoyable.
5.0 : She's amazing! Great at explaining everything, clear grading criteria. As long as you go to class and follow the assignment instructions you'll do well. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : She's really nice and a grad student at mason so she understands the struggles of a student.
5.0 : Great professor! Knows the material well, and conveys it clearly.
5.0 : Prof. Dubrow is AWESOME. She makes Research Methods fun and understandable. Classes are always engaging and lively. She cares a lot about her students and is invested in their success. Super funny and kind. Does jeopardy review sessions, brings treats, gives study guides, allows extra credit, almost no hw assignments, but a good amount of quizzes.
4.5 : She is a good Professor Besides participating in class the only other graded material are two essays that count as your midterm and final. No textbooks but you have to do assigned readings.  Some of the readings were out dated and had some language that would be seen as offensive. But the class was fun and she was very accommodating to students.
5.0 : Not boring, not scared to cuss, not annoying, intelligent, great speaker of course, 25ish
5.0 : Teaches very well and very funny. You will have fun in this class and will be a breeze.
4.5 : She's awesome. TAKE HER. She's super flexible with making things up and is there for you. You will often finish lab work early but STAY for her review of material for the practicals. She's pretty decent with explaining stuff, but if you don't understand don't be afraid to ask, she's chill. Do your work and STUDY YOUR PRACTICALS &amp; you will pass.
5.0 : Ju is the best!  She is very knowledgeable, approachable and passionate about BIOL.  She always goes above and beyond for her students and stays after to help you really understand the material.  She's also humorous and a good cook (or, at least buys good food!).  She is very flexible, but concise in her grading.  You will learn what you need!
4.5 : Relaxed class. Practical is hard though.
4.0 : Ju is great and she's really understanding because she knows how hard anatomy is. Take her!! She has an accent but you can still understand everything she says, great lab instructor!
5.0 : Bio 124 Lab is a hard course overall mainly because of the practicals, but Ju does everything in her power to help you succeed. She's the sweetest person ever and if you are looking for a great lab instructor, pick Ju!
5.0 : TAKE JU!!! The lab is hard because of the practicals and quizzes - which is out of her hands. However, she wants everyone to do well and will give extra credit to make up for the difficulty of the class. In general she's just super friendly and nice, you'll be glad you took her!
4.0 : Professor Bates was such a helpful professor and by the end of the semester I felt that I had improved greatly in my writing abilities. For all papers she encourages you to write about topics that you enjoy. Her mandatory conferences were incredibly useful for revising work. I would definitely recommend her class!
3.5 : I will be honest.., I am a good student and get good grades... but this teacher is a joke. Honestly, don't think she is very bright. It is a 100 level class for English and she think a C and B are good grades. Way too tough of a grader for this class. Homework practically every night, which is normally just busy work. Look for a better option...
5.0 : This class was great overall. There was little to no reading involved, no Finals or midterms, and the constant homework helped me improve my writing abilities. Papers are harshly graded but you are allowed a revision to try to improve your grade. As long as you do the assignments as they are assigned, you'll do good in this class.
2.0 : Prof. Bates assigns online homework assigns multiple times per week, which was very annoying. She even made some assignments due at the worst times like Saturday nights. She's also a tough, and not very clear grader.  She would help students revise their papers, but once students made the revisions, the paper grade would still be low.
5.0 : Professor Bates is amazing. She's young so she's relatable and super cool. Attendance and participation are a grade but it is a fun class to go to. Her 'lectures' and class style is very laid back. The papers are actually interesting and easy to write. Expect homework every night but it homework that I looked forward to doing. Take her!!!!
5.0 : Professor Bates is a very good professor.  Her class is fun and engaging, and she doesn't make it too hard as long as you keep up with the blog prompts she gives.  She's very friendly and easy to talk to, and she responds quickly to emails if you have any questions.
2.5 : The class was okay. Wouldn't take her again but I didn't have nightmares. We did a lot of online stuff and it was annoying, seemed like busywork. She is helpful if you have questions though.
5.0 : Professor Bates is great!  She's fun and very understanding about missed or late assignments.  She does these conference things that give really good feedback and also give you the week off (a nice bonus)!  She also uses blackboard and other web apps for homework and classwork, which can be good or bad depending on personal preference.
4.5 : Good class.  Lots of writing.
4.5 : This guy is the best professor ever. He's funny, easygoing, and gives everyone ways to get an A. He has extra credit, drops an exam, and drops the lowest quiz. Read the chapters if you want to do well on the quizzes, but his lectures cover it well. If you need to take PSYC 304 (you can as a replacement for research methods btw) take it with him!!
4.5 : Patrick is a generous passionate teacher. Isn't that all that matters. There are quizzes every week but they are all in the book. EVerything's coming from the book. He's generous with his time and energy (He crushes Monster drinks during class. lol) He was by far the influential teacher of the semester. Go to class and if you have it once a week, GL
2.0 : This class is the easiest A in my college career so far. Don't take him if you want to actually learn though. And don't take him if you are easily offended
5.0 : Textbook needed for Quick Quizzes that represent inclass quizzes. Wonderful gpa booster! Very helpful professor. Show up, try and you are likely to do very well.
5.0 : Go to class and pay attention. He'll help you get through the dry lectures and try to make lectures interesting. Makes you feel like you'll get through it together. Tests aren't hard but you can go over them in class where feedback is welcomed. Bad questions are omitted from final scores if they are discussed in class. Quizzes are from book. Cake.
5.0 : He's a good professor, so you'll do fine
4.0 : Grade is completely based on the tests and quizzes. Pretty well organized,  fun enough and relatable. Doesn't curve anything. Read the textbook and you will be fine. Tests are nothing like the quizzes, so you really have to read the textbook and attend class to navigate the test. Would recommend.
3.0 : The class is mandatory, and if research isn't your thing (it's definitely not mine) you won't really like it. He graded me very fairly, and the one time I didn't feel that way he went over my paper again and decided I deserved a higher grade.
4.0 : Although many other students 110 experience was easier, Stafford was extremely helpful. He makes you work for your grade, but if you put in enough effort the rewards are great because research can be fun.
3.5 : Tough class, great professor. The material he teaches you is rather abstract, but he is extremely willing to work with students on deadlines. There is a semester long group project, but only two small quizzes.
5.0 : A professor that truly expects intellectual growth and critical thinking from his students. Super interesting course material and course design. Take this class if you want to learn and have the necessary skills to evaluate the growing role of technology in our modern world.
4.0 : Tough grader, helps students a lot. His class is worth it because he puts in so much effort to provide feedback and helps you learn.
5.0 : He is a very understand professor. If you are falling behind, he sincerely cares and wants you to get good grades. He doesn't really reply to his emails quickly, but other than that he is very helpful during and outside of class. I totally recommend!
3.5 : This class was not a hard class by any means, but it is also not an easy class. The professor is really nice though,  The homework can occasionally get long and tedious, but it will help you for the tests, which can be kind of difficult. Overall this class wasn't so bad, expect a class full of guys though.
4.0 : I took Josh because of his high rating on RMP as a freshman needing to fulfill the COMM requirement. It is true that he is very welcoming, makes the projects less scary, and is willing to work with you. He follows course policy, so that is why there is so much homework. Keep track of online assignments &amp; be excited to go to class. Has pet squirrel.
5.0 : he is so easy going, any time you need to talk to him he is so understanding and so cool. couldn't ask for a better professor!!!!!!
5.0 : Hes chill.
5.0 : Josh is an awesome professor. Public speaking is something I really fear, but Josh really helped me get comfortable. He's sometimes a little slow to respond to emails because he's got a lot on his plate. Easygoing professor and grader. I feel that I do poorly in my speeches but then I look at my grade after class and it's an A. Highly recommend him
5.0 : Professor Murphy is a legend. He's absolutely hilarious, and makes you want to come to every class. The class itself is easy as long as you do all the work. He doesn't take off points for every small thing, so don't be worried about speeches. He makes everyone, even those who don't like speeches, comfortable. Take him!
4.0 : Class not bad but U hv to follow schedule. Consists of lots video assgn, quizzes, 4speeches shared w same group, peer wrkshp which were repetitive ea speech. Josh great at responding to mails but on ea final speeches doesn't provide feedback or how its graded. Doesn't grade harshly or too easy tho. Final mc based on quizzes so do them,know answers
4.5 : Currently have for Public Speaking. He's young, but he knows what hes talking about. I enjoy the class. Cute too for a professor.
5.0 : I have him for public speaking. He talks a lot, but its a cool class. I don't think I'd take it if it wasn't required, but I still like going.
5.0 : Josh is really entertaining and makes communications suck a lot less. He doesn't have much leeway on what is assigned but he keeps us informed on what's due and isn't a really hard grader. One of the best comm teachers out there!
5.0 : GOAT, so chill and extremely easy grader. He doesn't care what you do while you're in class and makes the class so easy. He's fun and makes the class an easy A and gives you no stress what so ever. He is the best professor in COMM, if you want an A and don't want any stress take him.
5.0 : I have Josh for Public Speaking and I really like him! He's a super chill guy and he always works with me if I need help with something or if something isn't clear. Public speaking makes me nervous, but the class feels comfortable and safe.
5.0 : Josh is an amazing professor. His lectures are funny, as well as him, and he makes you want to actually come to class. He doesn't grade harshly at all, and is a very understanding person. There aren't many major projects either, just small stuff mostly. I would definitely take him again! Take him if you can! Best comm professor out there.
4.5 : Josh was great! Easy grader definitely. I was terrified of public speaking. Still am, but not as much. He gives you everything you need to know and makes the speeches very easy. He's funny and class will pass by in no time.
5.0 : Josh is chill. Take him, you'll get an A.
4.5 : Honestly having Josh as a professor was the best. He understands that not everyone is cut out for pubic speaking so he's never really that harsh with grading. His lectures were always entertaining. Our class loved him. He made every class enjoyable. He's seriously there to help you which is great. I highly reccommend him.
5.0 : It was my favorite class of the semester. Mr. Murphy was really into the class and he made us laugh a lot. I think I got an A or A- in the class and its really not that hard to do well as long as you turn everything in and try. He works with you
5.0 : Great professor! Just make sure you go to most of his lectures and do all of the homework. Although there is a lot of work in Comm 101, they are not difficult. As long as you put effort into his class and do the homework, it is fairly easy to receive an A. He is really funny and very reasonable in grading. I highly recommend taking him!
4.5 : When I heard I had to take public speaking, I got extremely nervous. I randomly selected Mr. Murphy, and he came out to be a lifesaver. The class was great, and it wasn't close to as bad as I thought it would've been. In fact, it wasn't bad at all. Mr. Murphy was cool and clear. He's a student himself, and understood our struggles. Overall, amazing
5.0 : This professor is the most professional individual I've ever taken a class with. She engages her students with information that is useful in the evolving field of the arts.
5.0 : Super hot and funny. But tough grader.
4.0 : She's a relatively nice professor, and doesn't seem to be much of a hard grader. Class discussions among classmates make up a majority of the class, and she doesn't necessarily talk much except for during lecture notes. She is helpful when asked and enjoys listening to student interaction.
5.0 : Professor Springer is nice, a relatively easy grader, and the lectures are short, sweet, and to the point. As long as you participate in class discussions and following along with her lectures, it is an easy A.
4.0 : easy grader, easy exams, but the most boring lectures ever. he talks so slow and repeats himself a lot.
4.0 : Dr. Kitaeff is very easy going as a professor and incredibly knowledgeable about the subject (he wrote the book!).  Lectures are mostly him reading from slides/book but still enjoyable.  Exams were ridiculously easy and he essentially gives you the answers during his review sessions (even though all you really have to do is read the power points).
5.0 : Professor Kitaeff is extremely aware of his topics! He wrote one of the books which is a big plus. He takes students seriously and respects their opinions. This is a great professor, friendly and approachable. You can't go wrong taking his class.
5.0 : Dr. Kitaeff obviously cares a lot about his students and their welfare.  He inspires critical thinking along the lines of criminal personalities and related topics.  He is very well regarded by the class.
5.0 : Awesome professor and extremely knowledgeable!
5.0 : Great professor, he really loves what he does and it shows. He loves interactions from the students and opinions. Tests are fill in the blanks mainly but super easy as long as you listen to his lectures and study guide tips. 10% is attendance, he requires a paper but its fun so doesn't make it too hard. Really takes the time to know his students to
4.0 : Dr. Kitaeff is a great professor and "teacher."  He presented the material for the course in a clear and concise fashion, and really seems to care about his students.  I wish I could take the course again!
5.0 : Amazing professor. He really cares about his students. Lectures are long but he normally ends early. His exam reviews are in depth and will really help you on his exams. He is really knowledgable in his field.
5.0 : Professor Kitaeff has provided a fascinating class on the criminal personality.  He is pleasant, affable, and easy to get along with.  He also responds quickly to emails and questions that students might have.  He is a great professor.
5.0 : Absolutely the BEST professor I've had in GMU. I found him very funny and engaging during the lectures. It is a MUST to go to his review sessions before the test. I would take this class over and over if I could! He realizes that class might drag and tries to make sure that you're "never late to leave early" (Kitaeff,  2017).
2.0 : 2 textbooks. Gave us slides.  His slides are lacking, so read up. Other books slides are conclusive. Tends to read straight from own book a lot during class. Sometimes goes on tangents or into detail on unrelated things. (Participation) Showing up is 10%. Can miss 3 classes max.  1 (4-6) page criminal profiling paper 30%. (Midterm30% Final 30%)-M/C
2.5 : Can not teach to save his life. All of the information on his powerpoint are taken word for word out of both textbooks. His "lecture" his him reading directly out of the textbook.
3.5 : The previous reviews are pretty extreme. Yes, he is kind of boring sometimes and class is heavily centered on his slides, but other times we have in class discussions that are always fun to listen to! His teaching is kind of rusty, but he's very nice. Greatly curved the midterm grade (tricky Qs but easy overall). He's very nice and approachable!
3.0 : He is very knowledgeable of the field, but he isn't very good at lecturing. He reads directly out of the textbook/off the powerpoint. The exams are based off of material from many chapters of both textbooks, although he will test you on 8 of the chapters at the most. He also heavily curved the grade for exams as well.
5.0 : Arguably the best professors Ive had at GMU. Very influential too. His lectures can get boring once in a while but they are definelty useful.
5.0 : Another Gem of George Mason University. Interesting lectures and encourages open discussion. Highly reccommended.
5.0 : He is really nice and funny. His test are picky but if you tell him what you are struggling with he will help you. He gives study guide if you ask for them.
5.0 : Great professor. Really wants his students to do well and understand the material.   my advise to you take him!
5.0 : Professor Waleed is very funny and kind, he tries to get to know and interact with all students and ensures everybody understands the pronounciation and feels successful. He is lenient and is very clear on what he expects in homework and in class/tests. Attendance is a grade but classes are interactive, homework is given out daily but not hard.
4.5 : He really wants his students, especially non-native speakers, to learn and want to continue learning Arabic. If you have an issue or are struggling, he is willing to help. There are a couple of quizzes and tests that you will need to prepare for. Attendance isn't mandatory, per se, but if you don't come to class then you won't know the material.
4.0 : He's pretty great tbh. He wants his students to actually understand and does a good job of making sure that they do.  Really good job of making everyone feel  respected. It's six credits so class is long, but usually fun. Have to study for tests &amp; quizzes. Little to no homework
4.0 : At first I wasn't sure how to take Zachary, but he ended up being a really fun professor. He also always made his grading criteria crystal clear and the assignments were easy. He handled the class well, but also gave us freedom to interact with each other and have eye opening discussions with each other.
4.5 : Great professor, very interactive and smart. He has lots of insight from his personal life that he uses when talking about issues and he really encourages class participation
4.5 : Incredibly insightful and helpful. Works on improving writing skills and his insightful ideas help the students open up their minds. Totally unbiased. His class was a great introductory class to college. Would take again!
4.5 : If you need clarification on an assignment , ask him whether it's by  e-mail or in person. It will benefit your grade if you do. Also, most of the readings are common sense. Overall, this class is pretty interesting but better if you actually participate and voice your opinion. He also shows clips from Parks and Rec, Gossip Girl, and more.
5.0 : I took Shakespeare Race and Difference and loved it! There were 3 required papers (one online discussion paper, one film adaptation comparison, and one longer research paper), and 1 group project. The lectures and discussion help give an idea of the quality she's expecting, and she's great about setting up appointments to look over papers.
5.0 : She is a wonderful professor. She really encourages discussion and is very open to hearing other ideas.
5.0 : She's an amazing professor. She's very passionate about what she teaches and it was the one class I looked forward to going to. A lot of reading, several papers, and a class presentation. Make sure to do ALL the readings and be prepared to discuss it in class. Very discussion based. Don't be shy to voice your opinions as she welcomes them.
4.5 : I would highly recommend this class and this professor to anyone. She is a tough grader, but that's only because she's very smart and well educated on the topic. This also allows her to give really good constructive feedback to you for your papers and assignments. She rewards hard work and effort, and also gives extra credit.
3.0 : I have never experienced a professor who made us work so hard before. For a summer ENGH 322 class, we were responsible for enough assignments for the class to be a Graduate level class - she is eager and supportive, but is very burdening and assigns so many assignments and papers it's impossible to stay atop of. Avoid!
5.0 : She is one of my favorite professors. She's passionate about what she teaches and works with you. There's a lot of reading and a fair amount of writing. Mostly discussion based. Participation is key. Don't come to class unprepared.
4.5 : Made me really interested in Shakespeare. She's young and extremely enthusiastic as well as knowledgeable. She breaks down the meaning of passages in class which is where participation comes in; she gets you involved. Quizzes are easy if you read the plays. Basically just read and don't slack. We went to the Folger theatre at the end. Memorable.
5.0 : Prof. Chakravarty is passionate about Shakespeare, and it shows in her teaching. Her class isn't difficult at all; just read the plays (Sparknotes helps) and pay attention to class discussion. She is happy and willing to help, if you ever need it. It doesn't require too much effort to get an A. Don't skip class more than 4 times, though.
5.0 : Professor umesh is great professor he will answer your questions in class and thru email. Attandance is mandatory, there are 2 tests, weekly readings, research paper on a country he chooses for you and a website. Overall this class is pretty easy if you come to class, pay attention, you will pass with an A. !NO TEXTBOOK!
3.5 : IT304 is a boring class, but the material is actually somewhat interesting. Professor Harigopal tries his hardest to make it fun and engaging with Youtube videos and etc. There's easy reading assignments, paper, website project, group project, &amp; 2 tests. Honestly, everything seemed relatively easy. And he gives extra credit. I would recommend him!
4.0 : It was her first time teaching, she decided to make the exams all online, which was great. Used the powerpoints she posted. As for how she taught, she literally just read the slides word for word, however you can't skip the class because there are random classes that she counts for attendance, esp. since it was a night class.  Readings were a pain.
3.0 : The typical online course- powerpoint slides (not voiceover) and then a quiz and discussion board due weekly. One paper. Sometimes shes an easy grader but other times she isnt. Make sure to make your discussion boards lengthy to get full credit. Quiz material wasnt always covered in powerpoint so textbook use was needed.
4.0 : Would recommend taking her! I took her online psyc 379 class. Shes great with getting back to her students emails right away. The assignments were pretty easy just blackboard discussion posts, quizzes two exams and a paper. She would give as much credit as possible.
5.0 : I highly enjoyed this class! Her lectures were interesting and she is also very comedic! Don't take advantage of her niceness, though, you still have to do the work to get an A!
4.0 : Prof. Parada's class was really easy. Main portion of your grade comes from 3 online exams open note open book. She is a little dry on her lectures sometimes but she is funny too. You have 30 participation points in class that she does not announce ahead of time.
3.5 : Classes go the full length. Eventually covers all of the material and lets you know what is on the exam, but takes a lifetime to get there. Responds to student feedback on exams, but expect to sit in a lecture for the full 3-hours. Takes note on participation and attendance though.
3.0 : Just finished taking her class, prof Gallagher does lecture the whole class time. She does not waste time. Participation is graded in group work. Overall a pretty easy class just make sure you go for the review before tests and read her PowerPoints and you should be st8.
4.0 : No textbook needed for this class. Her tests were written which isn't too bad and she gives out study guides before each test. Get ready to work in groups as well.
4.0 : Nothing but great feedback for professor Gallagher. She is funny and her lectures are engaging NOT TEXBOOK ARE REQUIRED. All the questions to the final and midterm are put on her slideshows she provides with up to date research that is online for free. Engage in class participation and you will do great.
5.0 : funny but respectful - very difficult topics, great discussion
2.0 : Blackboard isn't used. Slides are emailed. No books for this class but there are many articles to read that are either accessible through mason library online or included in the email. She's very scatterbrained. Midterm &amp; final (essays) are 35% each (on slides &amp; articles) &amp; group work &amp; individual work are 15% each. The in class activities are easy
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at GMU. She is absolutely hilarious and very knowledgeable about the material. Her exams are all short answer/essay format, but they reflect exactly what was said in class over and over, so they're easy. Homework is always article readings, and she goes over those in depth as well.
4.0 : So here's the thing: she is a great teacher, and talks a lot, which is cool and all, but I couldn't get into the material. If you like to read you'll like the class, and the readings are interesting just bogged down in a lot of information. Also, she makes people argue both sides of things so you have argue for things you don't believe in.
5.0 : Professor Gallagher is the best professor I've ever had at Mason. She is so down to earth, respectful and loves discussion. She makes the topic understandable and gives real life examples. She uses articles so you don't have to buy a textbook. midterm and final are short answer and essay and the answers are given to you before hand. 11/10!!
5.0 : She is so so funny. She is a little all over the place but that's her personality. All the information is given to you on the slides. Class really helps. The reading you get aren't necessary to read. I got an A and never read on article. Oops. She is one of the best professors I've had at Mason.  Down side, she doesn't use blackboard.
5.0 : Be respectful and ask for his opinion often. You have to work for the grade, but I would totally recommend this professor.
5.0 : Great professor. He really makes you think about the project and how you can create an something that matters to you. Allows you to express your creativity rather than following a strict constraints. Just put the effort and work in and participate in class to get a passing grade. He also gives great feedback and really wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Don't expect an easy grade, you have to put an effort into this class, and if you are the person who doesn't give effort, don't take it. With that said, professor Dungan is by far, with my 3 years of experience at Mason, one of the most excellent professor with awesome, awesome personality. Learned a lot over the course of Spring 2016 semester.
5.0 : Prof Dungan is bomb! This was her first semester teaching 302 and she made it seem flawless. Only like 3 very small "papers" and 1 final research paper which she made it fun and a breeze for all of us. She also gives extra credit and lets you revise any assignments for total points! :)
5.0 : This class is really simple as long as you turn in the assignments on time and make an effort to go to class. She's really accessible and always willing to help you better your grade but you have to be willing and take out time to meet up with her. Spoiler alert: She bakes for her classes so be prepared to have some delicious cookies.
4.5 : Great personality. Very funny. Willing to help you any time. Takes some work, but if you are willing to do it - it's easy.
5.0 : I wish I had more space to rave about her, but she  is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!! She makes time to work with each student 1 on 1 and does her absolute best to help in every way she can! She is also extremely down to earth, understanding and hilarious!!!! I loved her so much :) Plus she brought in some baked goods that were such a day brightener
5.0 : Caitlin is the sheer reason why I loved this class. If you show up, show that you care about your schoolwork, and do the work she assigns (which is literally nothing), you'll get an A.  The textbook is required but I opened it twice, maybe 3x.  Barely any hw assignments, just due dates for final research paper/lit review
5.0 : I loved this teacher!!! I was initially afraid that she was going to be strict because that is how she sounded through her emails but she is very kind and relaxed. There isn't too much homework, and if there is she allows you to make it up at the end of the semester. She also also you to revise your essays for extra points. Amazing English Teacher!
5.0 : Professor Dungan is super chill, and understanding. She is extremely helpful and replies to emails as soon as she can.
5.0 : She is a great teacher. She made english very fun and easy. Show up to class and turn your essays on time. She will allow students to redo their essays for a higher grade which is an awesome thing. The best english teacher i ever had!
5.0 : Literally if you show up and put in any effort you will get an A. Professor Dungan is not a fan of the rain so if it is raining when class is scheduled she will cancel class. Would always bring in food for us too. She is the best professor I have had at Mason so far.
5.0 : She's a great teacher with a great personality. She understands her students well and works with them to a great extent. She makes the class fun. Plus she bakes a lot so she'll bring food in once in a while.
5.0 : A great English professor! A lot of the English teachers are boring, but she makes her class interesting and fun. You will learn what other English professors at 302 teach, but she actually takes boring material and makes it easier to understand. If you come to class, do your homework, you'll be fine. She's very creative and smart. A blessing!
5.0 : She is not your average English professor! The most "down to earth" professor I've ever met at GMU. Do your work and you will be rewarded. Also, show up to class for participation points. English and humor is a difficult thing to combine, but this professor has done it. I would love to go to happy hour with her. She's hiliarious.
4.5 : Make sure you keep on top of the Prepare to Participate. If you don't do them you won't pass.
4.0 : She is not the most structured professor I have ever had, but she really has a passion for her subject. She is very clear when answering questions, but make sure you read the chapters!
4.0 : Professor Emami is a laid-back instructor, but you still have to do the work! There are weekly quizzes and a few short papers to write throughout the semester, but in the end it wasn't half bad. :) She is passionate about sociology, and you will never get bored in her class!
5.0 : good teacher. relaxed atmosphere. He goes by the book and is nice. In a class that should be a sure A, he and the way the course point system is set up tries to slash every chance of getting that A. The material isn't hard, but it's more difficult than it has to be. I feel like he is on a leash by the department, has more teaching potential.
5.0 : Professor Boylen was one of my best professors at mason, if not the best professor at mason! and thats saying a lot since I graduate this may. His class requires you to participate but this really helped reenforce the material. It was a fun class for me. I got an A on the midterm (don't remember by exact score) and a 99.71 on the final! Take Him!
4.0 : Prof Boylen was great. His lectures focus on the most important concepts in the chapter so you are not floating around reading 30 pages of a chapter when you really only need the information in 10 pages. As long as you come to class prepared and participate in the in class group exercises you should do fine. I would highly recommend.
5.0 : Boylen is a great professor. He guides students to learn the material. Students can easily work for an A!
5.0 : Second class with him, by far my favorite professor. Every class is set up the same, with him lecturing, then you group up in teams of 6 and answer a question, and your group just answers the question in front of the class in a casual 1-2 minute explanation. Attendance isn't required but book is. His in class questions help a lot to understand
4.5 : Boylen is an amazing professor and person. Besides teaching you the material he also teaches you to apply it which is the most important part. Theres a midterm, final and group project which are all clear on what he teaches you as long as you study and attend class. Boylen also makes class super fun &amp; engaging for the students! TAKE HIM!!
4.5 : He is a very nice professor! His lectures are interesting and you should participate since that is 10% of your grade. The tests are mostly based on the content he covers in class and the MC is from the online HW quiz questions which you should write down, since they vanish after the due date. Participate, skim the chapters, and you will do well!
4.5 : Does his best to make the material interesting and fun. Breaks up lectures with a little group work. Participation matters so go to class and be prepared to answer a few questions.  Pretty cool guy, highly recommend to take his class!!
5.0 : Hes a great professor, practically everything he goes over in class will be on the exams and what not, with some of the quiz questions from the homework. He knows exactly what hes teaching and if you attend class, you will get very good results. He makes the classes very engaging. Take him if you want to learn AND get good grades.
3.0 : If you are looking for an easy A, I wouldn't take him.   You feel like it will be an easy A, then you take a mid term and realize 4  short answer questions are more points than 30 multiple choice questions+an essay. If you do not know 2 questions thats negative 20 automatically. HW every week. Have to present almost every class for participation
5.0 : I took his class for Business 100, and I would definitely take him for another Business class if possible. He teaches very well and is very easy to understand. If you come to class, participate, and simply listen, then there should be no problem, and you should get an A.
5.0 : He is great. The class is not difficult. Be ready to participate in class, however. Much of the class is group discussion over the topics in the book.
4.5 : His lectures were really interesting! He gives online quizzes but they're really easy. People always complain that he doesn't tell you about homework, but it's seriously the same thing every week. Just check blackboard before class and you'll be okay. Pay attention to lectures and you won't need the textbook.
5.0 : This class is very easy. All you have to do is do your readings, participate in class discussion, do your blogs/comments, and do your online reading quizzes (which you can retake until you get a 100) Midterm isn't that hard if you study. Only one group project which is a case study presentation. Overall would recommend this class!
5.0 : My favorite professor as a freshman, really easy class.
5.0 : Great professor
1.0 : Prof. Boylen is very picky. For a 200 level class this class is way too strict and hard. He wants his students to talk every class and he posts quizzes every week. His instructions are confusing for the final project. Avoid him if you can.
4.0 : He has an odd teaching style that forces you to learn from each other. Most of the class is spent listening to your peers present and discuss the textbook. He randomly calls on you and asks confusing questions. Weekly online quizzes, a midterm, group project and a final. If you hate public speaking do not take. You will present at least 3 times.
4.0 : Attendance is a must and be ready to answer questions in class. He's a really fair grader. The book is necessary for class discussions and is what he lectures off of. The lectures are long but he tries to add group work to make it more bearable. Overall, really helpful and a good professor
4.0 : Very nice guy, but doesn't just hand out As on projects/tests. The tests are mainly short answers and he takes off points a lot.
4.0 : Professor Boylen was a very good teacher. His class was not too difficult and he helped to reinforce material that was taught in class. He does require participation in class, so if you do not like that then you should not take him. Overall, he was a good teacher.
3.5 : it's easy, as it should be, being a 100 level class.  It is not a stressful class at all.  I will say EASY B.  not an easy A and i can't really tell you why. Sometimes I feel like he just feels like not giving people points because he WANTS to find something. It's his job, but there is a point where you have to ask, really? no stress/dissapointing
5.0 : Very easy class. lots of group discussions which actually made me more confident to speak in front of the class. Online quizzes (same as MCs on midterm and final exams), blogs, one big group project and two exams. Don't panic. It's a stressfree class. He is very supportive and willing to answer any questions you have. Book is required.
5.0 : She is a great professor and very helpful. Her class was very inspirational and fun. Annie is also super hot.
5.0 : Annie is super willing to work with you on papers and is very personable. Being that she is younger, she knows how to talk to our age demographic in a way that is friendly and not condescending. She's the best. Best GLOA teacher for sureeee. Go to class. Her lectures aren't just straight from the book &amp; she's awesome.
5.0 : Annie is the best! She's super nice &amp; funny and the class is very intellectual &amp; makes it interesting. She assigns a lot of reading, so beware, but they're not too bad. Not necessary to read them, but they help. She gives map quizzes, but they're very easy and helpful to your grade. Definitely take her!!
5.0 : Very Charming and quirky. This professor was the whole reason I came to class. She goes out of her way to help you and open to other opinions. Be sure to take her class.
5.0 : She is very helpful. Makes the class very fun and also has candy sometimes. Gives extension on papers if asked. Easy map quizzes. There's no way you'll fail. She assigns a lot of extra credit. Without those, I probably would have had a C/D. Half the class won't show up and attendance is not mandatory but definitely show up.
5.0 : There are a lot of readings in this class. Some are online and some come from the two books you need (one of them is free online FYI). Hui is young, she's a grad student so she knows what we're going through and she sympathizes with us. That being said she's an English major so spelling counts, on map quizzes especially. She does offer extra credit
5.0 : Annie is the most amazing professor!!! She is so down to earth and understanding ! She cares a lot about her students and is very passionate about every topic we discuss in class. I constantly look forward to her class!! Couldn't recommend her more!
5.0 : Professor Hui's class is the first one I took in regards to Globalization and i loved it. She is very kind, patient and open minded. Her readings and lectures were extremely interesting and I was excited to come into class everyday because she had a way of making the class fun.  I would definitely suggest taking this class
4.5 : Educated on the topic and always offers her opinion but there is a TON of reading
5.0 : This was my first class on globalization and was great! Annie is fun to talk to and open to lots of discussion. A lot of reading but they are useful. Ppts helped alot. Map quizzes are easy. Papers and exams were normal. Topics cool. SHe also gave me advice with my other papers (format stuff) because she was an English major so that was cool. Take!
5.0 : Annie is fantastic! She is a grad student and is a great professor. Her class was very engaging and she was extremely open to discussions with students. She doesn't give many exams but there is a lot of reading to do for the course if you want to do well on the essays and exams. Overall, I had a great time in her class. Take her!!
5.0 : Annie is an excellent GLOA teacher who not only knows what she's talking about but is able to TEACH the material to students. Besides that, she's incredibly understanding and fun to have as as teacher. Try and make it to her office hours or just talk to her - she's awesome!! Best teacher I've had yet.
5.0 : Prof Hui knows what shes talking about and she cares about her students. Class discussions are the best and she is open to all sides. She respects our views but also challenges us. Dont know what the person below is saying (grades just came out - not diff to pass) she responds quickly and would sit outside classroom to review things with us. Take!
3.0 : The professor is very understanding she talks to all her students if in trouble, but there a lot of readings and you have to make sure you do good in those because, in the end, it will count a lot on your final grade.
5.0 : I thought this class would be dull theory about culture but it was theory plus applying to culture. Class discussions helped a lot in moving the class and making it interesting. A lot of reading but you learn to read critically and actually use the theory. Annie is a grad student but is better than a lot of tenured profs. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Professor Hui is very friendly and explains things well. I'm a transfer student so I didn't take the suggested 100 level courses. She took time to fill me in on some of Gloa101 and checked in afterwards to make sure I wasn't lost. That helped a lot. Do the extra credits bc they can bump your grade up almost one full grade.
5.0 : Annie is grad student completing her PHD program. if you sit and participate and engage  you will do well. I did not buy any of the text books and did barley any readings and got a B+. I did put in effort for class though! SHE IS WOKE!!! Best overall class I have taken this semester. SHE IS WOKEEEE! she doesn't teach just out the textbook, its real
5.0 : Hands down my favorite instructor this semester. She's kind and down to earth. She works hard and genuinely cares for her students. Makes you want to study and get good grades in her class.
5.0 : Fiorella is a great lab instructor. She communicates the material and I am learning a lot from her. She engages the class and I get the impression that she knows the material well. It would be nice if she taught other classes. I would definitely recommend her.
2.5 : I took her last semester and had to really work for an A. I recommend avoiding this class because she quickly goes over material and does not clarify many things. Quizzes are difficult and confusing and she can be difficult to understand because she talks so quickly and has a minor accent. She seems like she may be nice, just not helpful in class.
5.0 : I got an A+ in both semesters of A&amp;P, so let me tell you she is a great TA. If you need help, she'll give it to you. Ask her questions and don't be lazy. I appreciated the fact that she wasn't like the other TAs who made quizzes ridiculously easy. Her quizzes prepare you for the lecture exams. I never scored lower than a 93 on any lecture exams.
2.0 : Would not recommend this instructor. She is a very sweet person, but does not teach the material very well and tends to go over material as fast as possible. I felt like I was teaching the information to myself. The class is hard whoever your prof is, but if you need a prof that will actually teach you the material, this is not the one.
4.5 : Very kind lab instructor who genuinely cares about her students. She is very helpful during class and is willing to answer any questions you may have. Tries to help her students improve in anyway she can. You need to study for her quizzes though.
5.0 : Fiorella is a great professor and always tries to help us learning the material.
3.5 : She looks out for the students and tries to give them as many points as possible on the quizzes. Sometimes she is a little hard to understand and the quizzes can be confusing, but she is very understanding and willing to clarify. This class will be hard no matter who teaches it.
4.0 : This class is mandatory for my major, don't take it if you don't need it. It is extremely difficult but she helps you as best she can and always encourages you to stay after with her to clarify things. She is really, really awesome honestly.
5.0 : Excellent Arabic professor. He's a native speaker from Libya and has a wonderful grasp not only on the language, but also on how to effectively teach it. ARAB 110 is an elementary level course and I'm learning so quickly. He's so funny and relatable; he does a lot to make the class fun. Very good at reading students and adjusting  his methods.
5.0 : Essam is a fun guy, and he is always making everyone laugh! Arabic is hard for non-native speakers, so be prepared to study a lot! Study the vocab, and he would be impressed by you! Not a tough grader, just learn the writing rules, do the workbook, and you'll get an A.
5.0 : IT 206, in all honesty, is an easier class than 106. That being said, you still need to do work outside of class to do well. Same format as 106, but you dive in to object oriented programming (how you really program). Jbara did a great job in teach material and is accessible outside of class. Get to know your professors is my only advice.
5.0 : Prof. Jbara respects students and gives great feedback. He covers the lecture material in details and answers all questions. I would recommend him.
5.0 : My IT106 professor would stare at us like a deer in headlights when we asked her questions. Prof. Jbara is very knowledgable and has the ability to clearly answer any and all questions. I have been programming for a few years and went through a programming bootcamp but, frankly, almost gave up on the IT department until I took his class. Thanks!
2.0 : This is a hard class as it is. But if you truly want to pass, do not take the class with this professor. He is not clear in his lectures, and grades really hard, maybe even harder than Professor Bono. He does not challenge his students, and pretty much expects you to know java on your own. He grades extremely harshly!
3.5 : This is a hard or maybe programming is not for me. The professor is good and helpful, but his grading is a little harsh.
4.0 : This is definitely a hard class. The professor was straight forward and helpful. Grading was hard.
4.0 : Hard class, but if you practice outside of class, the material will make sense as he explains it, light bulb went off several times during his lectures. Its a new language essentially, can't cram java all in 1 night. I took him twice for the same class since he's very knowledgeable and respectful. Tough grader, responds very quickly to email.
5.0 : Professor Jbara is well respected and well knowledgeable when it comes to java. While most people say he is a tough grader but from my experience he was more than fair. I would definitely suggest going to class regularly and ask him question when lost so he is aware that you are putting in some effort. Overall, take him if you have the chance.
4.5 : I was officially registered in another section, but I attended dr. Jbara's lecture mainly because he doesn't rush quickly through the slides as my assigned professor does.  He spends enough time on each slide and doesn't move to the next slide until he makes sure the point is clear.  I also went to his office hours and he was always very helpful.
5.0 : IT 206 is a course you absolutely have to dedicate your time towards. That being said, if you want a professor who truly cares about your success in the course, I would take professor Jbara over any other professor teaching 206. Regardless of which professor you take, you will still have to put in the same amount of effort but Jbara is the realest.
4.5 : I believe the difficulty in this course comes mainly from the nature of the course. The professor himself is very helpful and treats the students kindly. His instruction can be improved but it was clear enough for me. The preparation of the exams is handled by the course organizer so all the sessions take the same (hard) exam.
4.0 : Arslan is a great professor - personable, hilarious and down-to-earth. Decent feedback on papers, clear lecturer and made the effort to know his students/help when he could. + Great career advice, knowledgable about the field (real experience) and is honest about the effort needed to pass. Really great class, taking him again next semester.
5.0 : Great professor! Really knows how to lecture a class with humor and is is very knowledgeable about the subject with a good professional background. Likes to bring up students for demonstrations which become quickly laughable. Definitely would take again. No textbook, but you do have to read the articles to pass the test.
3.5 : I loved Prof. Hunzeker. He assigns a lot of reading, but his lectures are great. He's super passionate, and the policy simulation at the end is so fun. 10/10 recommend.
5.0 : This was one of the more hard classes I've taken at Mason, but I REALLY liked him. It wasn't so hard that it was stressful, but you had to really study to do well on the tests. He's entertaining and lectures are interesting and informative. I would certainly take him again! He worked really hard to make sure EVERYONE got at least a passing grade.
4.5 : Loved Prof. H and his lectures; makes lecture fun/interesting, but there is TONS of reading. No textbook, but reading the online articles is essential to passing the class- can be 100+ pages/week. 3 tests (promarily from the readings) &amp; 1 paper; wants to see you pass the class. Wouldn't take him again, but would recommend if GOVT is your interest.
5.0 : Prof. H is the best professor that I have had in the Government program at GMU. His lectures are engaging and interesting, and he relates decade-old theory to modern issues. The crisis simulation was spectacular and a great way to learn the material. Prof. H offers many extra credit opportunities and truly wants his students to succeed!
5.0 : Honestly best Professor i've ever had. He keeps you engaged and really does want you to pass.   That said this is one of the toughest courses i've taken. Despite there being no attendance policy, to pass you NEED to show up, and you NEED to do the (extensive) readings. Otherwise don't bother taking this.
5.0 : Professor H is by far one of my favorite professors. He's an amazing lecturer and really knows his stuff. He truly loves his job and will do what he can to help his students. It's a tough class but you learn a lot. The best part of the class is a two week long crisis simulation which will consume your life if you're a top role but it's a blast!
5.0 : PROFESSOR HUNZEKER AHHH HE IS AMAZING. I agree that he is one of the hardest professors I ever had. With that being said, if you show him that you care about the class and putting effort into it then he will help you pass! He has inspired me in so many ways. I was wide awake in his class because he made it so interesting!
5.0 : Extremely knowledgeable and motivated classroom instructor.  Easy to talk with and cares a lot about students understanding the material.  Tries different ways to deliver the information.  Will work with assignments to make sure they fit with the overall direction of your broader studies.
5.0 : He's an amazing professor, knows what he's talking about, and is well-respected outside of the university as well. You have to do the readings, you have to attend the lectures. It's a lot of work, no easy As, however he offers lots of extra credit and likes to give curves on the midterms. The class is a lot of fun. Never bored.
5.0 : He is absolutely fantastic. I have no complaints. He takes a subject matter (IR Theory) that could be quite dry and uninteresting, and organizes it so that it follows a logical path. He is a fair grader, quite humorous, and always stays on topic. No time is wasted. Definitely recommend him.
5.0 : WOW. Jim is a FANTASTIC professor. He's also a hunk of sexy, so that helps. Despite there being multiple morons in the class, Jim handled them with ease and dignity. Jim is my favorite professor.  I would take his class again in a flash. GO JIM!! YOU ROCK!
2.0 : Class was so terribly long. Speaks in monotone so it just puts you to sleep and makes you dread going to class. Reads off the powerpoints and there's not a lot of interaction during class. Take another professor if you're actually interested in the subject
5.0 : Jim was great!! The class was interesting and not difficult!
4.0 : He is pretty easy, he goes by the syllabus and lectures are from the powerpoint but he adds personally stuff and videos to it and engages the class. He gives you a study guide for easy exam and its 3 exams and a final. You have to write three 1 page papers about 3 topics you enjoyed and did your own research on. Easy class but also interesting!
4.0 : Grades based on 3 exams &amp; a final, and 3 short 2 pg papers. Exams were based on the powerpoint lectures &amp; videos in class. Provides study guides for exams. The class can drag a little because he reads off of PP, but the material is interesting. He's young so maybe he's still adjusting to a teaching style, but not a bad class.
5.0 : 3 short papers and 4 easy exams but he drops one. Super cute and interesting to listen to. Overall very easy class, definitely take it with him.
5.0 : Prof Doorley is awesome! Very friendly and knowledgeable about the subject. Encourages class participation and really values the class' opinions. Gives study guides (the answers are on the ppts). Drops the lowest exam. Didn't use the book. I found his classes to be entertaining as well as informative. Easily accessible in person and email.
5.0 : He's really hot and really sweet. I didn't think his lectures were boring at all. If you have an interest in the subject, and if you find him attractive, you'll do just swell. Tests are very straightforward.
3.0 : Avoid like the plague. While he is super nice and tries to be helpful his class killed my gpa with the tests from hell and allowing students to side track the class with there personal stories. There were countless times where questions would be asked and he wouldn't know the answer and direct it to a STUDENT TO ANSWER! go with another professor.
5.0 : 1 paper, 2, exams and discussion boards. The material was interesting and I learned a lot of new stuff. I took this class online which was not bad the only thing I didn't care for was the discussion boards which were due every week.
3.0 : The class is boring. He's pretty monotone so you can get distracted easily. Class is not mandatory as everything is in the powerpoint but the tests are annoying. Instead of direct questions, it could be a story and you have to determine which topic it's discussing. The class  can get sidetrack by students stories and we are off track.
5.0 : She is a really good teacher and clearly wants you to learn as much as you can about your discipline.  It's an English class, so obviously there will be a lot of long papers, but as long as you follow the rubric and try your best then you will be fine.
5.0 : He is a really approachable and nice guy.  Make sure you read the readings since the lectures and exams are based off them.  Other than that, the lectures are really interesting and his previous work experience in the field makes it even more meaningful.  My favorite class so far at Mason!
5.0 : Pro. Jurkovic is a really good teacher, he offers a lot of help with any and all assignments and he is a VERY generous grader. TBH I never read any of the readings and haven't scored lower than an A in everything he has assigned. There is a lot of work for the online class but its very easy and takes at most an hour a week.
5.0 : Best Professor i have ever had in my life. I took this class bc i was considering it as a major so glad i did. Super thoughtful and the papers are easy and set up to be a cumulative paper with the chance to go back and edit the previous one . Amazing lectures and he has real life experience thats relative to the course. Super funny and chill 10/10
4.0 : Super nice guy. Willing to help. Easy class. There is an insane amount of reading he requires, but, just read enough to get by on quizzes and tests. In the papers, just add some of the concepts, to show you have read, and you will get an A. Take online - just make as many comments as you can to get extra points.
5.0 : Professor Jurkovic is accommodating, cares about his students' success, listens to his students, and made a two-and-a-half hour-long class enjoyable. His lectures are informative, and the in-class activities are fun. Assigned readings and homework  add to the course (objectively graded), and made the midterm/final easy. Great course and professor!
4.5 : Sra. Velasco was great!  Very nice person and teacher. Good sense of humor.  Expectations and assignments were clear, lots of tiny online homework activities, though.  She takes time to make sure that everyone understands stuff.  Definitely will take her again.
5.0 : Prof. Velasco helped me so much to improve my Spanish.  I appreciate her patience and feedback.  Highly recommend her if you want to learn the language.
5.0 : Really liked her! So fair and honest. Take SPANISH with her!
5.0 : Prof. Velasco was super helpful and caring. I highly recommend her!!! Not an easy class, but she makes it fun!
5.0 : AWESOME PROFESSOR!!! truly cares for students. makes class stress free. plus you learn.
4.0 : Cool teacher.  Really wants you to learn, she will always answer questions, so it is a good idea to ask.  Fair and flexible grader, has a good sense of humor. Writes alot of important stuff in the board. I learned a lot this semester. You have to come to class.
3.5 : She is really nice, very helpful if you ask. She takes attendance so be sure to go to class, those points saved my grade. She tells you what's on the test so it is pretty fair. Just do the work and you'll get an A.
4.0 : I like her.  She is fair, helpful, fun, and goes straight to the point. The online homework is a lot of work, though. Come to class, you will get an A.
4.5 : Helpful teacher, funny, but come to class or you will miss important info! Homework is done online, if it piles up, it is a lot of stuff! Fair grader. She truly wants you to learn, gives you TONS of feedback. Study guide for test is just topics in general, you will end up studying most in the chapters.
4.0 : Incredibly helpful and flexible if you show interest in the class. Sends reminders, make sure you read them (that really saved me!). Posts study guides and lets you use index cards for verb conjugation, not for final exam, though. Attend class, do your homework. Not an easy class, fast, a lot to cover, but she is good and to the point.
5.0 : She cares for students. Down to earth professor. Tough with attendance grade. Not an easy class for me, but I did not do my part until the end of semester
4.5 : Good teacher, fair grader, and to the point, keeps the class interested, and pushes you to improve.  Very helpful and fun. Good communication. I really enjoyed this class!
5.0 : really liked this teacher.  Helpful and cares.
4.0 : Very nice woman and teacher. Class is very easy if you do the work. Homework is online but is very easy. She is a very fair grader and tries to make the class fun. Attend class and participate!!
5.0 : She is a very sweet professor and she offers tons of extra credit.I guarantee you an A on the all the test if you just read her PowerPoints, and then read the checklist for managers and the end of each chapter. I learned a lot, and I would got an A, but I just did't put that much effort
5.0 : Participation really matters and you have to have read the chapter ahead of class.  She helps us understand the material in a down to earth way.
5.0 : I took this professor last year and she is absolutely amazing. By far the best professor I have had at GMU; she brings snacks every class to keep everyone awake and to make sure we aren't hungry in class. All quizzes and exams come straight off her ppts. If you show up and take notes you will definitely get an A.
4.0 : You have to read the chapters ahead of class. There are quizzes and papers.
5.0 : She'll be the caring, hilarious, cool mom you wish you had. Gives snacks and coffee because she wants you energized in class. Quizzes and exams are straight off the readings and powerpoint. Fun class discussions.
5.0 : Prof Carl was one of the best professors I have had at Mason.  She really cares about us learning.  She is funny and makes the class material more interesting.  I learned a lot about the laws that affect me in my job now so that was really helpful.  You have to read and participate - she will call on you so you need to be prepared.
5.0 : Best Professor I have had, hands down. She is one of the those teachers that cares about learning the material and coming to class rather than being tested on it. A paper, a group project and two exams are the only grades. The class is extremely easy if you do the work and show up to class. "A B in this class is easy but an A is hard".
5.0 : Professor Carl is the most caring and HILARIOUS professor I have ever had! She genuinely wants her students to learn the material so she will make you read the textbook, but the content isn't that dense to understand. As long as you dedicate 1/2-1 hr to read each week you should be solid! Quizzes and exams straight from powerpoint.
5.0 : She is amazing. You have a few quizzes and small assignments, one group project, one paper, midterm &amp; final. She highly encourages participation. Truely cares about you and your future. Always willing to help and gives great feedback. I would definitely take her again if I had to.
5.0 : Overall just had a great experience in her class. She is very nice and is always available to answer your questions. My only advice is to respond to all emails that she sends even if all you say is I got it.
5.0 : She is such a sweet lady. I learned a lot in this class. She cares more about you actually learning the material because its important. She would buy us little snacks to keep us up. Just a really enjoyable class especially because she is funny. She also has experience so that's a plus.
5.0 : Professor Carl was the best professor I've ever had at Mason. She truly cares about helping students learn the material, and she teaches in a fun, interactive way. Even though the class wasn't too difficult, I still learned a lot and felt that the class was worthwhile. I highly recommend taking any class you can with her.
5.0 : She is amazing. Best professor I have ever had. Wonderful woman. She has 4-5 quizzes and midterm, and final. But very easy as long as you STUDY her SLIDES!! She is the sweetest, brings something to eat every class. Very funny and makes a 7:20-9:30 class very fun so you won't regret it. Gives extra credits and curves if need be at the end of term.
5.0 : he is really sweet.. but don't underestimate this class... you MUST read a book ahead of class...
4.5 : Fantastic, even though this is a 1 credit course I learned everything I needed to know about cable/tv broadcasting and everything was applicable to real life jobs. He's straightforward, honest, and willing to answer questions. I wouldn't recommend skipping since he does verbal knowledge test. Only easy because he's super clear about content.
5.0 : Awesome professor
3.0 : This professor needs to chill. He assigns drafts to be due the NEXT class! Final essays are due the next week, which is fine BUT he assigns A LOT of hw in between, not giving enough time to revise your essay. Most lectures are pointless &amp; don't buy the textbooks, you can pass w/o them. He grades late but its his fault for rushing everything.
5.0 : I believe he's fairly new to teaching/recently started. He's really amazing&amp;quirky at times. I love how he engages the whole class&amp;everyone freely joins class discussions. During the whole semester I was writing for research I chose &amp; thoroughly enjoyed! He's an easy grader &amp; inspirational towards each student's topic. I would deff. take again :)
4.5 : Helpful ,  sweet and looks after his students. helped for hours for my project. great at his job
4.0 : Professor X is SO SWEET!  The class topic itself isn't great but she teaches the material well.  Her slides are easy to follow (along with the textbook).  Exams are slightly hard but gives class assignments/homework, so that's an easy grade.  Offers extra credit for additional SONA participation.  Great professor!
4.5 : Approachable, patient, and willing to help. Her exams are very fair, but she always curves them anyway so you end up with an even higher grade. She also decides to give extra points for participation sometimes, so you should have no problem getting the points you need for an A.  Great professor
5.0 : Three exams and the final which is cumulative. There is five discussion posts and a course project. The exams are not timed so you can take your sweet time looking through your notes for the answers.
4.0 : She is SO sweet and very helpful. She  gives examples and will never make you feel bad for asking questions. Was it an easy A ? no, But it wasn't extremely painful either. I got an A- in Stats!
5.0 : Kristen is new to this, and is still settling in.  Given this, she is terrific.  This is a writing intensive class, and you will need to work for your grade, but definitely worth it to take Kristen.  Very responsive and helpful, but she does grade hard but very fair - this is a fundamentals class, so this should be expected!
4.0 : I honestly think Kristen is one of the most adorable people I've met. If you're not easily bored there are small things to appreciate in her teaching. Writing Psyc papers sucks and was a bit hard despite being highly intelligent and skilled at writing.  It's required and compared to some of the other sections apparently this was a breeze.
5.0 : Her grading is tougher than it should be for a lab where we're supposed to learn and practice, but she's very clear and always willing to help.
4.0 : She's really sweet and understand. You can't turn in anything late but it is all due on blackboard so you don't have to go to class to turn things in. Also, she has some in class assignments that you need for participation grades but it is the same for comm 101.
5.0 : Extremely easy class, however her lectures are boring. A lot of work involved, but it's very easy to complete and she is an easy grader. Very sweet professor!
4.0 : Professor Wrightsman was great! She said on the first day she wanted the class to feel like a family and it really did. I got to know everyone in my 20+ person class fairly well. My communication skills grew greatly in the meantime. I actually learned a lot from this basic class even though it was an easy A.
4.0 : He's a nice guy and he does care about his students. He is a tough grader, but thats the standard for the chem department. Just make sure you look over the rubrics he gives you and always ask for clarification if you're not sure because he will mark off if its not 100%. Majority of labs were easy with an exception of the Titration lab
5.0 : He's a good teacher. He tries to make the materials as approachable as possible. Yes, he is a tough grade because that's what you expect it to be for all lab courses. If you go ask for help, he will explain in very detail. Really good at helping, especially on one on one. He also walks around the classroom to see if everyone is going well.
5.0 : Pretty easy class. I literally cranked out each assignment in 4 to 6 hours (including researching, planning, writing, etc). The only thing is that you need to make sure you submit everything on time! I got A's on all of the essays themselves but ended up getting a low grade since I turned them in late. Super easy, laidback class. A lot of hw though
5.0 : While I absolutely loved Goldenthal for intro to creative writing, just a heads-up that if you're taking that class and you're not a "writer", she may be a little tough to keep up with. Just do the readings and try your best; she grades on participation, not how "good" your writing is. A wonderful professor, though!
4.0 : As boring as gen ed is, at least Prof. Goldenthal made class really engaging and interesting. Attendance is graded,there's weekly homework and reading as well group work (not too painful if you're w/ people who participate). She grades on effort &amp; gives good feedback. Just turn in things on time; I missed out on an A for lateness.
4.0 : Each class is graded on a 3pt system so make sure to arrive to class on time bc attendance counts toward participation grade&amp;turn in all assignments on time. Offers 3 crisis passes which can be used on any assignment,2 free absences&amp; revisions for the major projects(final 2 proj. are easyA) Overall she has a positive attitude&amp;is very helpful
3.0 : New professor, took her FALL 2015. She assigned long papers back to back to back. She has a good attitude and you can tell she tries but I didn't really enjoy her class. Attendance not mandatory BUT she does take off points if you're tardy or skip which is annoying. She isn't a super hard grader. If you put the effort in then you'll do fine.
4.5 : Professor Goldenthal has a good attitude and is pretty positive. She assigns a lot of reading homework, some being long and boring. She does grade on participation (not necessarily by speaking in class) so you should try not to skip class. She assigns paper after paper but they aren't too bad. Your grade will reflect on how much you try in class.
4.0 : Professor Goldenthal is a great choice for those of you that need ENGH 302. There are a lot of papers throughout the semester, but there are peer reviews and she is willing to help you out. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Quiz every other week on chapters from the book. 1 Group project and presentation and 1 student is selected each week to do a Taylor Think Tank where a student selects 1 topic assigned by her and is presented to the class. Overall class is ok, not hard, just show up and participation is encouraged strongly by her. Overall class is ok.
5.0 : Professor Taylor is amazing in all sorts of way; she is extremely caring and she is very lenient. Coursework includes a two chapter quiz every other week, a group project, a paper, and an individual presentation. Show up on the first day of class because that is when she assigns groups. Attendance is worth 5 points EVERY class. Take her!
5.0 : Professor Carolyn is amazing!! She is very understanding when it comes to not being able to attend class. She is beyond nice with her students and loves it when the class is engaging. She gives an online quiz every other week, very simple. Only one paper, one group presentation and one TTT (which is an individual presentation). takes attendance!
5.0 : Professor Taylor is a sweetheart! She is genuine and cares about your success in HAP. Her course consists of 1 individual presentation, 1 group presentation, 1 1000-1500 word paper regarding a current health issue (your choice) and bi-weekly quizzes consisting of 2 chapters material. Attendance is mandatory. You work for your grade. Take her!
4.0 : She's ok, definitely willing to help. Unlike many of her colleagues, she tells you exactly what her expectations are for the class. Her lectures could use some spicing up, but then again it's a boring class and a boring topic (stats). She used a textbook that was riddled with errors, but she says she will replace it.
5.0 : Second class I've taken with her.
3.0 : Graded unfairly. Worked hard to get A's on all my assignments but still got an A- because she gave me an 80 for participation, even thought I spoke up at least once each class session except for one. Everything else was graded fairly and normally, but found it very disappointing my hard earned A turned into an A- due to something so arbitrary.
5.0 : There was too much work in the course. I would take her again thogh.
3.5 : This class required "PtPs" which is homework you have to do before each class. It is easy but annoying, not the teacher's assignments just the course they have to follow. She is a nice teacher and is not trying to fail any one. No tests besides the final which is tough, but she does not make the final. Easy grader on speaking projects.
5.0 : Professor Jackson is awesome! Absolutely take her for your COMM gen ed.  She's very nice, funny, laid back.  You have to do a couple speeches and a final exam, but she will grade you nicely and try to really teach you to speak better.  I highly recommend if you want a low-pressure class and an A.
5.0 : Shes one of the best professors I've had this semester! Take her for comm 101, shes super chill and makes the class feel very at ease and laid back, which helped me exponentially when it came to making speeches or talking in groups. Shes funny and very stress free. Will miss her.
5.0 : Good personality &amp; sense of humor. Relates extremely well to students. Will go above &amp; beyond to help &amp; accommodate students. Lectures were fun &amp; engaging.  Wouldn't have done as well with any other professor. Homework for most classes, no quizzes, only test is the final. Expectations &amp; deadlines are crystal clear. Overall amazing class &amp; professor
4.5 : He's a nice guy, he will always help you.  Take him for lab and Kammy Sanghera for lecture.  The class material is easy if you show up and can follow basic directions.  Can't stress how kind he is.
4.5 : She really cares about her students and makes her lectures interesting. I had her for 4 hours at night and  she made it bare able. The tests are online, and there wasn't homework but there was a participation grade. You can miss class without it ruining your life, but it's easier to go. Plus she is really enjoyable. Only downfall is hard tests.
4.5 : This professor makes Social Psychology the EASIEST course EVER. The tests are online (both if you took the class in person or online) and are basically open book. That, alongside the extra credit, makes this class a spectacularly easy A.
5.0 : Take her class! She is awesome. As long as you turn in all the work on time, Easy A!
5.0 : A very great class. Very easy and gives basic insight of the world of psychology. Tests on are blackboard and are open notes. Do discussion posts, multiple choice questions and SONA (or alternative assignments) as they are easy and are methods of getting extra credit. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Very easy and pretty knowledgeable about psychology. Tests on are blackboard and are open notes. Discussion posts weekly, multiple choice questions on exams, and SONA (or alternative assignments). Highly recommended.
1.0 : I have never had a class with anyone at GMU that had exams with tons of grammar errors. She doesn't return grades or emails on time. Her lectures are very confusing. This might be my first C thanks to her. Don't take her.....
5.0 : Love, love, loved her class! Her powerpoints were clear, tests were relatively easy, and you learn a lot of cool stuff. I really enjoyed this class. My favorite of the semester.
5.0 : Though the tests are tough, she does compensate for it with curves &amp; extra credit opportunities. She makes it clear that she wants students who try hard to do well. For online the discussions were done on online forums. She posts her lectures as videos along with the powerpoint. Super helpful! Anytime I talked to her, she was really kind :)
5.0 : This isn't a class where you can just google the test questions.   If you are actually interested in the material and want to learn something this a great class.  Professor Tulk takes a tremendous amount of time to make her class and ppts intellectually stimulating.  Tests are tough but she posts thorough study guides and offers extra credit!
4.0 : Prof. Tulk really makes this class easy to pass. Not only are there review guides, but the tests are open-book, open-note. Now, you don't have the time to haphazardly flip through the book to get your grade, but if you pay attention for the lecture and take good notes on the chapters...A+ for you. Easiest and most lax online course I've ever taken.
3.5 : Her class was interesting and fun but exams are tough! Offers extra credit and is super nice and understanding :)
5.0 : she is an EXCELLENT professor these negative people (students) want to make her look bad.  I honestly dont know what to say, I remember we had a chance to talk about this class and the professor everything was amazing everyone used to walk out happy. 99% of the students in class we saying she is excellent, in teaching, Reviewing for exams.
4.5 : I took AP Psych in high school and got to place out of the intro psych courses, and that's how I ended up in 213 as a freshman. That being said the subject matter was easy if you read the book. The professor was very kind and cared a lot about her students. She gave SO MUCH extra credit, you really had to try hard to get a bad grade.
4.0 : I've taken several online classes and I could tell she truly cares about her students. I didn't like how heavily weighted and challenging her exams were but she gave us a curve and provided extra credit to ensure we succeed. Based on the feedback, I'm sure she'll make adjustments and I would take her again!
5.0 : Professor Tulk really helped her students to get a good grade. I  didn't give her a good review for the college rating but I regret that now. Because she really helped me at the end. Gives lots of extra credits and study guides are helpful as well. Take her class. She is awesome.
5.0 : I like art. She is very nice and helpful and answers your questions and really cares about you. The only thing is that I spent so much money on materials and there is four homework every week whic takes at least ten hours or more to do. I am good at art, if you are not good at it, don't take it. Homeworks should be less.
5.0 : I enjoyed her class very much. She is very nice and responds to emails in a timely manner. Very respectful teacher. I enjoyed this class very much. I will take any class with her. I highly reccommend her.
4.0 : HAP202 is a simple course made simple by Prof. Narayan. Lots of little quizzes but everything is right from the book. Each week you learn about a different area or system of the body. Read the chapter, take the quiz, repeat. You'd have to be incredibly lazy not to get an A in this class.
4.5 : Professor Kord is great and attempts to help us in as many ways possible. The class itself however is terrible, the requirements and organization are unclear and the material is barely taught, if it weren't for Kord it would have been much worse
4.5 : provides incredible help and feedback. the lectures are to the point and the lab exercises is a great way to familarize yourself with the material. The HW, quizzes, and tests are not to be taken lightly.  However having him as professor has been of great help to an extent that is possible.
3.0 : Dr. Schiller  seems like a kind and helpful person who wants you to pass her class.  However, the majority of your grade is based on "quizzes" (20% each and there's 4 of them) that have very specific questions.  They are taken from lectures, textbook readings, and the other 2 required texts.  Lectures can b interesting, but they are hard to follow.
3.0 : she's an average professor, very smart and knowledgable. personally i could not pay attention during her lecture because it tended to be all over the place and she had absolutely no structure at all. although her assignments were straight forward the class it's self was all over the place.
4.0 : I really can't stand the way she structured her class. She has these daily objectives but it was hard to take notes based of those objectives. She has easy homework, in-class work, and extra credit. I would take her because it is an easy class to pass. The way to pass is to read and come to her class.
5.0 : Dr. Schiller is such a incredible person, she's been to god's forsaken places. Truly inspiring and if you're an Anthro major she's the one to talk to. The class was hard for a 100 level, she asked us to get too many books. Doesn't utilize blackboard, responds to all emails. Very caring, always willing to help! Gives lots of extra credit.
5.0 : She is a very caring professor, loves her field so much. However, she requires a lot of books for a 100level class. I never had to order to many books not even for my major. She makes the class go by a little quicker when she makes boring topics approachable and interesting. Besides that, homework is straightforward and extra credit is doable.
1.0 : Attendance isn't mandatory but it's like every class she's handing out in class participation work for a grade. She has this habit of talking about herself a lot and not the course material. She also has this surface level "respect" for other groups (ex. calling Inuit people "Eskimos" even after telling us it's a slur?). Would not recommend.
5.0 : Overall the class is super easy if you put effort and go to class like you are supposed to. I disagree with many of the bad comments below, if you are lazy you won't do good in the class, period. It is not hard, she gives study guides, gives easy small homework assignments, is willing to sit down and review, and hands out loads of extra credit.
5.0 : Prof. Schiller was an amazing professor. She made class interesting and gave unique insights about her time around the world. She is always willing to help you as long as you approach her, a genuinely kind person. I highly recommend taking her if you have the chance.
1.0 : Prof. requires the purchase of 2 text books and only gives extra credit on a book she wrote that you have to buy. She states that participation is not mandatory but if you miss you won't receive any of the homework's that are worth a quiz point each, and she doesn't use BB. Very unorganized lectures focused mainly on herself instead of course work.
5.0 : A caring and outgoing professor, her lectures were fun, incorporated some of her experiences, and also went over the course material. Tests were fairly straightforward, she gave a bunch of extra credit, and her participation exercises were easy grade boosters; no essays! Does require 3 textbooks, so a bit pricey. Loved the class overall though!
4.0 : She's extremely caring. Yet the way the class is set up is as if it were an upper level course. She does not use BB at all. There are 3 exams + 100 question final. Minimal homework, one quick assignment every week. She says she hands out study guides but the guides really don't help. If you're not in class and doing the readings you will not pass!!
5.0 : This class was very easy and enjoyable. She is really passionate about her profession. She gives easy homework like crossword puzzles for vocab. Extra credit is so easy to get. You must listen to what she says in class because she will say this next thing I say will be on the test. She cares a lot about her students and wants you to pass the class.
4.0 : Quizzes are easy if you read the material. She has amazing stories and makes interesting enough. I'm not huge on anthropology, but she made the class enjoyable.
5.0 : I enjoyed this class the most. She is a caring and an enjoyable professor who engages the entire class. Assignments are extremely easy and tests focus heavily on textbook readings and a little from lectures. Skipping class sometimes isn't an issue but she has some classwork points only available if you are present.A very fun and interesting class!
3.0 : Professor Schillers class is a lecture with 150 students. She speaks clearly, but never uses a PowerPoint and often gets off track. Three tests a semester and randomly assigned worksheets in class to prove attendance. Be prepared to read, she never directly says to, but the quizzes ask about the textbook. Also take advantage of extra credit papers
5.0 : Read the books, pay attention, and hang on to every single word. Professor Anne is caring, accessible, and experienced in her field. Amazing professor, amazing class!
4.0 : Do the work and you're golden! Nice and helpful professor. Has powerpoint lectures. No textbook or exams, but attendance is graded. Few writing assignments in class. Does have a group presentation and paper. All in all, one of the more applicable and enjoyable classes.
5.0 : Great teacher and is really helpful. Any questions you may have about a professional career, he will answer/find the answer for you. He is very enthusiastic about the class. Be prepared to participate during lectures!
4.5 : Harris is a great professor! There is a lot of group work, but welcome to the business major. He's a super easy grader and does a lot to make class interesting. Would definitely take him again. No final and no textbook, very little homework outside of the group projects.
4.5 : No Midterm or Final. 2 group projects. Lots of small assignments, do them and easily get an A!
3.0 : Nice professor, recommend him for taking BUS103
5.0 : His class is informative and extremely easy, but his lectures are long and he wants to engage you in them. If you have to take BUS 103 take professor Harris and you will not only learn, but get an outstanding grade. The only downfall of his course was that he is a bit unclear at times and he takes a while to grade projects.
4.0 : Easy A. Just show up to class and do the work assigned. SUPER EASY TAKE HIM!!!
3.0 : This class is just COMM but for business students. very pointless. The professor is a nice guy, Take it if you want a chill, Easy A time. But he is really unorganized and doesnt give you your grades back ever. Its the end of the year and I still havent seen grades for my assignments 4 months ago. He also never remembers when an assignment is due.
5.0 : No textbook! Barely any homework and no tests. There are group projects but they're really easy.
4.0 : Would definitely take him again no textbook, few homework, nice guy ready to help you, some group work but easy. Show up and you will be fine, easy A
4.0 : Great Professor overall. Don't use the syllabus as a guide, make sure you ask him when things are due, because it changes a lot. The lectures are very interesting and not boring at all. No midterm or final, just group projects and easy presentations. He is very understanding, but make sure you do your work and submit everything on time. Easy A
4.0 : Nice guy, makes the class interesting. Group activities, presentations, group projects, no tests. Definition of easy A.
5.0 : A few presentations and assignments.  None that are to difficult. Prof. Harris is extremely nice and helpful throughout the course. As others have said his class is an easy A, as long as you actually do the work.
5.0 : a few individual proejcts and 1 group final project. Easy. A couple papers and some reading that is not mandatory. Tries to make class interesting. Nice teacher. No need for texrbook. No tests really. Good professor. Would take again.
5.0 : Great professor. She is a very fair grader when it comes to speeches.. Make sure to email her if you are out for any reason, she will give you make up days for the work, within reason. Please do not abuse her generosity and ruin it for future students. Also, come to class. She has random in-class speaking activities which you can't make up for.
4.5 : She is a great professor. Everything she explains is clear cut and easy to understand. If you have questions, she's great at explaining the concepts and if you study the material from the slides, that's directly translated to the test.
5.0 : Dr. Keohane is one of the most organized COMM professors at GMU. She lays everything out and never has a problem when you ask her questions. She will make time to help you on anything that you need. She is very clear with all her lectures and covers everything you need to know for the exam. I will definitely take her again.
5.0 : Her lectures are fun and interesting. A lot of video examples which make the subjects less boring. Exams are true to study guides. I learned a lot from this class
4.0 : Dr. Keohane is a great professor. She's organized, will take the time to answer questions, and is a fast grader. Everything you need to know are in the class lectures and textbooks, so go to class and participate! She also gives study guides for exams. However, she is a tough grader. She respects all students, which is very hard to find these days.
4.5 : Dr. Keohane was great! She made her lectures interesting and relevant. She included lots of examples that helps her students understand the subject material. Her tests were true to the study guides. There were 2 group projects, but they are in-class and manageable. The only tough part about this class was the final paper, but she provides help.
5.0 : Dr. Keohane is the best professor I have ever had at GMU. She is fair and smart. She has helped me learn the material in a fun and comfortable environment. She is very respectful of all students and their opinion. There were lots of papers in this class, but she was a fair grader and gave helpful feedback. Overall, AWESOME class!
5.0 : keohane is young, but she is one of the most intelligent people I've ever met. super organized, gives awesome examples (usually in the form of popular tv shows or movies). fast grader. respectful and fair. tests are easy as long as you study the slides and read. lets you appeal grades if you disagree. one of my fave profs at mason
5.0 : Wonderful professor. A little tough when it comes to grading in her exams. I took her online class this summer and we had three tests (she gives you four questions a week in advanced and picks two to test you on online) and one final paper on a free speech issue of your choice. She is fun and very enthusiastic during her lectures!
5.0 : Great professor! The course is strict to syllabus and lectures really help you learn the material. Mostly graded by tests, but there's a study guide for each test. Pay attention in class, don't skip DB's, and you should do just fine.
4.0 : Very friendly professor. Gives good feedback, very approachable. Class isn't too hard overall, you just have to make sure not to procrastinate on speeches. The one thing to look out for is she is extremely strict with late work and will accept nothing after class begins. Other than that the class was pretty enjoyable.
5.0 : I LOVED taking Dr. Keohane's organizational comm class. Her lectures are engaging and the discussion reenforces what she lectures on. The tests are relatively easy as long as you study for them.
5.0 : I've been in her Korean class for about two years now, and I absolutely love her! She gives handouts at the beginning of each class, and as long as you understand the handouts, the quizzes (which she usually gives once a week) are a piece of cake. Her exams follow her handouts exactly, and her lectures help quite a lot. Definitely recommend!
4.5 : She is a wonderful professor who not only cares about your grades, but about you personally. She's constantly cracking jokes and makes lectures fun and interesting with games and activities. Participation is important because this is a language class but that's expected. The only issue with this class is that there is A LOT of workbook homework.
4.0 : Although I didn't like how hard her quizzes were because they were more fill in the blank which forces you to be better at conjugation, she's really caring. And understanding. I wasn't very good at Korean, so I might take a different professor if  I have a choice just because I didn't understand her teaching style that well.
5.0 : She's everything a professor should be! knowledgable, approachable, funny. She makes class engaging and has a very positive energy. Definitely recommend her
5.0 : She's very personable and down to earth. Although the materials are hard, she gives very clear and easy to understand explanations. She's one of my favorite teachers at Mason
4.0 : If you know little Korean she will help you bring you up past 210 level, if you are beginner than you will learn 110 well. Practice Practice Practice speaking. 110 level language courses always require you to speak more than usual language level courses unless you reach 300's
4.0 : She doesn't really teach a topic for more than a day so the pace is really fast. However, there is lots of practice in class, culture education, and more in terms of fun activities. She works hard to make sure students enjoy the class and you will, but you need to study outside of class to understand what's going on.
5.0 : Professor Moon is amazing! She is so kind and teaches very well. She is also very transparent when it comes to exams and quizzes. If you put in the effort, you will succeed in her class.
4.5 : Took her Meditation, Mindfulness, &amp; Stress Management course and she is awesome! Taught under New Century College, meaning it's based on small group discussions in class, so do not expect a lecture class. She knows how to make the material interesting. Very straight forward with grades and work. A lot of work, but not difficult. Effort needed.
5.0 : I loved Professor Ready! She's very caring, nice, and wants you to do well. Probably one of the easier English 302 professors as well. There were three major papers that were not that difficult, and she goes over practical things that will help you with your writing. Super accessible during office hours for additional feedback. TAKE HER!
4.5 : The professor was very willing to help out the students with assignments and further clarifications on those assignments.
1.0 : she is nice person but I wouldn't recommend her with others. she is very hard grader. the text book is useless but you have to get it cause she might do pop quiz with it. she is very bad with explaining what she want for the assignments. the lecture is boring.
3.0 : She is a nice,caring professor and is willing is help you. Unfortunately, she is a very tough grader. She lets you redo a paper but you have to decide which one by the time the second one is due.  You either redo the first paper before you know the second paper's grade or wait until the second paper's grade and be stuck with only fixing the second.
5.0 : She is a very helpful professor, and is always available online and in her office hours. She really cares about her students and is one of the nicest professors I've come across. She is very understanding and goes out of her way to accommodate and help her students, just don't take advantage of it.
4.0 : this English class is weird. she is a really easy grader and always there to help you on papers. the class was boring in general but that wasn't her fault, she made it okay
5.0 : SHE IS THE BEST! TAKE HER YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!    She is very good at explaining exactly what she wants in the papers. She is easily approachable and VERY caring! You will mostly focus on the three major papers throughout the semester and plenty of time to work on them. She is respected and wants you to succeed in her class with an A.
4.0 : This class was basically 3 papers and a lot of fluff in class. I did like the fact that the in class work was super easy and the papers weren't too hard. I just wish we worked more on the papers in class. However, out of all the teachers, she was really flexible about what the papers could be about and gave really clear guidelines.
4.0 : Prof. Ready is a very kind, caring professor. 3 papers, 3 easy presentations and some quizzes make up the class. She allows one re-write on a paper. She's very willing to help if you need it. I'd definitely recommend taking her for ENGH 302.
5.0 : Professor Ready is such a great professor. She gives good feedback on papers. Her lectures are never boring because she has such a fun personality. She's really nice, very easy to talk to, gives helpful advice and will work with you if you aren't sure of what you're doing, and (this is really important) she actually responds to emails.
5.0 : Professor Ready made ENGH 302 really easy and fun to do. I was pretty intimidated about taking a 300 level english class but she made it super easy to navigate and gave homework that would later on be useful to writing the essays. Only 3 major essays, easy online quizzes abt a reading or a video assigned and usually a 200 word response. Take her!
5.0 : Awesome professor. Personable, caring and considerate of individual differences in the classroom.
4.5 : This is one of the most helpfull English professors I have token at Mason. She will work with you on late assignments and will tell you exactly what you need to do in order to pass.  If you hate English take her! If you love English take her!
5.0 : She gives out 3 major papers and smaller assignments which are helpful in creating your major papers. She is always willing to help you understand something. She is so nice and tries her best to make the class engaged in a good way. She also gives good feedback on your papers to let you know how you can improve. She allows you to redo your papers.
5.0 : If I could, I would have selected gives good feedback, amazing lectures, and accessible outside of class. She is my absolute favorite professor. Her goal is to pass you with flying colors and she cares about your success. She's very understanding about a lot of things students do because she is one herself. Show up to class and you'll be fine.
5.0 : She is the best! Three papers and weekly assignments that help you improve your writing. My skills have developed drastically thanks to her feedback! Would definitely take her again!
5.0 : Professor Ready is a very caring Professor. She is genuinely happy when she students attend her class, and gives a grade based off attendance. Prof. Ready is not nit-picky when it comes to grading, yet she gives good feedback. She wants you to succeed. One key feature is that she UNDERSTANDS YOU. I Highly Recommend Professor Ready
5.0 : Amazing professor. Accessible outside of class. Cares about his students.
5.0 : Professor Brown is very helpful when giving feedback on papers. He cares about the success of the students, and is willing to assist them to pass the class. He is also a great resource when it comes to advising for classes, and professional development.
5.0 : Great professor, really cares about the success of his students. Class registration filled up in less than 5 mins; so wake up early if you want to get his class! 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : Perhaps one of the greatest people you will ever meet.  He is very caring, funny, and outright awesome!
5.0 : Amazing professor! His lectures are interesting. He's smart and listens to his students. He cares about them and talks to them outside of class if they need help. Easily accessible. All the assignments help you learn the material. Uses technology in a fun way. Easy quizzes. I loved this class, and I would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : He's a genuinely nice guy who cares about the class and wants you to learn. He makes it really interesting (except for the neuroscience part, but that's only a little portion of the class). Assignments aren't bad, but you should at least pay attention in class because he gives a couple pop quizzes (only on info covered in previous classes though
5.0 : She is a very cool and nice lady. Basically this is a lab class, so you get to work together with other students on lab assignments. There will be a mid-term and a final exam. It's similar to the lab assignments you do every week. She just mixed all the rocks together, and you need to know the rock's name, blah blah blah.
5.0 : Just take her! She's amazing!! She'll spend time reviewing with you before exams. Avoid other professors at all cost. She is the best!
5.0 : The best geology lab professor.  She is very down to earth and funny. She skips over unnecessary details, and teaches necessary content. She is always there to help you out. You can easily access her for help or to make up labs. Take her.
4.0 : She is very nice and helpful. She was always tired and stressed out and sometimes it stressed me out, but she seems like she has a lot going on, so I don't blame her. Didn't like the labs because they were super tedious and she grades harshly. But again, she is nice and she will help you when you're having trouble.
5.0 : Amazing!!!! She really cares and wants everyone to pass. She uploads a lot of extra materials on Blackboard that will help both in lab and lecture. Also, she is available for office hours and extra help often. TAKE HER.
5.0 : She is very nit picky about points. Will take off little bit for the smallest missing details. But, one of the best professors. Exams are alright. If you understood labs, you'll pass easily. Offers a lot of help, frequently emails students stating when she's available for any help or makeup labs. Learned more from her labs than the lecture class.
5.0 : Professor Sherry is amazing. She managed to make geology lab fun! She shows awesome videos which help you understand the material alot better! She's always there when you need her and she KNOWS her stuff. She's Very informative! She wants you to succeed. If you show up and try then you will do well. She's amazing, you wont regret taking her!
5.0 : SHE IS THE BEST PROFESSOR IN THE WHOLE UNIVERSITY. I took her for a lab, and she saved my entire life! she is very nice and explains everything so well!! take her!
4.0 : The only reason I passed my lecture class was because she went out of her way to actually help us learn that material. A great person who is an easy A if you just do whats asked of you (which isn't too much). Take. Her.
5.0 : She made lab so easy, she made sure you understood the material and showed a lot of videos to help. She is so sweet and helpful. She wants you to succeed. If you show up and try then you will do well.
5.0 : She's a new professor but I think she did a great job with this class. You need to attend class for participation credit, but you can still miss a few and be fine. Spends a lot of class time allowing you to choose paper topics and edit. Love her and am taking another class of hers next semester.
5.0 : She is a very amazing person. Mostly, essays determine your grades. You can go to her office hours to revise your essays and get better feedback. SHE IS THE ONE WHO GRADES YOUR ESSAYS AFTER ALL! Email her if you need help with essays, she is willing to help you to raise your grade, unlike some other professors!  P.S. Such an incredible person!
4.5 : I highly suggest this professor if you are looking for in-depth discussion about the books you read. The reading are well spread out, and she chose books that were very interesting to read. There are essays, but she has office hours that really help when revising your drafts.
5.0 : LOVE HER! She really does love her literature. The class is more or less discussion, she does pop quizzes frequently to make sure that you're doing the reading, but they aren't hard at all. She gives extra credit periodically for a point or two. Just keep up on the reading, participate, go to class and do your reading journals; it's an easy A!
4.5 : Really liked her. She talks a lot about her cats, which I really appreciated. Really strict about attendance (counts for your grade) and being on time. A lot of reading but she assigns good books (ex. Do Robots Dream of Electric Sheep) rather than boring old age books. Papers are relatively easy and the peer reviews and her feedback help a lot!
4.5 : You have to show up to class and do a lot of work but the work is not hard. She also grades easily but she does not accept anything late. There is also a lot of reading but the in class discussions on the readings are good.
4.5 : Great teacher
5.0 : Avoid this class, hardest teacher ever. Just kidding, excellent instructor.
4.5 : Well done class
5.0 : I LOVE PROF GRIECO SHES SO FUNNY AND NICE AND I JUST LOVE HER. TAKE HER!!! You'll love her. I wish she taught 112. :((
5.0 : Take her, shes amazing. You have 3 essays and easy HW. No tests. To get an A just show up to earn weekly participation points, do her easy 5 minute HWs and work hard on rough drafts. E-mail her your rough drafts so she can comments and gives you feedbacks. Listen to her feedbacks and you will get an A on the essay. Shes also a huge 1 Direction fan
4.5 : I LOVED HER! She is such an amazing teacher. Beware you do have to pay for like $100-200 worth of art supplies but I enjoyed the class alot and I can't draw to save my life. She makes it interesting. One paper I had to do and a presentation and the rest were art projects I did enjoy doing. I'm considering adding a art minor because of her!
4.5 : She's amazing. You have to pay $150+ for supplies but that's for all AVT classes. You have to show up everyday &amp; too many tardies will dock your grade. She gives you all of class to work on assignments. She grades pretty easy and gives great feedback. It's because of her and all the exposure I got from this class that is leading me to minor in art.
5.0 : GREAT PROF. LOVED HER. TAKE HER CLASS.
5.0 : What can I say? I love her! She is so clear in her expectations and is always up to date with grading and announcements. Weekly quizzes that you actually learn something from. She's wonderful and so understanding. Since this is such a rare thing in the GMU school of nursing, she's especially awesome! Thank you Dr.O, I wish you taught every class!
5.0 : Dr. O is truly amazing and she genuinely cares about her students. She is thoughtful and a breeze of fresh air in the nursing program.  She is clear on her assignments and grading criteria.  She is very knowledgeable and knows the material.  I love her a lot and will recommend her to anyone. I think she gets the best professor awards. I love Dr O.
5.0 : Really young and kinda spunky, not intimidating whatsoever. 3 main papers are assigned and class discussion based as well. Generally, a relaxing class. Stay on top of things and have normal work ethic, you are set for an A or A-! Go to class. Also, you only use the "They Say/I say" for a few reading assignments towards the beginning, would rent.
5.0 : Spinosas teaching style was not only refreshing but made you enjoy coming to class each day. She provided helpful criticism on papers and made older literature relatable to our current time. I definitely recommend her to all GMU students!!
5.0 : Papers are kind of long, but she's very sweet and helpful. She's really young (masters student) so she really wanted to bond with us and whatever. She puts out a few "controversial" topics and really enjoys classroom debate. I really enjoyed having her as my professor, made the week a bit more bearable. Go to class and do the work, you'll get an A.
5.0 : For the most part, all the work she assigns is really easy so long as you stay on top of it. Spinosa's grading is very hit or miss. Given that the majority of the grade pertains to the essays, it would have been nice to know the point break down after she graded the assignments. It is a laid back class and that is reflected through her personality.
4.0 : There is a lot of busy homework assigned that accumulates to a good amount of free points, but your grade will essentially reflect on how well you do on your 3 essays. If you are a solid writer and can follow a rubric, it should be an easy A. However, her grading on the essays seems random at times. Professor Spinosa is very nice and by the book.
5.0 : Super nice professor. Always there to help and responds to emails super fast. There are three major assignments and she helps you build all the components for the project versus just giving a due date. She also gives feedback after the rough draft which makes it stress-free.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking her class. She gives three major assignments during the semester (essays). She gives a great feedback on the rough draft. I could see that she cares about the students and see her passion for teaching. I would definitely recommend taking her class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking her class. We had three major assignments in the class which was not very difficult to do. The key points to the assignments were to do it step-by-step. She is very nice and caring about the students which was reflected on her class. If people have chance to take her, they should because this will be the best English class.
5.0 : I was a bit skeptical about taking her class considering that she wasn't on rate my professor. I'm glad I did take it though because her class is extremely easy and she's very helpful. We had a bit of homework, but it only took me 10 minutes, 20 minutes max. Professor Russell also gives really good feedback on your papers. Highly recommend her!!
5.0 : Professor Maass is a tough grader, but I think a lot of that is due to the standards of the Professor she TAs for. Otherwise she is very helpful and patient with her students, and she breaks down material so it's easy to understand.
5.0 : Professor Maas is an amazing professor! I came into the class ready to hate it as I had bad experiences with research methods ( I am a double major and hated every second of my research methods in my other major); however, she made research methods very interesting! I didn't need the book as I was familiar with most concepts, but if you don't know much about research methods, definitely buy it! There are no exams just one paper that will be divided throughout the semester. She is NOT a hard grader, I am not sure where that came from. She gives you a rubric and as long as you included everything that she asked you for in your paper, you will get an A. My lowest grade in the class was a 19/20 in the introduction of the paper. This was by far one of the easiest classes I've ever taken.
4.0 : Professor Maass is a great professor! She is always available via email and gives good feedback on assignments. Homework and classwork is easy and there is one major essay throughout the semester that you work on. She has you turn in each portion of the paper separately, she grades each part and gives feedback. Then you present it at the end.
5.0 : Dr. Greenberg is a very cool laid back professor. Took him for ARAB-250 and taking him again this semester. Also, very reasonable and really understands your struggle as a student. if you do not do all the homework he won't care. He just wants me to make sure you're learning. Easy A and highly recommend him.
5.0 : the best professor ever. Very nice guy (Y)
2.5 : Really nice guy, but not the best Arabic teacher. He is fluent in Masri which limits his knowledge of MSA, and can be confusing when listening to him speak. He doesn't really give clear descriptions of the grammatical concepts. Homework isn't due until the final and he's pretty lenient on grading. I don't really feel like I learned a lot.
5.0 : Just your basic Public Speaking class teacher, participation is huge. So if you don't bother showing up for a couple speeches do not expect to pass. There is reading and you have to buy a custom book for some bogus reason.
5.0 : Amazing professor and lecturer. He made the class enjoyable through his personal anecdotes (ie Mimieconomics) to funny pop culture/current events jokes (China! Not Rob Kardashians wife) to sports references (LSU games). He was always accessible outside of the class and responded to emails promptly. Assignments/Tests were straightforward. TAKE HIM.
5.0 : Very helpful and enjoyable class. Highly recommended.
5.0 : This class was awesome. Professor Burns is an excellent teacher and does a great job at presenting all sides while emphasizing the economic way of thinking about a particular issue. He responds to emails and questions with detailed answers and doesn't mind critiquing your work before it is due.  I truly enjoyed every minute of this class!
4.0 : His lectures aren't boring and he's got a great sense of humor. He doesn't give exams, just lots of papers so be prepared to write and cite. I'd gladly take another Econ class with him!
5.0 : Good professor, this was my second class with him.  Keep up with assignments, participate in class discussions and you will do great.
5.0 : Nicest professor ever. He was extremely caring and hardworking. He made a boring subject extremely interesting. Would totally recommend!
2.0 : Just take his class if you are into Austrian Econ. I'm not and his class was nerve wrecking. I noticed that anytime I wrote a paper that wasn't very Austrian my grade was low. He is nice and passionate about econ. Class was super easy but I didn't learn anything useful. Nothing on the public policy side and a very heterodox econ approach.
5.0 : I liked the class. Dr. Burns was super willing to help outside of class and provide detailed feedback. His lectures were very open for discussion, which i like. overall I think he did a good job of presenting both sides of arguments, although like someone said at times he sorta would let his beliefs slip. But he really tried to stress new ideas
5.0 : Easy class and cool dude. Group discussions. Grades upon 50 % discussion OP-ED and 50% Group presentation. No Exam! If you get the work done, then you should be fine. He helps you outside of class and provides detailed feedback, if you want to dig deeper into the topics. No need to get the text book, he has PP slides posted prior to class. Take him
4.0 : ECON 309 with him was fairly easy. There were no exams, just some op-eds, and a group project at the end. He gives great detailed feedback. My only complaints are that the textbooks and his lectures never synched, and that he sometimes let his beliefs slip a bit. Other than those, he's great.
5.0 : Highly recommend! The prefessor is really nice. He never refuse students' requests and he is really patient to any questions. I got lots of help from him. In addtion, his course is really interesting, you will never feel boring taking his class.
1.5 : Lectures are not very helpful. You could never show up to classes and still pass. Says he gives lots of "in class" extra credit but does not. Easy class but not the best teacher, tries too hard to relate to his students but does not do a good enough job covering the required materials.
5.0 : Professor Burns is a great Professor! I went into the class not knowing anything about economics and ended up with an A+ for the semester. He was always available for office hours which is what helped me do so well. Highly recommended!!
5.0 : Awesome class! One of my favorites of the semester. He put difficult econ concepts in terms of pop culture and sports which was helpful and also kept lectures from being boring. Always there in case you need extra help during office hours. I learned a lot even though it was just a gen ed for me.
5.0 : 3 exams, 1 group presentation and one final. You can either do all of those and drop one grade or opt out of one. I didn't have to take the final and got over a 100% in the class. It's also great for people who don't like public speaking because they could choose not to do the group presentation. Definitely take classes with this professor!
5.0 : Lectures are not mandatory which was nice. Some questions on tests do come from examples from lecture though, so if you want an A I would suggest going. Offers extra credit papers and drops one assignment (exam, final, or presentation, your pick). What more could you ask for?
5.0 : Super easy class. Gives 3 tests, a presentation, and a final (cumulative) but you get to pick 4/5 to do. Attendance not mandatory although it did make the tests easier and his lectures were actually interesting to me. Gives you a study guide with practice questions aka the test questions for each test. Got a perfect 100 on 2/3 tests.
5.0 : I loved Professor Burns' class! He made Econ easy to understand and every class enjoyable. He provided outlines for his lectures, which made it easy for us to fill in the notes. There are four exams and one group project. You get to choose which grade you want to drop. He offered extra credit throughout the semester, which was really nice!
4.0 : I  only showed up to class about 5 times and still managed to get an A+. He posts the questions that will be on the test beforehand so if you look at those, you are most likely to pass the exams. He posts the powerpoint presentations he uses in class so there's really no point in writing notes. He also gives extra credit which you should totally do
4.5 : His class was very easy! He is an amazing lecturer, and also very good looking which is totally a bonus.
5.0 : She's one of the best instructors I've had. She is a recent graduate who loves the field, so she knows a lot about the information and since she has learned it herself, she can make a lot of connections to help students understand concepts. She prepares you well for her quizzes in class and lecture tests, which is super helpful to avoid stress!!
5.0 : First and foremost, she is smokin hot!  She deserves two Hotness Peppers!  Maybe, three.  Anyhow, she's very passionate, detailed and very competent in her field of study.  She take things to the next level and assist you in connecting the dots so that the work becomes less of a chore and more enjoyable. She's going to be an awesome (and, hot) doc!
5.0 : Roxana is the best lab TA I have ever had. She was so helpful in me really learning the material for class. She truly cares about her students and them succeeding. She gave great explanations and study tips and was always quick to responds to emails and questions.
5.0 : Roxana is the BEST TA out there! She is incredibly helpful and truly wants each and every one of her students to pass. You have to be engaged in the class considering it is a lab but never hesitate to ask her questions. I recommend her to everyone!
5.0 : Professor Goudie was one of my 1st &amp; favorite professors at Mason. She made the transition from High School to College a lot less stressful. She loves to talk with the class about things that matter to them (she loves Kanye West). She's very understanding and cares a lot about her students. I wish I could have her for all of my Gen Ed classes.
5.0 : I LOVE this professor. Professor Goudie is the best teacher I have ever had. She is so supportive and sweet and really wants to help the students get better. She pays attention and listens to her students. My whole class begged her to teach our Lit class because she was so good. Totally recommend
5.0 : Professor Goudie was certainly one of the best teachers I've ever had.  She always made me want to go to English, and it was never a class I thought about skipping.  As long as you're respectful to her, you will be successful.  I wish it was more than just a semester long.
5.0 : If you have to take Biology 213 lab, make sure you take it with her. She is great in explaining things and truly cares about students. Just go to class and try to understand what you are doing.
5.0 : She is the best.  No one other than her is better for that class. She knows that you have other classes also. Reasonable mount of materials and if study very doable. Highly recommended.
5.0 : One of the most amazing professors I've EVER had. She really cares about her students. She is also very knowledgable and passionate in teaching!
5.0 : Sarah Bui is an exceptional teacher who is a prime example for what a teacher should aim to be: inspirational, caring, and funny.  I took her Immunology (BIO 452) summer class and was challenged by the material/pace that was presented for this short 5 week course.  This class was manageable only because Ms. Bui was an amazing teacher.
5.0 : My favorite professor at Mason thus far. She truly cares about her students and she will work with you to ensure that you get the best understanding out of the materials as possible. Immunology is a hard class, but she makes it bearable. I wish she taught more classes at Mason. Her study guides/powerpoint slides were the best! TAKE HER IF POSSIBLE!
5.0 : Such a positive experience. I have enjoyed every moment and look forward to working with her again. She understands her students and puts forth the most effort. She is a Ph.D student , but some how still makes time for her students. Explains everything so clearly and makes you feel inspired.
5.0 : She such a great instructor. She has the ability to explain material like no one else can. Its amazing how she can take the most complex things and put it in such a way that you leave class being able to teach someone else. She is a wonderful instructor 10/10
5.0 : I had Sarah Bui for lab and she's awesome. She's funny and is very helpful. Her instructions are clear as well as the grading criteria. She gives good introductions before beginning the labs and walk around to assist her students. There are no outside assignments beside a lab report. I would definitely take her again!
5.0 : You definitely want to have her. She is a great grader, she will help you if you have any questions, she has a great attitude, and she is very knowledgeable. I took her for lab and she did a great job explaining the lab as well as what to expect on her quizzes. I strongly recommend taking her, she's an amazing instructor and person.
5.0 : he's just awesome! take him you won't regret it I promise. he gives out lecture notes which are exactly what you're going to see on the exam. you really shouldn't get anything less than a B.
4.5 : Good class.  If you work his problem sets and study notes, you will do fine on his tests, but you do have to study!
5.0 : Class material was fairly interesting. Professor was very helpful and explains everything that you need to prepare for the test. Make sure you try on the problem sets as those will help a lot later on the test. Wear lots of yellow and listen to country music in his class. He likes that a lot.
5.0 : Harris is a great teacher. He pre-types &amp; posts the notes so you can pass without attending class. However if you choose not to attend, you are missing out on knowledgeable lectures taught with a great sense of humor. He also emphasizes the important material during the lectures which helps a lot. He's willing to put in the effort to help students
5.0 : He makes the most helpful notes compared to any teacher I've ever had, way better than most college textbooks. His explanations really allowed me to grasp the material and the course. Gives out problem sets (10% Total for each exam) to help since tests are short answer response. I have to say he's the best Econ Professor I've had at Mason
5.0 : Favorite class this semester. Lectures, HW and Exams went perfectly together so that you're not surprised by anything. He's great at explaining the concepts and breaking things down to the basic and building upon that. Also his dry sense of humor is hilarious. I really hope I can take more classes with him in future semesters!
4.5 : This semester was his first time teaching and he did an amazing job! You have three problem sets that greatly cover each exam, so there are no surprises. The notes given in class are very helpful and cover the entire lecture thoroughly. He is very eager to help his students succeed in his class, I highly recommend taking him!
4.0 : Impressed with how great he taught the class for a first time grad student professor. Knowledgeable and explains concepts well. Problem sets are super helpful and they're graded on completion. Readings are not necessary if you just read his notes. He uploads class notes for each class before. I suggests having them open or printed so you can follow
5.0 : 3 problem sets for homework. 3 exams based off of the problem sets and lecture notes. Tests are MC, TF, Short Answer and long answer. Prof. is laid back which makes the class enjoyable. He gives you all of the tools to pass the exams. Very smart guy who is confident in what he is teaching. Easy class because he explained everything perfectly.
4.5 : Professor Harris' intermediate microeconomics class is definitely one of the best Econ classes I have taken so far. He provides notes online so you can follow along if you get lost, has three main tests that he definitely helps you prepare for. He was more than generous to insure that you understood the content and pass the tests and assignments.
4.5 : Professor Harris' intermediate microeconomics class is definitely one of the best Econ classes I have taken so far. He provides notes online so you can follow along if you get lost, has three main tests that he definitely helps you prepare for. He was more than generous to insure that you understood the content and pass the tests and assignments.
4.5 : Professor Harris did a great job explaining dry and at times challenging material. The three Problem Sets were very useful in preparing for the three exams. This class is not easy but Professor Harris was able to relate real-world scenarios to help us understand theoretical concepts and the lectures had a good flow. I highly recommend!
5.0 : Overall the class is great. Materials are not easy. Class notes provided online are helpful. HW is somewhat similar to the exam. He replied to email very fast. Be prepared to study cuz I didn't and screwed my first two test and I did study pretty hard for final and got almost 100.
5.0 : what other comments (below) about him are true! He is a great professor. He is easy going and approachable. His lecture note explained and covered all class material. he teaches "how" to think, not what to think or what to memorize. I think that is a great quality for a professor and great quality for education we get.
5.0 : I took Creative Writing Non-fiction with Professor Spillson and this class was the ideal creative writing class to me. There is a fair amount of reading and discussion, but the main focus is on writing and getting peer and professor feedback. She gives valuable feedback, and doesn't force you to write "her way".  Enjoyable and informative.
5.0 : Professor Spillson is very nice but she's a tough grader when it comes to papers. You will have 3 papers (all from the books you will read in class, she make you overly think everything), writing journals every week, and long chapters to read every other day. She provides good feedback and lets you revise one of the first two papers.
5.0 : Easily my favorite class this semester. Christa is always willing to help, is always making the class interesting, and encourages participation. Lots of reading assignments, but that is expected from an English class. Love her and would recommend her for EVERYONE.
5.0 : I took Creative Nonfiction with her and she was nothing but warm and welcoming. She ensures a safe and enjoyable atmosphere in her classroom and is always willing to help. Lots of reading, lots of writing, but that's the point of this kind of class. In general, very sweet and personable. A+ professor.
5.0 : Spillson was the best professor I had at GMU. Her Creative Nonfiction class really opened my eyes to possibilities of writing I had never seen. She is kind and supportive and gives really good feedback. Do your work and you will love this class/prof.
5.0 : Professor Spillson is a fantastic professor. She integrates group discussion activities throughout her lecture, which enabled me to obtain deeper insight of the reading material for the course. You have to read a total of four books, and complete three essays for this course. The professor is always willing to provide assistance if you need it.
4.0 : There are about 5 books or so you will need to read throughout the semester. They aren't all bad so it's not boring. Participation does matter, but you get credit for just attending. There are about 3 papers you will write, they are not difficult papers. She usually goes into the topic in class. She is very nice and so helpful! Take her! Very easy!
2.5 : Expect lots of homework, essays one after another, sub writing. Participation counts, class peer reviews, professor rarely looks at drafts. Does allow rewrites. Class discussions comprise of extremely disconnected advice, inconsistent grading, lacks classroom presence and understanding in her own teaching. nice person overall, not a good professor.
4.5 : Attendance does matter, but you don't do much in class. Peer edit for every paper. Really nice and knows her stuff. The readings are helpful and are given as homework sometimes, but doesn't get mad if you don't read them. Just do the work and come to class and you will be fine.
5.0 : She really cared about my learning. I got a better grade on each major assignment. Took the time to meet me in her office when I needed it. Was understanding of life stuff, but helped me find a way to succeed. She really made me feel much more confident as a student. I will take her for something again sometime.
4.5 : Really good and nice teacher. Takes the time to let you come in for one on one revision meetings to get another chance to bring your grade up on a paper. In class peer review sessions are very helpful. Caring teacher who knows what she's talking about and who goes out of her way. Would highly recommend.
4.0 : Sachedina cares so much about the well-being of his students.  He is so passionate about his teachings and his lectures are so interesting!  It is really important to read everything, some readings are difficult to comprehend but if you make an effort, you will be fine!  Work hard, and make it obvious you care about your grade and you'll pass!
3.5 : So this professor is a brilliant man, and kind to boot. He expects a lot of his students, but he isn't unfair about it at all. My main complaint is his tendency to jump around during lectures.  This makes looking back at your notes very difficult, because you don't remember what page of your notes he said that one super important thing.
2.0 : Overall terrible experience. Unclear grading criteria, lectures went off on tangents, entirely unrelated to readings and the powerpoints. Professor was very disrespectful to students, belittled people in front of the class, and repeatedly told the class as a whole that the entire university was lazy and worthless compared to his students at UVA.
4.5 : He is really knowledgable and knows what he is doing in class or what he is here for.  He gives really inspiring lectures. If you are a muslim and taking his class then don't think that this class will be a easy pass for you. He grades your papers/tests based on how successful u were at showing that u did the reading and heard the lectures.
5.0 : Sachedina is an amazing professor. He cares about his students and really tries to bring out the best in them. I can out of this class a much better writer and researcher. The class and the reading are challenging but he's always available to help. Put effort into the class and he'll pass you.
4.0 : Dr. Sachedina is an exceptional scholar. If you are in the filed of studying Middle-East, Islamic Studies, or Religion in general, don't miss the opportunity to have him as a professor, but even if you can take his classes as an elective, you should do at least once. I have taken 4 grad/undergrad classes with him and I would love to take another
5.0 : He's such a brilliant professor. He's tough, definitely, and expects a lot. But he's such a kind and humble man who is honestly the most articulate and passionate teacher I've ever had. He's a hard grader and assigns a lot of reading, but this is what college is for. You'll learn a ton and be challenged deeply.
4.0 : Sachedina is a truly caring professor who clearly loves teaching and wants the best for his students. His lectures were boring at times and so were the readings. He expects a lot out of his students but if you show him you're willing to put in the effort to comprehend the materials, you'll get a good grade. All of his slides and lectures are online
4.0 : Take her! The course in general is annoying, tedious work- but that is not her fault. She is extremely helpful! Glad I had her for this course. Easy A if you do the work. Everything is group work.
4.5 : As long as you do the pre-labs and show up for lab, you will pass this course. There is a practical exam in which you have to use skills learned from prior labs, so make sure you show up to lab. All labs are done on the computer in groups of three. You must attend 10 labs to pass, but she offers 11 in case you miss one.
4.5 : Professor Fernandez is truly an amazing teacher, she cares for her students and their grades. Her teaching method is very simple and clear. If you have any questions she is more than happy to give you feedback, she takes the time to make sure that everyone is on the same page. If you want an A, take her.
4.5 : This professor was one of the best English professors I've taken. I've never been good at English and after taking her class I feel so much more confident in my writing. This class in general is not easy, but she really breaks it down and is very specific in what she wants and makes it easy to get a good grade! Would totally recommend her 100X
1.5 : I really did not enjoy this class. It's nice to have a laid back professor, but I thought she was too laid back. I personally like more structure in classes. The way she did things was very different from most classes, and her grading/assignments were not very clear. She didn't post grades to blackboard, so it was hard to keep track of your grade.
4.0 : Her class is not hard. Write about something you kind of enjoy. The whole class is built on top of that topic and your final paper. Just DO ALL THE WORK.
4.5 : Very motivating and helpful. She encourages students to work. The course was research based and thoughtfully designed. She is witty and helps students see the bigger picture. The course does make the student work and write long papers. It was the best class for me in this semester.
5.0 : Nice professor, willing to help, clear about what she wants in the papers. Best prof to take for english
4.5 : She's a detailed and caring professor who genuinely has her students' best interest in mind. The assignments directions are clear and expectations are stated well. Having said that, she is an extremely tough grader, bordering on absurd. She is of the false mindset that grading excessively harsh is the sign of an excellent teacher. Easy A, however.
5.0 : She is probably the best professor I have ever had at GMU. Her lectures are interesting and revolve around current events. The assignments are not difficult. All you need to do is actually complete them all on time. Choose her to make sure you have a great semester!
5.0 : Professor Lourdes is the best! I really enjoyed taking her this semester. She is very knowledgeable and inspiring. The class is not hard if you are ready to put some work in. The research paper will seem difficult at first, but after some class activities, library visits and online discussions, your ideas will be much more clear. Take her !
4.5 : Very easy class as long as you put in the effort. He is very lenient and generous, and willing to help you if you're confused, so ask questions. Study guides are problems from the book, do those and understand them and you'll be good to go.
5.0 : His class is easy as long as you come to class and put effort in it. Homework is easy and short. Tests are topics covered in class (nothing too difficult). His class can get a bit boring but he always gives a break in between his class. Also, come to class because he assigns in-class worksheets which are graded.
3.5 : He's an easy teacher, honestly. I took him for granted in the beginning. The only tough part about him is that his exams are tough. They're all long word problems, so if you like those types of questions, you'll be straight. Overall, chill dude.
5.0 : Awesome.
5.0 : Rajitha is super chill &amp; helpful. Just follow her instructions in class and you can get full marks in IT lab. She'll even let you redo a homework you did bad in or if you forgot to do it. She is very kind. Totally recommended. Even though lab isn't mandatory to attend, just come to lab because it'll be SUPER easy to do the assignment with her.
5.0 : Professor Brezner is amazing. Without a doubt one of my best professors last semester. He truly helps you succeed. Just put in the work on the assignments and show up to class for participation points. He is also very helpful when you want him to look over essays.
4.0 : Your going to have to bring your laptop to class everytime, and everything is online. You have to show up to class to get credit, but he allows you to re-do projects for a better grade. A tad boring and you have to work in groups all da time.
4.5 : He is very energetic, and very committed to everything he does. He is much more relaxing to deal with than other professors, but still is able to hold respect by the students. The main grades in his class are four large papers, but he is good at preparing you for success if you listen to his directions. Easy A if you do your work.
5.0 : Professor Brezner is a real gem of a professor. He is SUPER nice and respectful, and he cares a TON about his students. He really wants to see them become better writers. He gives very thorough feedback on assignments, and he will always answer your questions. You will not go wrong taking his class. He's really great. Seriously.
4.5 : You cannot fall behind in this class.  Cant move forward until you understand the current.  Take the practice quizzes...90% of your quiz/exam questions come from them.  He is a great instructor and very organized.  He knows his stuff!  He'll meet with you at your convenience to help you.
2.0 : I wouldnt take this class. This professor is nice enough but the lectures are just ok. I cant help but feel that the class and its content is pointless because you literally will brain dump everything once the class is over.  Half way through the class gets very tough. you will be loosing precious time and memory on something unneccesary&amp; difficult
5.0 : If you watch his lecture videos and do the practice quizzes, then you will for sure do well in his class. The weekly quizzes are almost the same as the practice ones. His exams are also the same format, so just look over the quizzes before you take them. Less than five discussion posts a semester.
5.0 : the class and subject are both very easy and straightforward. Grades consist of quizzes and honestly if you read the book, watch his lectures (which are actually funny), and take his practice quizzes you'll get an A+. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Great teacher, incredible lectures. I actually stopped reading the book midway through the course and just watched his lectures. Some of the best I have seen, very clear and very helpful. The class is made up of tests and quizzes. If you watch the lectures and take the practice tests there is no way not to get an A in this class.
3.5 : This is the hardest/boring class I have ever taken with an excellent professor. This is a philosophy class named "Critical thinking", so you think you are  going to learn about  philosophers and how to critically think, but instead, you have to decipher sentences into "formulas" likes this: (pvq)vr)::(pv(qvr)), and believe me, this is nothing.
3.0 : Do not take this class! This professor is great, his lectures are really good and he knows how to teach. However, the content of this class is horrible, you will be loosing precious time and memory on something difficult, pointless, that I am 99.9 percent  sure you will never use in your entire life. The textbook is awful, save your soul.
5.0 : Davis was an awesome professor. He always showed up to class full of energy with a smile on his face. He's hilarious and always makes jokes in class. The material itself can get kind of boring and hard to pay attention to, and he gives out easy pop quizzes that are non-material related as extra points for those who show up to class. Show upEasy A
5.0 : The coursework is not overwhelming if you sit down and read from the textbook.  Professor is funny. He's laid back compared to my other online courses. DO THE PRACTICE QUIZZES BEFORE DOING THE ACTUAL QUIZ. THEY ARE THE SAME QUESTIONS! Study for exams but the class overall is not too hard. It just sounds intimidating.
5.0 : Davis is one of my favorite professors! His lectures are engaging and he takes the time to adequately explain each concept. He gives out pop quizzes that are unrelated to the material, so if you show up you'll get a good grade. His grading is a little tough, but as long as you show up, take notes, and ask for clarification if needed, you'll be fine
4.0 : You can't go wrong with Prof Dalal, he explains things clearly, and always asks students if they have questions, take full advantage of this, offers solid examples,  explains harder to grasp concepts multiple times to make sure everyone is on the same page,overall a great professor DEFINITELY RECOMMEND
4.0 : He is a good professor. He will help you wherever you need his help! Exams are tough especially the finals!
5.0 : Got A but have to work hard
5.0 : Dr. Hock is one of the best professors I have had at GMU. You know exactly what to expect because he is very clear. When preparing for the exams do NOT make the mistake of thinking the material is common sense. You need to know your stuff in order to do well on the exams, so be sure to truly understand the concepts. Go to class! He's a gem.
4.0 : Class isn't that difficult. The exams are solely based off PPT lectures and some of the questions are odd. Group project is ridiculous, as it seems pretty unnecessary. Do not buy textbook. If you go to class you will pass, but you have to go to every class in order to get the notes b/c the PPT slides are blank. Take him.
5.0 : Print out the slides, come to class, and study and you are guaranteed at least a B
5.0 : Straight forward Professor. You need to come to class because he will have random quizzes (open-notes/collaborative) and the PowerPoints have blanks that he will not give to you if you miss. Put a bit of effort into studying and you'll do just fine. Textbook isn't needed but can be a good supplement if you need it.
5.0 : My favorite class at GMU! No textbook, no final. Four exams, a few homework grades and in-class quizzes. Final group project: read a short book, write a paper on it and do a presentation in class. Excellent professor, great guy, responds to emails quickly, posts grades on blackboard lightning fast. Wish I could take him again!
4.0 : This class was actually very interesting and Hock taught it very well. He's extremely knowledgeable about the topic and explained the concepts well. Be prepared to attend every single class to take notes. Two exams, a group project, and presentation. Exams come directly from powerpoints but you will need to write down the examples he provides.
5.0 : Professor Hock is a really great guy, clearly invested in what he teaches and clearly cares about his students. Doesn't like the textbook because it costs money, so his class is very lecture based, tests are literally verbatim of his lectures. Great guy all around, would take again.
5.0 : Hock is extremely clear with his grading. No textbook. Study the slides and you should do well on the 3 tests. This is by far one of the most important classes any marketing major will take and Hock teaches it very well. GO TO CLASS. Put the effort in to learn. Theres no reason you shouldn't get at least a B. I would highly recommend this class.
3.5 : Mostly worked in groups and got visits from guest speakers. Was a fun and interactive atmosphere that includes everyone. Did not keep us the entire class time if we finished early. Most graded projects were participation based or group work. One major group project is the final.
2.5 : Honestly this was the easiest class ever. Go to class, participate in discussion and you have an A. There's a couple of assignments with EXTREMELY VAUGE REQUIREMENTS. But as long as you do what he asks for the most part you'll get an A.
5.0 : Although it was his first time teaching at GMU, he did a fabulous job. He respects every single one of his students. Would like to adjust the schedule if any student finds the assignment difficult and confusing. Not much homework to do. Just follow his instructions and you are good. p.s. HE IS AN EXCELLENT COUNSELOR TOO.
5.0 : He made the whole class feel like a family. Even though it was his first time teaching he was amazing!
5.0 : He is an excellent person. He has taught me a lot. Although a lot of reading and internet surfing is required to ace his course but by the end a lot of learning is achieved. A great person indeed. This course requires hardwork, almost complete reading of two very good books. Java is the language of this course, you need to work on your java skills.
5.0 : Well , the while point of the class is learning and you learn! Be ready to have 2 readings for 1 quiz and 1 Assignment per week. Text book(s) are mandatory. Professor is very caring, pay attention to the class and read book from quiz 1 you will do fine. Course structure is not easy , great professor, Recommended!
5.0 : Dr. Baldo gives great lectures and offers excellent real-world perspective and industry best practice approaches of the material being taught.  He is a dedicated professor and I would recommend taking any class he would teach.
4.0 : Paul was a fantastic lab instructor.  The lecture/instruction was good. He provides the slides AND supplemental notes. The 2 practical exams weren't too bad but definitely study!  Go to class and do the discussion posts- easy grades.
5.0 : It's a neuroanatomy lab, so there's a lot of memorization, but he makes it as accessible and straightforward as possible. Really wants everyone to succeed and will do whatever he can to help, including practice practicals and lots of tips on what to study. Very fair grader as well! I really enjoyed the structure of this class and learned a lot!
5.0 : One of my favorite classes at Mason. It is extremely hard though, theres is a lot of memorization involved. Paul makes the class more enjoyable and he does a really good job of explaining everything. I would definitely take a class with him again if he ever taught another one.
5.0 : She is super nice, friendly, and corky but boy is she a hard grader. We all though Mike (coteacher) was a hard grader but she will mark off for any little error. She does know a lot about her career and is willing to help. Just get ready to read and work hard. Also she really wants a lot out of assignments, so be ready to do A LOT of work.
4.5 : Professor Flyte gives wonderful lectures and always has some pretty cool readings and movies for us to watch. Her assignments are long (2 papers), but aren't hard and pretty interesting. She gives 2 tests throughout the semester (have to study), and pop-quizes here and there (super easy). She definitely knows her stuff, I would take her again.
5.0 : Professor Ansari is a knowledgeable Martial Artist and he really cares about the students and what they are learning.
4.5 : For the beginner course, it was a great way to test the waters since the class isnt hard at all and only really just asks you to participate. Intermediate course is also great; it builds off the beginner but really makes you think out of the box. Prof. Nadeem helped me understand the techniques and a multitude of reasons 10/10  would recommend
5.0 : Great guy with a lot of great stories, super helpful, fun class
4.5 : Professor Ansari has an impressive grasp of martial arts beyond the Jiu Jitsu outlined in the syllabus. He shows a lot of respect for his students and is more than willing to work on the material individually until you understand it. Even though I already had some experience in martial arts, I still took a lot of new material away from the class.
5.0 : Fun class, makes the material easy to grasp. Be prepared to be active
5.0 : Great class and great professor. Has a wealth of knowledge about martial arts that span beyond Jiu Jitsu. If you have the chance to take his class, take it.
5.0 : Prof. Ansari gives you a vast amount of knowledge far more expansive than what the curriculum states. He teaches you Jiu-Jitsu in the context of self-defense to prepare you for the real world. You learn a lot about anatomy, psychology, and law but these are by no means off topic; they are very related to self-defense. Definitely take!!!
5.0 : I took both jiu-jitsu courses with Prof. Ansari and I really enjoyed the second part where there is more free-rolling. The professor teaches you the curriculum so you can follow along and provides a textbook for further explanation. He also gives you additional knowledge, giving everyone a chance to learn and implement more tools in their skill set
5.0 : The professor is easy going and knows his material. Since he has been practicing martial arts for over 30 years, he brings his experience and passion in self-defense to class. He teaches practical tips on overcoming and defending yourself against an opponent. It's an easy A as long as you show up to every class and put effort in the techniques.
5.0 : Prof Nadeem is awesome. To his Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class this past semester, part 1 and part 2. I learned how to not only fight competitively but also for survivial. He taught us a lot, more than what was on the syllabus. I would highly recommend you take his class if you want to push your self and achieve greatness. Funny and caring for students.
5.0 : His part 1 BJJ class so really awesome. Techniques and forms were taught to us, so many that I had a difficult time trying to figure out what move sets I wanted to execute during the final. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : sweetest lady of all time. Very incredibly helpful!
5.0 : One of the nicest teachers at Mason. She is willing to work with you if you need help and really wants all of her students to succeed. I strongly recommend taking her class!!
5.0 : She is such a fantastic teacher.
5.0 : Saw her at a conference over the weekend. She isn't teaching currently so she can focus on research, but if you get the chance to take one of her classes do bc she is a must.
3.0 : TA for the class and very helpful with feedback
4.0 : Besides the amount of speeches we have to give in class, its a pretty solid class to take. She was always willing to help and gave good feedback on each speech. If you miss a deadline, just talk to her and she'll give you an extension. Really easygoing about that- but DON'T miss a speech day, you'll get a zero.
4.0 : She's a very fun, energetic, and friendly professor. She's also has great experiences in business to share that makes the class interesting. Definitely recommend. No textbooks! Only downside: she's not an easy grader. Some people think she is because she's so easy-going, but she's pretty detail-oriented, so be careful
5.0 : Great professor gave a good amount of assignments however they weren't too hard and they were beneficial to you.
3.5 : Has a lot of experience; you will gain so much knowledge from her class. She's energetic, respects and values diversity. TOUGH GRADER, don't be fooled by her personality; she's very detail oriented. Resume, Cover letter, Informational interview, and final group presentation required. Follow her assignment format to the fullest. Participation is key
3.5 : She's easy-going and her experience makes her a great source of information and feedback, however, don't confuse that with being an easy grader. She's detailed-oriented and extremely opinionated. She WILL deduct points if she dislikes something on an assignment whether it is RIGHT or wrong. Follow her instructions to the T; forget individuality.
4.0 : Prof. Ramos does a terrific job explaining the material to the class each week and getting the class involved. You can tell she is passionate about what she teaches. She could come off as a tough grader but if you read the assignment and follow the instructions you will be fine. Only con is she takes her time grading the assignments.
2.0 : She expects everyone to have the same extrovert personality as her and doesn't understand some people are not the same. She takes forever to grade and if she doesn't like something you said in an essay she will easily deduct points. The content of the class is almost useless its just common sense. The class is easy overall but not enjoyable.
4.5 : Professor Ramos is the kind of professor you want for any class.. one that loves what she teaches and actually cares for her students! She will go out of her way to help you out in the business world, all she asks in return is for you to be committed and motivated. This class will prepare you for the real business world and Mrs. Ramos is awesome
5.0 : Professor Ramos is one of my favorite professors I've had at Mason. She is one of those professors who truly cares about her students and super energetic in class. The class is super fun and one that you would look forward going too also. The assignments aren't super hard but some of them take great effort, Not a super easy A as some expect.
3.0 : This class is basically common sense. The assignments are not too hard, but she grades them very harshly and picks on little details. She is a slow grader, but she is enthusiastic and cares about the subject. YOU HAVE TO PARTICIPATE and be active in the class to do well. For group projects, try going the first day, since she is more lenient.
5.0 : Larissa Ramos is one of the best professors I've taken at George Mason University. She gives out very fun projects that are very applicable for the future. She makes her lectures very interesting and engaging. Would highly recommend taking her.
5.0 : Easy professor. 5 assignments and no tests. Just a final project. No textbook for the class.
5.0 : The class was designed to develop professional skills which was very practical and enjoyable. I learned a lot from Professor Ramos. She wasn't rushed to return assignments and grades, but gave detailed feedback. No test &amp; no textbook.
5.0 : Pros: great teacher, learned a lot of relent and interesting information I can apply to my life,  no textbooks, no final or midterm  Cons: slow grader but easy-ish, final group presentation
4.5 : anyone know if she finished grading yet? lol. Good information acquired from class, but the course could use some more cleaning up. Just a bunch of papers in my bus303 file i binge printed with no real substance. lets class go early sometimes,is success driven,could of had a lot worse teachers. dry subject, she made it tolerable. stress free class
4.0 : Professor Ramos is an excellent teacher. I would take her class again. There are some instances where follow through could be better but overall very good. Be prepared to do group activities that may sound mundane but are designed to aid real world understanding. No tests, no final, just a few projects and presentations. no textbook needed
4.5 : She is a very energetic and personable teacher who keeps the class engaged.   She likes to have you work with a partner or in small groups at least once every class.  This class requires A LOT of interaction.  All your grading is based upon several projects and class participation.  NO EXAMS OR TEXTBOOK.  Definitely take her.
4.0 : Professor Ramos's  BUS 303 class is easy as long as you attend class and do the homework.
5.0 : If professor Ramos taught any other classes. I'd definitley sign up in a heartbeat. She's very energetic and has different activities each day. Attendance is huge, there are no textbooks, midterms or finals. Group work, activities and projects are the focus of this class.
4.0 : Great teacher, cuts out a lot of the pointless stuff. He brings a lot of experience and random tangents to better illustrate his points. You need to have a laptop in class for end-of-the-class quizzes. (they're basically for attendance). open book/note midterm and final; literally hands you the course on a silver platter. would take again
5.0 : I really like this professor and enjoyed the class. However, the final exam was too much.
5.0 : The nicest and one of the most knowledgeable professor at GMU. He has tons of experience in this field and shares them with his students. He has a strong sense of humor. Just hope that you have a good group, as it is randomly assigned. Easy midterm and the final. Follow his template. A lot of work, but it's all worth it.
4.5 : Prof Ray is very good. I do not like OM but his real world expe. made it so bearable. 2 exams which not bad at all. If you want to really pass this course, choose good group for the group project. He does assig. in class and he allows groups to work on it. Gave optional assig to improve grads. Very possible A. I recommend him.
5.0 : Nicest professor I've had at Mason and very knowledgeable for OM. He helps out and responds back to email very fast. He cares about his students and his exams are very simple if you do his study guide.  Only hard part is the group project because you do have slackers. His extra credit was very helpful and you learn a lot from it. Overall easy A!!
4.5 : Very nice and has a ton of exp in project management. Can work together for in-class exercises (go to class for this!), and the exams are not bad. The group project can be a real big pain if you have a bad group though. I would highly recommend him over other profs that teach OM 493. Super easygoing, funny, responsive to emails, helpful overall.
5.0 : this is the beginning of the semester with this professor but i had to write on this website. I had hard time to set up the software and this professor literally walk through line by line by email for about 3 hours. I have never seen any professor dedicated this much. Definitely the best prof. oh the class has no midterm and final guys. ;)
5.0 : Class material is well presented Extremely helpful professor, spend time to meet with team in trouble Fair grader
5.0 : Great person. Excellent professor. Kind and caring. Highly recommend for IT Capstone course.
5.0 : This is a capstone class so it requires work outside of the classroom. David was an excellent teacher. Class has individual presentations and a final team presentation in the end. Make sure you spend time on identifying your sponsors problem otherwise the judges will have a field day. David is awesome and you should take him if you can.
4.5 : Greatest prof ever! He is a must to take for MIS 412 or 491. Very helpful and gives great feedback. He always tells us to email with questions and is very responsive. He allows us to take the work home to finish if it is not done in class, which is great so there is more time to do it. You will learn so much in this course!
5.0 : This class is clearly laid out. You get the experience of working with a real world problem that you are trying to solve via IT.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I have ever seen in college time. There is no quiz and test in this class. Just do the assignments and work on your website for the entire semester. He is always willing to help and gives most of his time meeting with students.
5.0 : Amazing professor!! I was apprehensive about taking this class, esp. since I'm not proficient in Java. Prof. Richard was very thorough in covering various technical aspects of web design and their application/value to business. Brilliant man that's able to break things down making them understandable. Incredibly dedicated to his students' learning.
4.5 : This was both mine and Dr. Ramsdell's first semester at Mason. He's extremely helpful. He doesn't like textbooks, but you have to pay attention in class. Ask questions or go see him during office hours. He tries his best to help you understand. He's passionate about his students' learning process. He's also hilarious. He makes class interesting.
4.0 : Professor Ramsdell is a very nice guy and down to earth, he's a little unorganized though and has somewhat difficult exams he throws at you out of nowhere. You don't learn much in his lectures so you have to study on your own for sure! He gives many good examples of the concepts but leaves out a definition. You don't need a textbook :)
5.0 : He gives great lectures, does not really go by the book. He has lots of experience in his field so be ready to hear a lot of stories. I don't remember having to turn in many assignments for his class, maybe 2, the most during the semester. There was a group project towards the end of the semester but it was nothing terribly hard. Pretty easy.
4.0 : Great professor, very interesting and funny lectures that keep you focused.
5.0 : Dr. Ramsdell was absolutely awesome! Highly recommend taking his classes. He clearly knows a lot about what he's teaching and he's really friendly and funny too. 2 tests (super easy) and 1 paper. That's it!
4.5 : He's an excellent professor. He had hilarious examples and if you come to class and study for exams you'll get an A. He gives all the questions in advance but it's one of those "List everything you know" kind of questions. His final is a blessing and he's a great professor.
4.0 : Dr. Ramsdell knows a lot about the course and has a background on it. Two exams &amp; one paper &amp; sometimes extra credit. You have to write must of the type for the notes &amp; listen carefully because he doesn't upload the powerpoints on blackboard. Overall Dr. Ramsdell is a good professor.
5.0 : Dr. Ramsdell is a very good professor who is very passionate about what he does. His lectures are very interesting and make coming to class worth it. His tests are not difficult, but in order to pass you need to pay attention in class or read the textbook on your own. I would take classes with him again. Highly recommend taking his courses
5.0 : I took him for intro to forensics, pseudoscience, and mental illness in the court room. Tests are pretty short and only 2 make up a big part of the grade and questions are very specific. Make sure to take good notes and really study, they all require papers but he is very nice with helping you. Super nice professor and funny but make sure to study
5.0 : Professor Ramsdell is the best professor I have ever had! He makes requirements super clear and is very quick to email back. You have to be in class for the notes, otherwise you'll be lost come test time. He has 2 tests and most of his courses require one paper and/or project. He is the reason I'm in Forensic Psychology!
4.0 : Dr. Ramsdell is very knowledgeable in his field and cares about his students success. Lectures are not mandatory but if you don't go, don't expect to pass the tests. Regardless, if you don't go you miss out because he is one of the few professors who won't put you to sleep during his lectures. 10/10 would take another course with him.
5.0 : The lectures were clear and thought invoking. The instructor was responsive and gave good feedback on discussion board assignments. You will need to be clear and cite your arguments in the discussion assignments.
4.0 : This was "The Victim Experience". It also was my second go round with Dr. Ramsdell; he is really considerate of the sensitivities around the topics of the course and really opened my eyes with some of the material. Do not worry about the textbook, he does not use it.
5.0 : Awesome professor and class. Really interesting material and the professor is passionate about what he teaches. 1 paper, a midterm &amp; final. Lots of guest speakers which is awesome. No textbook was required. Overall great class and professor.
5.0 : Dr. Ramsdell was an amazing professor. Even though class was at 9 am, I went to all of them because he was hilarious and he had great stories about working in the field. He explained all of the concepts clearly and kept it interesting even though it was all about psych research. Highly recommend
5.0 : Dr. Ramsdell is awesome! Really nice and very funny, and his experiences helped me understand more about research in psychology. The tests are mostly short-answers, so it's very time consuming. Other than that, he's very helpful and understanding, take him!
4.0 : Although his class was awesome... I overheard him make a comment about our group project to another student that we worked really hard on that was not cool! Don't think he thought we heard him, but was discouraging to hear from your favorite professor :(
5.0 : The best professor I've ever had. So fantastic and incredibly knowledgeable on the subject matter and so so so inspirational. The best professor I've ever had at GMU.
5.0 : Dr. Ramsdell is an amazing professor. He has really awesome experiences that he shares with his students. He is very candid and funny, but sometimes gets off topic. There is really no structure to any of his lectures, and only tests on what he writes on the board. He assigns textbook chapters but only for better understanding, not on the tests.
4.5 : If you are looking for a class where the professor won't put you to sleep and make sure you know the material, then Dr. Ramsdell is who you should take. He is down to earth and really cares about his students. He will do everything in his power to help you pass, BUT won't be able to help unless you put in the same amount of effort.
5.0 : She is an inspirational teacher who gets real about education. She's very passionate, and ready to help whenever possible. The classes were three hours long and at night, yet she made the classes enjoyable and I actually learned a lot from the way we she taught the material and her own personal stories. Make sure you come to class though!
5.0 : All around great professor. Class is so easy if you show up and do the assignments given. She does not give any tests only projects and papers. Her class lectures were great considering the class was at night. She offers so many personal stories about teaching that are really inspiring and helpful. Definitely take her!
4.0 : She wasn't too big on attendance but she doesn't like lateness. She wasn't a very hard grader and it's not a bad class as long as you try.
5.0 : She is the best! Her lectures were not boring &amp; she would always be helpful outside of class. I enjoyed her lectures &amp; I used her powerpoint lectures for exams, no book needed.
5.0 : Professor Ledoux is a fantastic professor. Her lectures are focused on the reading material, but you don't actually have to do them to pass the class or do well on the exams. She does an excellent job explaining all the concepts in class. Exams are straightforward and simple, as long as you go to class.
5.0 : Annie was a great help to my semester.  I liked how focused and helpful she was.  Every lab she would offer her assistance, and ensured that students were able to make up labs if they could not attend.  She was a pleasure to learn from!
5.0 : So adorable, I couldn't keep my eyes off of him
5.0 : Dr. Knudsen challenges his students by making them work for the grade.  Definitely knows the material that he teaches.  If you do the homework honestly you will see the results in the test.  Always open to help.  Statics with Modeste will not prepare you for this class.
5.0 : Great professor, really knows his stuff. Materials was very interesting and fairly straightforward. Definitely take him!
5.0 : Really, really funny guy. find myself laughing at least once a class. Post's power points online that are essential to passing. Great teacher. Loved his class.
5.0 : He is one of the best professor I've ever had. He cares about all of his students doing well in the class. His quizzes are easy if you know the material and tests are a bit hard. If you understand the basics, read the book, and go over his slides you can get an easy A. He is always there to help you in his office hours and via email.
5.0 : Dr. Knudsen is by far one of the best professors I have had. His instruction makes the material easy to grasp, and many people came into the class with minimal understanding of statics but he went out of his way to cover the fundamentals of statics as well. Take notes, do the homework, and go to his office hours. Great professor.
5.0 : Great professor!
4.0 : This man is down right comic. Cracks a joke that will make you laugh for at least 5minutes. But regardless hes brilliant and his lectures are informative. Solid mechanics is tough if you dont know statics. And he can be annoyed if you dont know statics so know statics
5.0 : This class isn't too difficult; it's mostly reading and learning combined with some easy calculation problems. The class does cover a pretty big amount of material, and the exams are tough. However, Dr. Knudsen provides you with plenty of resources to pass, and will offer extra credit. He lectures well and he's funny, so you won't fall asleep.
4.0 : knows his stuff really well and wants you to do good! he's funny so his lectures are entertaining. you need the textbook if you want to do good in his class!! highly recommend prof knudsen!!
4.0 : great professor, funny guy which makes the lectures interesting, really wants you to do well. GET THE TEXTBOOK you need it to well!
5.0 : Class is more challenging than it seems. Weekly quizzes means you need to stay on top of the material and attendance. Its not hard but definitely needs attention. Plenty of opportunities for extra credit and there will be generous amounts of feedback so no reason for not succeeding!
4.0 : 6 Response Papers and 2, 4 page papers on 2 GMU Plays that you must attend. Also you must attend a Professional Play.  Fun class but requires a lot of time.  If you just want an Easy A for your Art Elective this is not it...  1/3 of the class dropped it once they knew how many papers you have to write and the info you have to read..
5.0 : Really great professor, cares for students. I would take course again with him. He is very helpful and goes far and beyond to help. Thank you Thumbs up
5.0 : I had Eshete as a professor in ME211 Statics and ME212 Solid Mechanics. Each time has been wonderful and a positive learning experience. His grading tendency is usually 20% each for tests 1-4 which are non cumulative and 20% from quizzes so studying for tests is KEY. Great lectures and he makes it easy to understand even without the textbook. 3 A+
5.0 : Great professor, cares for his students and really wants them to understand the material. Rarely gave homework. Tests weren't too hard. He makes it seem easy!
5.0 : This class can be pretty complicated. Dr. Eshete simplifies the material, but you need to go to lecture; he can cover an entire chapter within half of a class. There is a group project, but it isn't too difficult. He gives four exams, non-cumulative. Occasionally there will be quizzes, but it's on homework (that have solutions) assigned before.
4.5 : A professor that truly cares about his students. He assigns homework, but it isn't collected and comes with the answers. He has quizzes that come directly from the homework. His tests are best studied for by going over problems done in class and the homeworks. He grades fairly, and makes sure the class understands the concepts of the course.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class! Professor Tague is by far the best English teacher I've ever hard &amp; she's such a nice professor. She's also extremely helpful if you have any questions. We had three major papers and the criteria for all of them is clear and simple if you do your readings. I would recommend her to anyone that has to take English!
5.0 : Professor Tague pushed me outside of my comfort zone, but in a good way.   Writing sometimes can be a painful process for myself, but now I am empowered to push through any tough reading or writing assignment.  I highly recommend her.
5.0 : LOVED HER CLASS! Highly recommend her. She's always there when you need her and she helps you in every aspect you need help in on your essays. Three essays and pre announced quizzes at some points throughout the semester. She actually made me like literature
4.5 : I squeezed out a B without reading a single book that was assigned throughout the semester. Essays are assigned on a specific passage/poem of your choosing, making it very easy to write on. Essay lengths range from 900-1600 words. If you don't go to class the only thing you'll miss out on is participation points.
5.0 : Dr. Tague was great! She made all of her lectures interesting and relevant. It was mostly discussion, which was good. I enjoyed the class!
5.0 : Professor Tague is a cool professor, but she actually does care about attendance and participation. She really likes discussions and she is also pretty organized and helpful. Workload for this class is moderate but easy, and there is a decent amount of reading.
5.0 : The best professor I have had so far. She is funny, engaging, and cares about what she is discussing. She loves discussion so make sure you read enough to discuss a little bit, but you don't have to read all of it if you can't. Finally she relates to her students very well because she doesn't act like a snubby professor, but as a peer.
5.0 : 3 papers. Journal work. Discussions. Cool teacher. Funny. Homework is straight forward, just do it! Participation matters, but the class is actually fun. Melanie is too cool. A+
5.0 : Professor Tague is an amazing professor. This class consists of 3 papers, journal work, class discussions, and make sure you READ the assigned texts! Anyways, everyone should take her and sign up for the optional conferences she holds outside of class because they really help!
5.0 : Professor Tague is really cool and chill! She made the class interesting and included examples related to pop culture. We wrote 3 papers and her comments were very helpful.  She also likes discussions and participation, so make sure to participate. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : She is a good teacher, but she is not an easy grader when she comes to grade papers. Because writing and reading were not my strength, I couldn't get an A in this class. I revised my papers many times and got B's on them. Everything else is enjoyable and missable.
4.0 : Really chill person. Lets class out early. Classes are just discussions about readings. You get points for talking though. Readings were short but difficult to understand. This was the only hard part when writing for the last 2 of 3 essays. Did not really learn much in this class but she is a solid choice if you are looking to clear a gen-ed.
5.0 : Easily one of the best classes i've ever taken. Don't need the textbook, the tests are straight from her slides. All questions were fair, but you do have to study. She hints at what will be on the test. She gave tons of great career advice and was just overall and amazing teacher. LOVED HER!!
5.0 : Most definitely a class I would take as a Bio elective, &amp; wish I could take it over again! She was very clear in what she expected and there was no second guessing. Very straight forward. She was pregnant while I was taking her course and in fact gave birth 3 lectures away from the final but was very good about communication and gave 1 remote lect!
3.0 : Lectures for duration of class - reading straight off pp. No HM, outside work, or x-cred, but gives parti. pts for attendance. Drops a low test. Can seem a teeny bit pretentious. Mispronounces a couple of things (e.g. larynx, bacteriophage, corynebacterium). Overall though, she's okay. Her stories are interesting &amp; she should tell more. Class av B
4.0 : Good class! This is not her full time gig. She works for Quest Diagnostics so she just does this part time. She is happy to talk about her work with you if you ask, and she's interested in helping students make career choices. B-/C+ average. Very happy the final was NOT cumulative! Covered a good chunk of material.
5.0 : She is passionate &amp; enthusiastic about the subject and really cares for her students. Her feedback on your work makes you feel like a real author, and she is always positive and kind in class. Her expectations for papers are clear and she tells you exactly how to improve. Please take her class, you will not regret it.
5.0 : She's absolutely amazing and encouraging and very enthusiastic. If I could i would definitely take her again!!
5.0 : The best English Professor you could ever have. she is just awesome.
5.0 : Genuinely sweet and encouraging. Understands the life of a college student and doesn't judge. Highly recommend if you want to really dissect literature.
5.0 : Miss Mason is such a kind caring professor. She always made time to listen to my concerns and helped me with the assignments. She is very clear with what she expects and gives you an easy A if you deliver. I loved this class and would definitely take it again if I could.
5.0 : Professor Mason is my favorite professor at GMU so far. She genuinely cares about and believes in each and every student in her classes. The readings are extremely interesting and you are able to choose your own topics for papers and run with them. All around an amazing class and even more amazing professor. Will definitely be taking her again!
5.0 : Best English Professor at Mason. Sweet, funny, kind! You  will get an A if you try and participate in class
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had this semester. She does expect you to read deeply; but that's the thing, I learned to read deeply from her! Her assignments are useful in improving your writing and world view, and fun! She listens to your perspective and incorporates it in lectures. Free spirited, embraces creativity and a great person overall!
5.0 : Holly is a delight. She genuinely cares about every single student and puts forth a tremendous effort to let you know you're valued in her classroom. She embraces diversity and never belittles anyone's work or ideas. Her assignments are straightforward and she provides opportunities for extra credit throughout the semester. She's simply the best.
4.0 : There are four papers in her class.  They are easy to do and she grades pretty easily.  Mason herself is really nice and will go out of her way to help you.  She sees herself as a friend to her students.
5.0 : Best Professor I've ever had. Makes you feel like everything that comes out of your mouth is the most brilliant thing ever said. She is very clear in what she expects and is amazing with feedback. She is so nice and kind to students and is pretty funny.
5.0 : A fabulous professor. Knows and loves cinema. Loves to teach, and engage students in dialog. Lots of work, but worth it for a lifetime of film enjoyment. This class is a MUST TAKE!!!
4.5 : Professor Meddis made the World Cinema course interesting. Homework consisted of watching video lectures, reading, watching a film, and taking a quiz on blackboard. The work may be a lot, but it's easy. Participation and attendance matters! There are two group project presentations during the semester. Overall, it's an interesting course to take.
5.0 : He's wonderful! He sends out weekly reminders and announcements and is quick with communication overall. I took the class online and his feedback was actually helpful. I really enjoyed his class.
3.5 : He was very unforgiving with grading. I enjoyed his lectures and never felt lost, but he would pick the toughest questions for the quizzes/exams (1 quiz/week) and we would complete them in the last 3 mins of class.  He would also call me out and embarrass me in front of the class asking if i understand and tease one of the kids with a disability.
5.0 : Whiteboard lectures that consist of going through some definitions then going into lots of example problems. Assigns long problem sets. He's well humored and very easy going, although that costs him some  time and we end up cutting some material. As long as you do ALL of the homework and go to office hours, tests and quizzes won't be hard.
5.0 : Awesome teacher super helpful
4.0 : Nice guy, Knows his html and php. Goes over examples and explains well in class. ASK QUESTIONS, he will take the time to go through and show you how to do it. This class in general is very coding intensive, you need to self teach alot / experiment yourself. He is easy going, the course is not.
4.5 : Good professor. Very intelligent on the subject and material taught. As someone mentioned below, asked questions! He's friendly and approachable. Class is tough for a lot of students. Some material is confusing. PHP/HTML/CSS class. Again, lots of self teaching as someone below mentioned. Would recommend him for 207. Read book for the quizzes!
5.0 : Excellent teacher! Has the answers to everything you might ask. Very knowledgeable and friendly. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Really cares about his students and makes sure everyone is on the same page before continuing onto new concepts. Thoroughly answers any questions you may have to make sure you get it. Definitely take him for 207
5.0 : Best Professor ever. Super helpful and motivates everyone to do well. Awesome Professor. One of the best professor George Mason have.
5.0 : Great professor, very nice person. Tough material. Definitely willing to help students. Ask questions. Quiz questions come directly from the text book, so make sure you read. Homework can take a while. Lots of independent research is needed. Students struggled with the exams which were created by course coordinator.  Highly recommend this professor
4.5 : Amazing professor. He helps you when you have any concerns meet you in person or can talk to you via online collaboration. PPT are not great but its from course coordinator so he cant change anything on it. Material itself is hard so don't blame him but ASK question you will get great help. Pay attention in class, work hard. I would take him again.
5.0 : Excellent Professor! Him and his TA are both super friendly and approachable. He really cares about his students and often times stays extra time at his office hours to make sure everyone gets the assignments done. If you do the assignments to understand them and focus on the quizzes you should be fine! Take him! :)
5.0 : Professor Nachawati is one of the few professors at GMU who cares about his students well being and success. I highly recommend taking 207 with him if you want to develop a strong understanding of PHP, html, CSS, &amp; SQL.
5.0 : Professor van dee Wees really knows Taiwan. He made the topic interesting and timely. We had 4 papers in all which he allowed us to choose from a selection of pertainent current even or historical topics. Although there was a lot of reading required you can get by with just skimming through the materials. Attendance &amp; participation were required.
5.0 : Catherine is super sweet. The teaching assistants mainly ran the class but you can tell Catherine is a genuinely nice individual. She asked about concerns with working in the clinic on a weekly basis which was nice- we discussed issues openly in class.
5.0 : Prof. Byrne was a godsend last semester. I was so nervous about this applied course, but she gave really wonderful feedback and was easily available on-site or through e-mail. She genuinely cares about her students and wanted all of us to be successful. This class lead to great experiences that I am able to use for my grad school applications!
5.0 : BEST TA EVER!!!! So sassy, so smart, and so helpful to her students. I was intimidated by her at first but as the semester goes on, you learn how fun and smart she is.
5.0 : I LOVE NOOOOR she's so chilllllll !!! Take her and you won't regret it. It's not an easy A obviously. With any science course, you have to work for your grade. But she's fair and very understanding, she's there to help you succeed. She has some random comments sometimes that are really cute and funny. Chill and knowledgable Lab instructor!!
4.5 : took her online 200 and it was very well organized and easy to follow. she also responds to email quick and always tries to help. There's a lot of material however most of it is quite easy and manageable. Theres two exams which are online and gives study guides, there's also papers, BB discussions and other small assignments. overall easy class
5.0 : This professor is very organized and responds to emails quickly. I would enjoy taking a class from her in person.
5.0 : The assignments for the course consisted of 1 intial paper in which you analyze a news article, 1 group project, 1 quiz, and a paper for the final assignment. Participation is 20% of your grade, so you must show up and talk. The course was enjoyable and not too strenuous. She was an amazing lecturer and cares about her students and trafficking.
5.0 : Loved him!!!!
5.0 : He's a really easy grader and he is a really chill teacher. DEFINITELY take him!! He knows that none of the students are going to major in Bio so he makes the course as easy as he possibly can, and he obviously cares a lot about the topic so he's really knowledgable. He is also really flexible and when you have to do a lab report, he'll help you.
5.0 : Definitely take him! He's great at explaining the material, an easy grader, and made lab fun. I HATE bio but he made it as simple as possible. Lab always ended early too
2.5 : A bit disorganized and instructions were confusing.  He has clear expectations for how graphs are done but doesn't tell you what they are and then marks off.  A lot of homework and has to be turned in on time or no credit. All work is done in groups :(. At the end, he did not respond to multiple emails about grades.
4.0 : He is a good lab instructor, especially for a summer class. He is very clear about assignments, due dates, and understands that this isn't a class for bio majors. If you're having trouble just talk to him, he's pretty flexible. It's a GMU lab so you need the manual and need to go to class but we got out within an hour to hour and half.
4.5 : For a grad student, Mr. B is a pretty cool guy! He definitely likes talking about biology, and will help you understand the labs well enough for you to do them. Just be aware he has a policy for late work that he will explain in class. Labs were not long at all. All the labs were made easy with his help and clarity.
3.0 : She is an extremely sweet lady and a great person.  But unfortunately she just lectures and then gives you three exams and a lot of the info that is emphasized in lecture is not what usually appears on the exams.  I had a hard time in her class.
5.0 : Lab TA for geo 101, she's super easy. You'll pass as long as you show up. She's a very sweet woman and always goes out of her way to help you learn the material. I wish all labs were as easy as hers!
4.0 : She is a really sweet and helpful professor. Her lectures are a little boring but she posts all of her powerpoints on Blackboard. She also gives out extra credit that can boost your score a whole letter grade. There's three multiple choice test for the course and that's it but she gives a study guide for all of them.
5.0 : Professor Kysar was hands down one of the best professors I had. She is always extremely nice when you ask for clarification and she really cares about her students. She gives out tons of easy extra credit and her exams aren't too much of a pain either. Going to class helps but it's OK to skip every now and then. Would highly recommend, easy A!
4.0 : Most people skip her class because she literally uploads all of her ppts on blackboard and she goes over everything in class with a few extra informations. However, she gave us a chance to get an extra credit in class before every exam, which changed my letter grade. It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to attend her class even though it can be really boring.
3.0 : Her lectures are pretty boring, don't really need to show up for class. She gives a detailed study guide for each of her exams. She does give in class extra credits which boost your exam grades sometimes by 10-12 points which is extremely nice! You can also make a concept map to turn in before each exam for 5 points of extra credit.
5.0 : Majd is amazing! The class material was self-explanatory. The class definitely increased my public speaking ability. I took it at 7:30 am and it was still very entertaining and a great interactive class. The homework was usually an outline that you don't really need to do because she doesn't collect them. I would def. reccommend Majd!
5.0 : I had her for entry level Spanish and she is the sweetest teacher I've had at mason! Super helpful and really wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Fantastic professor, she assigns allot of homework but if you do it and understand the class is very easy. Very funny and caring, One of the very best at GMU
5.0 : Fantastic professor! Lots of homework and attendance is a big part of the grade. Also, be prepared to speak Spanish in class and participate. However, she is willing to help you out with anything and is very understanding. If you put in the effort then you will get an A.
5.0 : I love this professor and would highly recommend taking any class you have the chance to take with her! She's caring, sweet, and explains spanish so clearly anyone can get an A from her explanations and practices. It's a very interactive class and you'll def. get to know and work with your classmates every class. She is literally the best!!!!!!!!!!
4.5 : Professor Maccarone is AWESOME and I highly recommend taking entry-level Spanish with her. I went in with a certain level of knowledge that other students in the class didn't have, but she catered to everyone's needs. You frequently get to speak to the people around you in Spanish, which helps enhance your understanding of the language.
5.0 : My first yoga class and I loved it. She really knows her stuff. Relaxing class that helped me through a rough semester. She is respectful of the art of yoga and of her students. Each class you get 5 points, but she allows you to make up 2 classes with an easy paper. 1 short paper and a really easy test.
5.0 : She is a very good teacher! Explains project well. Answers emails on time.
2.5 : This teacher is unclear with directions. She will leave minimal comments on your rough drafts while praising your work, then once you make the corrections and  turn in the final paper she will give you a lower grade than what her comments anticipated and give you a greater amount of feedback on your final paper. You can rewrite but it wastes time.
4.0 : Profssor Rigdon is a good English teacher. She provides good feedback and is there to help you with any concerns or questions. Only criticism I have is that notices for due dates for essays(final or rough) are usually given in less than a week in advance. But fear not! You have been prepared and given enough time to clear confusion. Attend always!
2.5 : Prof. Rigdon is great at getting the class involved in the lecture. lectures aren't super boring or super interesting, but they help you get some of the work done on the papers. That said, her essay assignments tend to be pretty vague, and due dates come with little time to breathe in between.
5.0 : Clear lectures, comprehensive methods of teaching, and fun class activities make up one of the best English class experiences. As a non-native speaker, I looked forward to this class every week. A super helpful and cheerful spirit shows that you she truly cares about her students. You get out what you put in to this class, so be prepared to work.
4.0 : She is super caring and understanding.  Material itself is not the easiest in the world considering its research however she is a fair grader. Attendance is a big part of your grade. I personally never bought the book nor found the need for it.
4.5 : You will have 4 papers based on critiquing research articles, 2 tests, and a final paper (You submit several drafts over the course of the semester). Participation in 20% of your grade &amp; she  takes it seriously. She was passionate and very helpful. She responded to emails quickly. The lectures we a little dry, but then again it is a research class.
5.0 : Our whole class loved Angela! She is so helpful and never made me feel dumb for having so many questions, she made difficult concepts easy to understand. She's so kind and patient and looks young too
5.0 : Angela is an awesome Chem lab professor. I had her this past semester and I would take her again. She is very nice and sweet and will answer all questions clearly. She is a fair grader as compared to the other professors. SHE IS AMAZING! She looks like a student sometimes.
5.0 : Angela is the BEST lab TA! She's so kind and sweet and really tries to help you learn the material, even if your  lecture prof fails you. She is available for help and questions and always responds to emails asap. She was probably the only reason I passed my lecture, she's very knowledgeable and helpful. Wish the rest of the chem dept was like her!
5.0 : Best TA, always helpful, tries to actually make sure you understand before you leave lab. Always answered every dumb question I had. Unfortunately the lab was normalized and dropped my grade, but its the chem dept's fault not hers. She is one of the good ones.
5.0 : She is so cute!! Quizzes by the department are somewhat difficult however, she answers your questions during the lab. She is clear about what she wants out of lab reports. Usually, the lab is painful but this lab was such a relaxed environment cause of her calm demeanor, would definitely recommend her!!!
5.0 : Trust me when I say you will love her. Do whatever you can to take her. She is incredibly helpful and very understanding. She really cares about her students!
4.5 : Take this professor. He gives you a punch list on what to do for your lab reports at the beginning of the semester. If you do what he wants, he will give you good marks.  He grades your ability to grasp key concepts and the big picture, not technical mistakes. The exception is error calculation. Makes sure you get that down.
4.5 : Because of the department, grading on hw and tests is extremely harsh. Rivera as an individual professor isn't bad though.
4.0 : Easy class, really liked the professor. She kept the lectures fairly interesting and was a fair grader. You can miss a class without it ruining your life. Only complaint was that there was a lot of info in powerpoints that was never tested, so I felt like I overstudied. Would take again. Final was optional which was awesome for those who had an A.
4.5 : The teacher is fair, extremely clear and her lectures are straightforward. For a one-credit class, however, she put a lot of reading, many quizzes, and simple homework assignments. Good topics. However, while not complicated, they take a lot of time together. Material is a mix of useful tips and redundant information from prerequisite classes.
5.0 : Very attractive, she is an amazing professor! She is very understanding and explains stuff in detail. Seriously..... take her.
5.0 : She really shows respect for students. Don't be afraid to talk to her because she will listen and try to help
5.0 : Very good teaching. She made a normally boring lecture very itriguing and easy to learn. I looked forward to attending class. I would take her again.
4.0 : 5 writing assignments where you just say your opinion on articles. 3 non cumulative exams that are fairly easy, she gives a lot of time to take them. final group presentation or if youre me and hate presenting, just write the optional final paper instead. final exam is optional. never touched my book and barely went to class, she posts slides on BB
5.0 : Exams are online and only 3/4 count. You can find the answers easily and use the BB notes. You have one 3 page paper that is really easy and that's it. I only went to one class the entire semester (the first one lol) and got an A. She's really cute and sweet too. Highly recommend!
5.0 : One of the best classes I've ever taken! Her in class discussions were really great and I learned a lot in her class. Would definitely take her again.
5.0 : You must work in this class.  There was many group projects.  He only gives two absences and will take off your grade if you miss more.  Overall, interesting class.
5.0 : He has a great personality and his grading is very lenient.  He is always in a good mood in a way that puts you in a good mood as well.  This was the only class I have gotten an A in last semester.  If you do not get an A in this class, you probably weren't meant to come to college.  No textbook needed.
3.0 : Doesn't clearly outline the material for the class, grades were always posted several weeks late (if at all), doesn't give a rubric or specifics about why you received the grade you did. It's not a difficult class by any means, but it's a very subjective class. If you work in the "real world", his teaching materials are not useful. Go 2 Career Svc
5.0 : Most easy going professor I've ever had. He's  accommodating and makes class fun. Pretty easy grading.  It's mostly common sense.
4.0 : Professor Biller made learning about English non-intimidating and non-stressful. I was worried that ENGH 302 would be difficult, but Professor Biller seemed to be an easy grader. Just put in the effort and do your best and you'll get an A. I even turned in things late a few times and he didn't take points off. Take ENGH 302 with him!
5.0 : I took PSYC317 online, and it was an easy A. Discussion posts every week and online Coglabs (these took a bit of time), but the discussion posts were super easy. Prof. Cisler always gave great feedback and emailed back quickly! I would highly recommend.
5.0 : One of the easiest professors I've had for an online class. He gives 2 hrs per quiz with only 25-30 questions each. I haven't studied for any of his tests, just looked at my notes from his powerpoint slides and checked the book for some questions. SUPER EASY A although I don't think I actually learned anything :(
5.0 : I took Dr. Cisler for the online Psyc 317 class. He made the online version of this class a breeze. He was a very easy grader and was always very accessible by email. Tests were so easy, online, and open notes. Discussion board assignments, article reviews, and a handful of labs made for a bunch of easy grades. Great professor, highly recommend.
5.0 : He's super nice! Always responds emails, did not use textbook, only lectures for the online exams. I showed up to every class just because and it was not mandatory.
5.0 : If you are looking for a class where you're actually interested in the stuff and for a fairly easy A, take this guy for GAME 101, You won't regret it. Easy weekly reports where you talk about a game, and group projects define your grade in the class, with a few online quizzes at home.
4.5 : Easy teacher. Gives lectures, he takes attendance so I would recommend going to class. You do not really have to pay attention. Tests are online and there are a few group projects where you have to design and pitch games. Not too challenging but still have to participate.
5.0 : Best Professor I've had at Mason. He has a very awkward, but appealing feel to him. Real cheerful and knows a lot about games. He finds good in all ideas, but really leads you to the best outcome. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : Prof Sweeney is  a BOSS!!! This man knows just about everything about gaming.  The class is fun, easy, and super interesting. But know this- basically your entire grade is based off your games (midterm and final) , so make sure you get a good group.
5.0 : Take him for this class. Its fun and easy. He is super chill and class mostly consists of talking about games.
5.0 : Sanders is new and I am not sure if she will keep teaching but if you do have the option to take her, TAKE HER! Like with any COMM class there will be some busy work but she is a VERY easy grader. If you just do the work and pass it in on time you will get an A/A+. She actually even gave me a break with some last assignments. Easy grader!!! nice :)
5.0 : definitely one of the best in GMU.  She is wonderful prof. Take her for an A or laid back B.
5.0 : Easy teacher. Do your work, and expect nothing less than an A.
5.0 : She creates a great learning environment. Very understanding and gives good feedback to better your communication skills. Highly recommended
4.5 : She's a really nice teacher! If you take her assignments seriously, it is not only rewarding for your grade, but what you take out of the class. She uses themes to encapsulate the curriculum, so the stuff you write in that class really comes from your mind. Not that much use of the textbook, but still rent it in case she adds it in. Great feedback!
5.0 : She's VERY laid-back and gives great feedback. Her assignments aren't too difficult and breaks up project essays into smaller processes which is very helpful for polishing your essay. She is sooo nice and would take her again
5.0 : Loved her so much she's probably one of the most laid back and down to earth teachers i've ever had. Assignments are self explanatory and as long as you follow along to the syllabus you will be fine. She gives great feedback and the in class discussions are really helpful as well. Would take her again forsure.
4.0 : Badra is a very typically "cool" professor. You turn in little in class assignments, most participation. There are 3 essay's/ projects that make up most of your grade, being a good writer, this was easy for me. Plus, you can redo them to better your grade. This is the teacher to take is you are laid back.
5.0 : This is my second time taking her and she is honestly the best professor ever. She actually cares about her students and as long as you do the work you will get an A. Lets you out of class early too. Overall she is the best.
5.0 : Honestly one of the nicest teachers I ever had. She is very lenient and she understands that she's not the only class we're taking. She does not assign a lot of work but when she does it's fairly easy. As long as you take her class seriously then you will do good. Also her class is at night but we have never ended class at 10, she lets us out early
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I have ever taken. Her only goal is for you to get an A and she rarely  gives assignments. All you get are a few papers that are spread throughout the year but broken down and a discussion board once in awhile. She is so nice and as long as you do the work you get an A. Best professor ever
5.0 : Danielle Badra is by far my favorite Professor, she givesive great feedback to all of the assignments, she is very friendly and very good at teaching this class. I have recommended her class to all of my colleagues and am planning on taking another one of her classes next semester.
4.0 : Casey was an amazing lab TA for Biodiversity- and she did great for a class that I didn't find very interesting/found difficult. She understands the nature of the class, and is willing to work with her students. Biodiversity Lab isn't the most fun, but there are interesting aspects (dissections, etc). Study weekly for quizzes, practicals are tough.
5.0 : she was super helpful. provided with extra credit. very easy. a young professor she knows what shes doing
4.0 : SHE THE BEST! Super easy but class was so boring. Just a basic english class. She cures the boredom
5.0 : She's young so she understands the college struggle. Willing to work with you, gives excellent feedback, gives extensions, extra credit. Essays grading policies were clear, class was intellectually stimulating &amp;conversational. She tries to learn everyone's name and she encourages her students to make friends with each other. Great professor, easy A
4.5 : Witty, enthusiastic, very chill professor. Her essays are not bad, and she is not too harsh with her grading. She understands the college struggle. She works to make her classes engaging. She's really great!
4.0 : Since she is a young professor, she understands the college struggle. Will give you plenty of opportunities to improve, and will give great feedback for each submission. You will have to keep up with this class- plenty of discussion board posts, and make sure to include everything she asks for in the big papers. Participate in class and don't skip.
4.0 : Gave extra credit for dressing up for class on Halloween. 'Nuff said.
4.0 : He's a good lecturer and will go over any hw question in detail but, his quizzes are hard. He writes them himself and gives us 8-10min to do 3 short questions. A couple of times, when the whole class didn't finish, he realizes that he made the quiz he made was too long/hard,and doesn't curve. However, he does drop the lowest 2 quiz grades.
5.0 : Casual class. Kind of a pretty "hip" teacher. It's basic music so if you don't know anything, don't be afraid to ask, he's chill. He does challenge you with listening things but it's not too bad, &amp; he'll help you out. He wants you to get an A no matter what so he let's you re-submit homework &amp; such. TAKE HIM.
5.0 : He's a nice man, maybe a little too nice. He's basically giving grades away and giving As to everyone. You can resubmit homework again and again, tests are super easy, mandatory is not necessary, you can do whatever you want in class... The atmosphere is always casual. Easy A, choose him; But if you wanna really learn something, consider again.
4.0 : Syllabus was very specific but laid out by Dr. Piloff... he followed the curriculum that was created but I honestly thought the way he explained it made finance sound so much more interesting. He is the reason I actually decided to switch my major to finance
3.0 : The materials were really interesting as they can be applied to developing a program for health-related purposes. However, the professor is unorganized and does not offer assistance on assignments. If you do ask for it, then he'll try to explain it, but you end up being confused more than ever.
5.0 : Rossheim is cool. Attendance graded so make sure you come to class. lectures can be dry &amp; boring sometimes but at least theres no hw or in class work. Grade is entirely based on attendance &amp; 4 tests (none of them are hard at all, just go over the ppts). The lowest score from the first 3 tests gets replaced w/ the final. theres also extra credit.
5.0 : Lot of homework but overall a good online course. Tests were not too difficult and was able to easily contact professor if necessary. Grading was also very forgiving, you could bomb the homework and still get a 75. Project was tough though. Take him, you'll learn and get a good grade. I didn't put in a ton of effort and came out strong.
3.0 : His lectures are interesting and interactive so you'll def learn a thing or two. When it comes to studying for exams, his PowerPoints were kind of useless in my opinion. I did well by buying the book and reading/outlining every assigned chapter. We didn't get to pick our groups for the group project when I took it. Took attendance every class.
3.0 : Read the whole book line by line
5.0 : I took his BUS 100 and 200 courses. Overall, Pierce is a really great professor. He is a humorous and wise man, and his lectures are interesting and comprehensive. He highly values class activities and global understandings, so his class covers a lot discussions, little games, and stuff like these. Tests are easy, but you have to read the textbook!
4.0 : He can be super awkward. I also don't appreciate that he shows up to class super sick. However I must say his class is always active and entertaining. His homework is easy. Exams are avg, a few unfair questions as you find with most business professors. One group project, you have some class time to work on it
4.5 : This professor is one of the best ones that I had until now in Mason. His class is good and interstring you need to participate and  show to class is an easy A class if you read the textbook and you put a bit of effort
5.0 : While he can be a bit boring at times, Dr. Pierce is a very easy grader and it's really hard not to get a good grade in his class. The hardest thing we've had to do all semester is the group project, and that was only because one of my group members was problematic. Solid professor.
5.0 : The class is an easy B or A if you put in a little effort. You get reading quizzes on blackboard weekly super easy you will almost always get 5/5. One group project, he makes sure you get to know everyone before you choose your groups. The class is super interactive he lets everyone practice up on the boards together.
5.0 : I loved his class. His lectures are funny and interesting. He actively engages the class with discussions. I learned a lot in his class. I would recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : Prof Pierce was ok, midterm and finals can be hard if you did not study. Had one major group project that was chosen by him which can make or break your grade. And TopHat was not used as much as you paid for; basically just for attendance.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at mason. He really engages the class during lectures so it's not boring. He's really nice and VERY knowledgeable. You have weekly online quizzes and blog posts. A midterm and a final. I really suggest taking him!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Pierce is one of the best professors I've had at GMU. He believes that interactive classes are better for the student to actually learn. So he doesn't like computers to be used unless specified. Wish he taught more classes. Definitely recommend every business student takes him.
5.0 : I took BUS 100&amp;200 with Pierce and he is the BEST!! Taking both BUS in the same semester was quite the effort. Both classes have the same grading format: blackboard quizzes,blogs,midterm,final and group proj (which I hate). Group proj was an issue for bus 200 b/c we couldn't choose our own members. Overall, put in effort, read the book and your set
5.0 : He makes class very fun and interactive. HW is really short and brief online multiple choice quizzes on chapters of textbook you are supposed to read. If you show up and pay attention you will do fine. Also two short blogs on blackboard to write and a group project.
5.0 : This is by far my favorite professor at mason. if you have the chance to take him do it. Hes the goat
5.0 : Really good with his teaching style. His powerpoint aren't on blackboard so go to class. You don't have to read the textbook but there are quizzes that require the textbook use. His powerpoint honestly have all the information you need. He laso tells you what will be in the exams. There is a group project so be ready to work with others.
5.0 : Honestly, Pierce was hands down the best professor I had this semester. He makes his lectures very interactive so you don't get too bored. There isn't a lot of homework at all just reading quizzes before class. I highly HIGHLY recommend taking him
4.0 : He is very polite and explains concepts well. To be honest, this was the hardest business foundation course, it was definitely more challenging than I had initially expected. He is very inspirational, and is always willing to help people via email and office hours. He doesn't want anyone to feel like they can't contact him. One of my favorite profs
4.5 : Justin was such a great professor! His class was a lot of fun and I definitely learned a lot. He is a stickler for being prompt to class and won't let you make up the work if you don't turn in the projects on time. If you want to learn more about Adobe products, this is a great class and Justin is a phenomenal teacher!
4.5 : He is very clear and takes time to explain the stuff in an elaborate manner unlike the other TA's. I learnt a lot of stuff from his lab.
4.5 : Easy A, this class. She's very chill and makes public speaking a breeze. Her grading is directly off the syllabus so you just have to make sure your speeches have all the components listed in the book (which isn't hard at all). Students definitely teach the class because she divides us into groups and has us explain sections of the chapters.
3.5 : Natoli followed everything in the book and the direction of the comm department to a T. She's not a hard professor as long as you do all of the work you'll be fine. Honestly, she did everything right and by the book. I found her a little frustrating because of that, she wasn't really teaching, she was just regurgitating everything from the textbook
5.0 : Prof. Davis gives really helpful feed back on drafts and lets you reviseyour first 2 essays for a better grade.  She's younger so she knows how to talk to students and does activities in class.
4.0 : Very chill, she doesn't take attendance and as long as you do the group projects and research paper well, you are golden.  It is pretty easy to miss some classes and still maintain a good grade.  Overall a very nice professor, always understanding if you need help or are running late.  I would take her again.
5.0 : This English class was a lot of fun. Class is really interactive and goes by quickly because she doesn't just lecture. She makes it feel more like a big conversation than an actual class. In general, she is a very nice person and very understanding to anything going on in our life. She's just strict about no cell phones in her class.
5.0 : She was the SWEETEST person ever! The class is NOT difficult at all, only 2 to a few essays and homework through blackboard discussion boards for the most part. She is so helpful and understanding I definitely recommend you take her if you can!!!
4.0 : Class is almost entirely run by students and the group activities that are required. Lots of reading- which should be expected for an English class. Good amount of assignments. Not a harsh grader. Very easy to follow and talk to. Would recommend this professor.
5.0 : Dr. Thomas is very knowledgeable, funny, and clearly cares for his students. Class consisted of 1 midterm project, 1 final project, one final take-home exam, and class participation (No tests or quizzes, which was nice). My one criticism is that he may be the slowest grader that I've ever had in 25 years.
2.5 : Professor Donkina can be difficult to understand at times, and sometimes goes through labs too quickly. Additionally, she is unclear of instructions on due dates and homework assignments. On a more positive note, she responds to emails fairly quickly and is helpful in class if you ask questions.
5.0 : IT 104 is not a very easy class but Professor Donkina helped a lot by answering all of my questions and explaining difficult topics. She replied to emails very quickly and was always available during her office hours. As long as you do your work and ask for help/calcification you'll pass the class.
5.0 : Sahithi is amazing ! Just follow her instructions in class and you can get full marks in IT lab. She allows re-submissions &amp; late submissions if she feels you are putting in efforts to learn. She is very kind. Totally recommended. Even though lab isn't mandatory to attend, just come to lab because it'll be SUPER easy to do the assignment with her.
1.0 : Assignments have very unclear requirements which, when not met, result in many points lost. He is slow to respond to emails, taking days just to give responses that do not help. Late assignments receive zeroes.
4.0 : Fair professor and provides very clear work instructions for the homework and projects expected in this course. Responds to questions in a timely manner and provides clear feedback. Handles the online course very well (most professors don't). If you do the work and pay attention to the lectures, it is an Easy A.
5.0 : The class was fun and educating. Ive learned many new and interesting things from it. Prof. Darquea  is one of the few professors who i believe is actually respectful and earnest to his students, not pretentious. He addresses his students as "dear students" which many may not see as important, but I personally did. This compelled me to do better
5.0 : I took this class online, and I must say it was a great experience. I learned a lot through the given lab assignments, and the project was fun to do. The material of this course was pretty good as well. The teacher was respectful, and usually responds to students through discussion boards and e-mail in less than a day, which is great.
5.0 : Fun class and teaches well especially for those who are not technology savvy. Project and homeworks were easy to understand and enjoyable. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : Great professor, not easy but is great at teaching and respects the students. He is easy to get a hold of and great to discuss things with. Highly recommend taking him.
4.0 : The video lectures are pretty short, helps with completing the lab assignments. Alothough some parts are unclear. Look through the textbook even though the PowerPoints make sense to help with the quizzes. Professor Darquea is a very understanding Professor. I contacted him once and he was very quick to respond to my e-mail. I recommend him!
5.0 : Great Professor. I took this class online and I learned some useful skills that I plan on taking with me in the future and doing future project with.
5.0 : Amazing professor. He is very helpful and his knowledge is outstanding. Would definitely recommend him to anybody who wants to concentrate in Web design
5.0 : I took two classes with Prof. Bernardo. His classes are the most productive ones. Learned a lot, because he posts step by step instructional video that is very helpful. His expectations are very clear, you know what to do from the getgo. I wish he teaches more classes. Definitely the top notch professor.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best BIOL lab instructors I've had. Makes the lab workflow as seamless as possible.
2.0 : Professor Alemi's class was very confusing. He is not the one who actually grades your weekly assignments. For me I had a Ph.D adjunct professor grading my assignments. Alemi's assignments were confusing so points got taken off. You do have the option to redo the assignment. The assignments are 6 pages long, but only worth 10pts(40% of grade).
2.0 : In this class you have to teach yourself. Lectures are not always helpful and most of them are guest speakers, they're great. Both professor and his assistant have a very tough accent and bad english it's hard to understand sometimes. Some topics are very tough but the resources on the web are very helpful. But I learned a lot in this class.
4.0 : Very organized and real-world oriented course. Professor Alemi is knowledgeable and very accessible. The course follows an open format where the text and assignments are freely available online. Assignments and instruction conducive to learning and real world application. Would definitely recommend course and instructor.
4.0 : Professor is always nice and clam. He finds time to clear our doubts. Helps to improve your skill for a job prospective. He is always cool. Gives you Good Grades
4.0 : everything is good to me so far
3.0 : The lecture had good content. The class size was small so everyone helped each other and interactive format of the class made this class fun and easy to learn. Just the technical portion of the class took up some time before getting started.
4.0 : Professor is very helpful .He finds enough time to explain each and everything . And the main thing is he is flexible.
4.0 : Good Professor! Be prepared to come to class and work. Most of the work is conducted while in class. It is still hard stuff
4.0 : I am enjoying learning more about analyzing data and Dr. Alemi is doing a good job of walking us through sql and interpreting the data.
4.0 : You always come out of Prof. Alemi's classes with something. Even though classes are sometimes stressful, but always learn a lot; hands on, practical experience. In this class he is walking us through an actual research project from scratch, from data cleaning, manipulation and analysis to building a predictive model using a huge EHR data.
4.0 : Professor is fair and gives multiple chances to succeed.
5.0 : I hope that professor can go through more assignments during the class
5.0 : If there's been more access to the supplemental material like database,problems which are more diverse,the class focus would be more interesting.
5.0 : Course uses unique teaching style: lectures consist of brief discussion/presentation followed by joint work on the homework assignments. Very helpful, as topics can be practiced with real-time support from the instructor and classmates. Future classes - Would be helpful to have 1 or 2 initial class sessions for covering basic statistics concepts
5.0 : The are few things that I would like to be change for future classes. More lecture as there are limited lectures in class Assignments should be more alien with the lectures. Some of the questions are confusing that needs more clarification. Also, instead of the Midterm final exam a project will be more beneficial using real world examples
5.0 : I am taking him for psych 300 LAB. He is truly amazing. I literally despy anything that looks like math but he explains everything way better than the lecture professor.  And he is a aaa amazing with responding to emails like really fast responder. You won't regret having him for lab!
5.0 : Best professor to have for a morning class. Makes jokes throughout the lecture and really makes sure his students understand the material. Tests were all online and there were pop quizzes instead of daily attendance taken. Highly recommend
5.0 : Ok I never rate professors but I had to rate him. He's the best! He's soo funny and cares about everyone passing with a GOOD GRADE. He explains everything in a way you'll understand and remember the information. 3 exams and final isn't cumulative and he drops the lowest. Definitely take him! If you're not a bum then you're sure to get an A or B!
5.0 : Honestly Ali is one of a kind. He actually wants you to learn. He will make sure you understand the lecture clearly and would repeat anything you say even 5x over and over. I have a great amount of respect for him. By the way, just go to class and you will be perfectly fine. Easy A just as long as you show up. Exams are all online.
5.0 : Hes a nice professor. Lectures are a bit dry but he often makes jokes. Attendance sheets get passed around on random days that could towards grade, but the lowest attendance/pop quiz/exam gets dropped. He doesn't respond to emails in a decent amount of time though.
5.0 : He's cool. He gives lots of chances to do well in the class so there's no reason you shouldn't do well. Kinda hot too.
5.0 : When I say that I love this man, no  really....I love this man LOL. He is such an AMAZING teacher and he absolutely will not move on in class until he is sure that he has answered your question. He is SO funny and it really doesn't hurt that he's also cute. Show up to class, put forth your best effort and he will become your favorite teacher EVER!
5.0 : Cool and hilarious professor! Four exams that are open notes and all you need to do is show up to class for attendance points. His lessons are naturally dry but he definitely helps make it fun to learn.
4.0 : He's super funny. The class itself is boring and kind of difficult, but he makes jokes and doesn't mind answering the same questions over and over again so that we understand the material. He's very patient. A little twitchy and pauses a lot in his explanations, but still very good. You should take him. Plus, he gives extra credit for no reason.
5.0 : I had his 3 hour lecture class and he goes through the lecture quickly, but thoroughly and always welcomes questions whether it's during the lecture or after. He is extremely nice and willing to help. I recommend taking this professor because he tries very hard to help and look out for his students despite it being a difficult course!! 10/10
4.0 : Prof. Momen was the best! Super laid back and chill. Probably one of the easiest classes I've ever taken, I didn't show up half the time and managed to walk away with an A. Tests are all online and all open-book and open-notes (what a lifesaver). His lectures could be a bit dull but he would work in humor when he could. Take social psych with him!
4.0 : Would definitely take him again. Interesting lectures. Gives a review guide as to what to expect for exams (total 4, but he drops one).
5.0 : He's a really chill professor. If I saw his name as an instructor in another class, I would immediately choose it.
4.0 : While there are only four grades (3 exams and a final), the class is not difficult to ace. The material is presented in an organized and fun way.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Four online exams and he drops the lowest grade. Come to class. He takes random attendance. Get the textbook, it helps. Pay attention. You'll learn a lot.
5.0 : I took him for an online class and I highly recommend. He's very clear on what is required and provides excellent exam reviews.
5.0 : Prof. Little strives to make her class enjoyable, you start picking up the information so quickly through games and group chats, you don't even feel like you are "learning" until one day you can have an entirely signed conversation.  She will go out of her way to help you.  She made my first ASL class so much less scary than I thought it would be!
5.0 : Kelly's bright, outgoing personality made learning ASL more than a class; it was an experience. Her fun-filled lectures, jokes, and games made learning so much easier and way more enjoyable. If you're just getting started with ASL, Kelly is definitely the professor for you. She genuinely cares about her students and wants you to succeed. 10/10 Rec.
5.0 : Besides my mother, she is seriously the best woman I know. I looked forward to her class and knew that when I was there it was a safe and encouraging environment. I learned so much more than just a language. I am extremely disappointed she isn't teaching ASL 2 in the fall.
5.0 : Kelly is such a great teacher! She's always there to help you and will give you extra credit or try to help you get a good grade in any way she can. Tests and quizzes aren't that hard, you just have to learn the material, which comes with going to class
5.0 : Kelly Little is an amazing professor and incredibly caring. She goes above and beyond to prepare her students for ASL 2 &amp;3. The syllabus lines everything up and tells you the exact dates for quizzes and when online videos are due. You need to go to class or you won't pass, but class is so much fun you won't even realize you are learning!
5.0 : I took Professor Little's ASL 1 Class Fall 2016 and her ASL 2 class spring 2017. I loved this class so much. Not only did my vocabulary expand but I learned a lot about deaf culture and it is really inspiring. Attendance is mandatory, you're learning ASL everything is visual so coming to class is a must. Prof Little is an awesome instructor!
5.0 : My favorite professor at George Mason University. I have taken EDSE 115 and 116 with her, learned a lot!!! The class is very fun and very engaging. She goes above and beyond the course material to make sure you learn as much ASL as possible. DO YOUR WORK, COME TO CLASS and you will get a good grade.
5.0 : I've taken ASL with a couple of different teachers but she is honestly the best. If you want to learn more signs that aren't on the specific vocab list she will teach you them and won't get annoyed. She made the class extremely fun so you won't even want to miss it. Overall an amazing person and makes each of her students feel important. 10/10
4.0 : Kelly is the bomb. Not only is she hilarious, but she goes out of her way to ensure that each student is on the level they need to be in ASL. I had a different teacher for ASL I and she took time after class to stay and help me be where I needed to be. Easy A, but you have to stay on top of your assignments and practice outside of class.
5.0 : Kelly is a great professor to have to introduce you to ASL. Even if you know nothing about ASL going into the class, you'll learn quickly and have fun. She does a great job of preparing you for the next level of ASL and real-world interactions. She cares about all of her students and will work with you to make sure you benefit from the class.
5.0 : AMAZING professor, I wish I could take Kelly for all of my ASL classes at Mason. It seems work heavy at the start  but the pace only makes you a better signer. I would not be at the level I am today without her wonderful teaching.
3.0 : Very work heavy for a 100 level class. I took this class as an elective just because sign language I wouldn't mind learning but you are taught like everyone wants to become a sign language interpreter in the future (which isnt the case) Shes a nice cool teacher just don't make the mistake of taking this class thinking it will be a easy elective.
5.0 : Mrs. Little is the best ASL professor you could have. Her classes are interesting and informative. She teaches ASL from an extremely user-friendly perspective, allowing students to have a working knowledge of the language and the Deaf culture. Her stories make coming to class in the morning worth it. She is understanding and caring- take her class!
5.0 : Best professor ever! Her style of teaching motivates + excites you to learn. Her passion for ASL radiates through lecture, games, and activities. She treats you with respect and wants you to achieve. I highly advise against missing class, as the content is crucial, but don't worry there is never a dull moment in class! :) Good luck, and have fun!
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. I learned so many life skills and things about the Deaf community. If I could give some tips, i would say practice and the hw will be easy.  Also, I would recommend getting the Deaf community hours done early.
5.0 : She is my favorite professor at Mason. She is really passionate about the Deaf culture and community. Her classes were a lot of fun. I learned a lot of signs in her class. The HW is on a video posting website or some short paper reflections on some videos. She's a great professor, wish she was teaching ASL II next semester though.
5.0 : Professor Cohen brings real life experience to the class which is very insightful for the students. His teaching method is very stimulating due to the fact that its centered around ideas, methods, and skills such as Matlab and inventor that give students an idea of what its like to be an engineer. lastly, he gives great feedback and really cares.
3.0 : He's not bad. There are positives and there are negatives, but overall, he's not that bad. The course itself is easy; there's barely any effort needed. His comments may seem slightly condescending, but It's basically an act to get you to understand how it'd feel to be criticized. He's not the most organized when it comes to grading work though.
4.5 : Seems stressed a lot. He has a lot of quotes that he likes to share. But pretty good teacher.
3.0 : Nice guy. pretty average middle of the road. He looks at tax accounting from the angle of a lawyer not an accountant. Therefore he doesn't really care about number crunching, very much interested in the theory behind random rules. Allows a cheat sheet; could be worse
5.0 : All the way through the midterm so far . Really really cool prof
5.0 : Love Mac. Knowledgeable on his subject, great conversationalist, and is always willing to help. 10/10. His only downfall is making small mistakes when doing examples in recitations and outside of class.
5.0 : Had Mac for Calc 3 recitation in Fall 2016. Definitely knows his stuff, and explains it well to the class. Take him if you are able to.
5.0 : Professor Gallagher is very cool and a great teacher. He makes the material interesting/relatable during his recitation and ties students together considering he himself is a student. He can be funny at times but stays focused and makes sure we understand the information. He grades very quick. Overall I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! Great! Very well organized.  He puts notes up online with beautiful handwriting.
5.0 : Well organized lectures! Give online notes for all lectures. Great teacher!
5.0 : Hands down the best lab professor I have ever taken. Always explains the labs thoroughly before he lets you work on them. Super lenient grader and he's always happy to answer any questions. If you want to get the A, take Keeling.
4.5 : I have never been so inclined to write a  review for a  teacher, but she is the exception. Professor Oakleaf is by far the nicest professor I have had and she is understanding and kind. For Creative Writing, she makes it a workshop course meaning everyone reads everyone's pieces. Take her, I would take it again and her teaching again.
4.0 : Took her for Creative Writing. Lots of workshopping and lots of stories to look over; tends to stay out of conversations and mainly moderates class, letting the students run the workshops and dicussions. Very understanding if you can't meet deadlines, at least in my experience. Trusts students to do their best.
5.0 : Professor Oakleaf was the sweetest professor. She truly believed in students and their work. Her class was structured in a way I truly enjoyed and she really created a creative space for her students to be able to grow in their work. She gave good feedback as well and facilitated great conversations among students which in turn helped us improve.
4.0 : Prof. Oakleaf is incredibly sweet, understanding, and accommodating. Feedback is generally good and useful. Wish she took more control over the workshop discussions in class, because sometimes a real nasty person would take over the discussion without repercussions (except from other students if they spoke up). Overall though, would take her again!
4.0 : Workshops are awesome when the students actually participate, but only a handful really did and there was no measurable way to hold them accountable.  This class shouldn't be open to underclass students.  Way to easy for 4-5 students to take complete control of the class, which is annoying.  Teacher is great and super open with great feedback.
4.0 : Classes are basically run on group discussion, so if you're in a quiet class, it can get pretty boring. Not a good class for people with zero creative writing experience... focuses more on reading/critiquing other peoples' stories than writing your own.
5.0 : Prof. Oakleaf has been my favorite professor so far at Mason.  I took her for ENGH 396 and ENGH 398 and both classes were exceptional. It sucks when nobody participates for workshops, but when they do, it's very fun. A lot of writing and reading, but that helps you out as a writer. If you have to do an art credit, I strongly recommend her class.
5.0 : Professor Albanese is a very nice guy. Everything about this class is fair! You have to work though! You have to write a paper or take a certificate (optional)! There is a group presentation and you can do up to 2 optional extra credit presentations!  He knows the topic well and lectures are good. He has a little accent too but not much.
5.0 : Professor Brown gives good feedback, believes in what he teaches, encourages continuing learning and is inspirational
4.0 : This prof is very passionate about his lecture and attendance does count. You do not need the textbook, everything comes straight off his ppts. There are 2 weekly discussion boards, but they only count on your midterm and final questions. Exams are easy As, and class is very laid back.
5.0 : Dr. Brown is really enthusiastic about this subject and is just an amazing professor. He's caring and provides great feedback on the open note midterm. The final is also open notes. Half the class rarely shows up but he does take attendance. Just follow his powerpoints and you will be fine. No textbook needed.
4.0 : Class is boring. He explains everything clearly and in detail. Most work is done on blackboard which is time consuming. Mid term and final take home. Do the work and you will pass with an A !!!
5.0 : Professor Brown is passionate about you learning. His assignments are so simple. It may seem like a lot of work but its easy work that doesn't take much time. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. His midterm and final are take home. Very laid back guy. Easy grader as long as you try.
4.0 : Exams are on blackboard and can be very content based. Genuinely wants students to succeed so includes a lot of short answers. Interesting topics!
5.0 : Loved this guy. Was meant to have him again this semester for 101, but he was funded to do research and was replaced. Bad decision by the department. Whyte was so much better.
4.5 : Chris is great! Clearly passionate about his topic, class lecture and activities are super intereasting.  Scheduled for 2+ hours on a weekneight so lecture is a slog but readings are very easy. Tons of material covered in class and the first exam was hard, but there's a huge curve and extra credit to bump up grades. Awesome accent.
4.0 : Mr. Whyte is one of the better professors i've had in the politics department. Lectures are really interesting and he runs inclass exercises that are pretty fun. Prepare to go over a huge amount of topics and to read for the test but he also has a really generous grading policy
3.0 : We had three graded assignments plus extra credit. Our first graded assignment was the midterm, and everyone bombed that. He's a pretty harsh grader and he has very specific questions. He was without a doubt a very knowledgeable professor, he knows his stuff. I think his style of teaching and testing made it so you had to stay on your toes.
5.0 : Professor Whyte is very into international affairs and always did a good job linking theories to real world stuff. The two foreign policy simulations were awesome. Tests hard, but all from the textbook or slides. Extra credit was pretty easy.
3.0 : This was the only GOVT class that I haven't enjoyed. Whyte is nice, but the class was subpar. The tests are a bit too focused on the readings, so going to lecture is pretty pointless. The tests aren't difficult, but he seems to be a tough grader. I'm a straight A student and have gotten Bs on both tests so far. He tries, but he fails to keep my atn
4.0 : Easy class. Interesting and he's a nice guy. Lots of reading and tests are based off of articles, not really lecture. Good extra credit assignments. Tests not too hard if you study. Would have liked a paper instead of another test. He can go on tangents a bit but clearly knowledgable. He's def willing to help with advising outside of class.
5.0 : Prof Whyte's a young professor with a  lot of enthusiasm for his subjects, busy and very funny when talking to students outside of lecture. I feel like i was engaged and learned a lot. Theres a lot of article readings but he gave me good feedback on studying after the first exam. The extra credit helped make up for the first test which was hard.
5.0 : Dr Whyte is funny and helpful. This class covered a lot of things that my other IR courses didn't, mostly about new threats and public opnion. He also gave good career addvice outside of class. Grading was harsh on the first test but ok on the next 2. Gave extra credit and made it clear what was needed for an A. I'll be taking 101 with him soon.
5.0 : Lisa Des Jardins is awesome! She is super positive and passionate about what she teaches. I took intro to conservation studies with her and we did have a lot of reading for homework. Also, she was big on coming to class and participation. Overall, she was a great professor. I learned a lot from her class and would love to take her again!
5.0 : A LOT of reading for a lower-level class. There's also 20 hours of community service for one experiential learning credit, which is messed up. I took three other class with 1 experiential learning credit that required less outside work. So this class's outside activities are not ideal for people with jobs, busy schedules. But she is super nice
5.0 : Amazing teacher, really cares about his students and wants everybody to do well. No tests or quizzes, about 7 group assignments and 3 individuals, all fairly simple. Do your best to find 1 or more potential clients before the semester starts and your group will be in good shape. Casual presentations every other week to discuss group progress.
5.0 : Chill guy. A lot of humor. Expectations are realistic. Fair. Sign in sheet is participation, but he's very lenient. He's been a project manager for years so he knows his stuff, he cuts the other crap out. Really easy work, couple assignments, 1 group presentation, couple easy papers, 1 research paper **Open notes tests/quizzes
5.0 : Probably the best professor I have ever had in Mason. He is awesome!
5.0 : Totally agree with the previous review, one of the best professors I've had at GMU by far! Very organized, everything is laid out to you and as long as you can follow directions and do the work, there is no reason for you get get anything less than a B. Make sure to start the writing assignments early because they do take some time to complete.
5.0 : The greatest professor at GMU hands down, he is super nice and funny. He has a lot of real world experience so you know that you will be getting the best feedback for all the work you will be doing, which will mostly be group work. He has reasonable expectations and helps you along the way, the class doesn't week every week, take him, no ragrats!
5.0 : Prof. Anderson is a lovely person and great teacher! Even at 6 hours a week, the class was fun and she kept the energy up. We played fun games to help us learn and activities were a nice combo of Russian and English. She is a pretty easy grader &amp; super helpful if you ever have a question or don't understand. Would take again in a heartbeat!
5.0 : I was terrified on day 1, with 100+ pages readings a week. He said he would force us to do critical thinking. He showed UN jobs where he works for counter terrorism, and the difference between a $60k job and a $150k job was two points about team work and original thinking -- like $90k just for that. But he really taught me to do it. Great prof!
4.0 : Really pleasant to have as a professor! Quite relaxed and is willing to work with students/is flexible. Get ready to read, though! If you don't you'll be lost. He really knows his stuff.
5.0 : Take him! He's a really good professor and knows his stuff. I could go on and on about why you should take him!
5.0 : I took a class about Genocide with him. He's great! He's really knowledgeable and can teach really good.
5.0 : Professor Doug is an amazing teacher. Participation matters in his class so make sure you do the readings. Readings are not boring, he makes you become interested in the readings which will show in class discussion when you speak. Don't skip class. Will not fail you if he sees that you are doing your best to succeed and utilize his office hours.
2.0 : I signed up for this class thinking a 101 conflict course would be a breeze after just getting an A in a level 300 course in the same field.  5 papers, in 5 weeks, first paper due TWO DAYS after the class began.  It took him a week to grade, and the majority of the class got C's.  He seemed pleased.   The syllabus is vague and so is his grading.
4.0 : I took this as a summer class to cover credit for my intel and conflict minors. The class was made up of five 1,000 word papers, one a week. There was a lot of reading, but it was actually pretty interesting. It was a challenging class for sure, not an easy A, but you will learn something. The papers were formidable, but the prof offers rewrites.
5.0 : This guy is everything a professor should be. If you are in S-CAR grad program, try to take every class possible with Doug.
5.0 : This Professor is my personal favorite. Amazing guy. Its work but you learn a ton.
5.0 : He is great! a lot of reading and writing but you will learn a lot!. His lecture is more like discussion and participation is required. He is a very good professor!
5.0 : Very patient.
2.5 : 2 in class writtings about 150 points each. Doesn't follow syllabus  at all! lol  a bit confusing at times but easy class.  4 or 5 presentations but they were every quick. 1 major paper no need for the book.
4.5 : He was super awesome!  TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN.  He made the class extremely easy and fun.  But if you can't present in front of the class, you might want to take a different course entirely because that's 75% of the class.  If he identifies you as a shy person, he'll call you out always.
5.0 : Fun and had a lot of real world stories that related to lessons.
5.0 : One of the best professors i ever had!
5.0 : He is one of the best professors. Lectures are too good. Always try to help students. Motivational. Would like to take his class again.
4.0 : PROFESSOR IS AWESOME AND LENIENT
4.0 : Awesome Professor! You need to take efforts &amp; classes are very informative.
5.0 : He has a really cool way of teaching. Very informative,
5.0 : He's great to have a class with. Please take if you are interested.
5.0 : Delivers the lecture with a lot of passion and mastery of content. Concepts always tuned to current trends. The simple ability for me to pick up any computer architecture paper and basically understand the content with little or no googling  makes my assessment A*. Thank you Dr. Sasan
5.0 : Dr. Sasan is well versed with subject matter. However, I wish he would take more semiconductor courses than Computer architecture ones. Advanced Microprocessors was well taught as well. No complaints about the course. Along with Dr. Homayoun and Dr. Ioannou, Dr. Sasan is one of the best professors at GMU.
5.0 : Professor Sasan is really awesome professor. His knowledge is very profound and deep. You just need to pay attention in his class to gain all knowledge of the course. His class is very intellectually stimulating. I would love to take any courses taught by him that aligns with my specialisation.
5.0 : He is brilliant, hot looking and gives amazing lectures.
5.0 : Avesta sasan is one of the best professor  . His lectures are interesting which develops more interest in the subject . I wish to take all subjects which will be taught by him. He is very kind and friendly. Grading policy is very clear. He is always there to help you with difficulties. Exams are conceptual . Best Professor. I like his teaching.
4.0 : Classes are well organised, with good material. Professor explains every minor detail, dealt in a particular class.
5.0 : Professor is extremely knowledgeable and has very good industrial experience too. He can go to transistor or fabrication level to explain any doubts in depth. His lecture materials include current research topics and he also encourages students to engage in research.  His tests will be not be tricky but it will test your understanding of concepts.
5.0 : GOOD
5.0 : This special topics class was Internet of Things and was a great theory-based class. The homework assignments aren't difficult and coincide with the class material. The exams are more difficult, but he grades fairly and is willing to negotiate. There is one group project worth 40% of your grade, which requires a good amount of time and effort.
5.0 : The professor is good and is very open to feedback. He can be brutally honest at times so he can come off somewhat condescending but he means well. He made class interesting and his lectures are stimulating. He curves (a little too heavily in my opinion at times) so if you put in the work and can grasp the material you can get a B+ to an A easily.
4.0 : Expected practical learning about IoT, instead purely theoretical. At least lectures were informative and the professor was engaging. Grading heavily weighted on one major group presentation and writing assignment. Not extremely difficult, but definitely time consuming. Weekly assignments were to read and review (1 page write-up) IEEE articles.
5.0 : The learning experience was awesome. Looking forward to take up one of his classes again.
5.0 : Doctor Sasan is one of the best professor in the Engineering Department.
4.0 : He's a good lecturer and gives you everything you need if you come to class (you dont really need to do the readings).  There isn't a lot of homework and only two tests/one group project.  Tests are a little hard but would recommend this class
5.0 : Professor Doran is one of the best professors I have ever had. He loves teaching and his main goal is to make sure you learn something from his class. His lectures are interesting and his notes are helpful. I would recommend attending each class because that is how you'll get the best grade. Tests are on what he talks about in class.
4.0 : Really nice guy, tailors the course for each section. 2 exams + final exam + final paper + a few easy homework assignments (completion grade) + participation. The concepts are tough if you are new to Econ but he really helps you if you ask for it and go to office hours! Extra credit offered on tests/general assignments @ end of semester.
4.0 : Professor Doran is a great guy!!  Very easy going, funny, and an easy grader.  Class attendance, is highly recommended as all test material is based on class discussion.    Lectures can be a bit confusing at times.  He goes pretty fast and assumes that you have had prior classes in economics, but he is very willing to use multiple examples.
5.0 : He is a very nice professor, I really love him!
5.0 : The professor facilitated lively, graded fairly, and make everyone to rethink what they thought they knew.
2.5 : If you are not familiar with Econ classes this class will be hard. But the professor give lot of point for trying to answer different questions. I wished there was take home exams or quizzes instead.
3.5 : Very nice professor, Econ is hard but he knows we are not Econ majors so tries to just get us to learn something. I like that the homework is graded for effort and completion rather than correctness since it can be hard. The notes are written on the board and the tests sticks to exactly what he says in class. Gives bonuses and extra credit.
4.5 : Take notes in class, follow the text book, do the hw, and you'll do fine! He's slightly hyperactive so he tends to talk fast, and while in the middle of putting notes on the board he easily moves to the other side of the board, making it a bit scattered and annoying. But he's a really nice guy and puts a lot of effort to help you. Take his class!
3.5 : the class is fairly easy if you show up to class. The tests are heavily loaded with information but they are not that difficult if you pay attention and study.
5.0 : Show up to class, review the content, ask for help, and you'll get an A or B+
4.5 : Professor Doran is extremely passionate about Econ and his excitement for it shows. He understands that not all students are Econ majors and tailors to this. Definitely one of the best professors I've had here at Mason. He makes Econ interesting with his laid back and funny personality. Would recommend to anyone in any major. He is fantastic.
3.5 : This professor is very passionate about Econ, and it shows in his lectures! Even though most students in the class have little experience in econ, he makes the class enjoyable, interesting, and reasonably understandable for non-econ majors. However, his note-taking during lectures on the board can get a little scattered and confusing at times.
3.0 : The tests total are 60%. Be ready to study hard and prepare those tests.
4.5 : A little hyperactive that makes you not want to fall asleep and learn something. Glad I waited to take the course with none other than him
4.0 : He is so passionate about economics that it makes you excited and makes the class a lot better. He is very willing to help you understand the material. As long as you put in the work you will get a good grade.
4.0 : Professor Doran really knows his material and he's passionate about it. He is willing to help all of those who want the help. He even gave us multiple extra credit opportunities throughout the semester. He's also super nice and funny. I would definitely recommend him!
3.5 : Professor Doran is definitely passionate about economics, and it shows. He connects the class topics to current events and encourages discussion, even if the topics are a bit off. Tests are difficult, especially if this is your first Econ class, so make sure to study plenty. Overall, great professor! Take good notes and ask questions!
4.5 : Being that this course is required for my major and having no background in Economics, Professor Doran simplifies the topics so that it is easy to understand. He is always available for help and gives plenty of opportunities for extra credit. Everything he teaches in class is on the exam and homework is given, but is graded on effort.
4.0 : Professor Doran is great! He really wants you to understand the material that you are reading rather than just digest information and spit it back out to him. His main goal is to ensure that you've actually learned something by the end of his course! Not many assignments, so the ones given do count! Gives extra credit! &amp; Responds to email quickly!
5.0 : Nice professor ever!! Even I do not like econ but so glad chose him as my major requirement.
4.0 : Nice Professor. He really want you to learn something by the end of the semester. Helpful. 3 Exam. One essay. Couple  HW.
4.0 : Pay attention and take notes! you will not learn from the readings, you will learn from the lecture. He moves quickly through the material but is very helpful and receptive to questions so attendance in class and the review sessions is definitely recommended. Tests are easy because he curves them a bit, and responds well to the needs of the class.
4.0 : He is a wonderful teacher! The notes you take in class will be the only thing you need to worry about for the test.
4.5 : Fantastic professor-definitely one of my favorites I've had at Mason. The course is challenging, but he works with the students really well and prepares you for success.
5.0 : Colin is super chill and laid back. He makes sure you understand the material and wants everyone to do well. Its impossible to fail as he offers many chances to learn esp after class. Treats you like an adult and not condesending like some professors can be.
4.5 : I adore him. Prof Doran is hilarious. Super animated &amp;quirky. He makes Econ interesting and relevant. Loose teaching style, answers all questions immediately, and more than fair. Very passionate about this stuff and it shows. One warning: he's both brilliant and hyper, so he sometimes blurs through complex subjects really fast and I get lost.
4.5 : Super helpful. Does his best to make sure we understand the material.
5.0 : Colin is awesome. Was super scared to take this class but it's ended up being one of the classes I always look forward to going to. Definitely take him!
4.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER. genuinely cares about his students and wants us all to do well but also makes sure that we're actually learning. keeps topics super up-to-date. if you pay attention and study for exams you'll get an A for sure! gives some homework but its usually just a question or 2 and he gives you full credit as long as you tried.
5.0 : Only downside of this class is a final paper and a final exam. (not either/or) Most students will probably spend so much time writing that they may run out of time to study for the exam.
5.0 : Professor Doran is the best human beings I have ever meet. Very respected and extremely capable of helping students to think critically rather than memorizing facts. Very knowledge and willing to help out students  at all times. Great communicator, lecturer and supper knowledgeable not just in Econ but in other social sciences. Take his class
5.0 : I was nervous about taking ECON, especially b/c I did not have prior experience but I learned SO much from Prof. Doran. He really rocks. He wants everyone to do good in his class and he is more than willing to take extra time to help anyone and everyone out. He's quirky and funny and so smart! Take notes in class and you will be fine on the tests.
3.0 : Can go on some tangents, but otherwise is a fair and easy grader.
5.0 : Professor Doran seeks to give his students the best overview of Economics as they currently stand. He is more than willing to teach beyond the classroom and assist students readily. He keeps himself available via email and is willing to accommodate student needs and personal circumstances. I highly recommend taking his class as he will educate you.
5.0 : Great professor! He teaches the material in simplistic ways so that everyone can understand and will repeat it if needed. Very helpful and accessible outside of class. He gives a lot of extra credit so you have chances to boost your grade. Exams are not too bad, he pretty much lets you know what will be on the exam. Would definitely recommend.
4.0 : He's a smart guy that reads a lot and gives real life examples. His lectures are engaging and he responds to all questions. He wants you to do well and provides practice exams which are super helpful. Be sure to do them a few times and you will get a good grade. Be prepared for weekly assignments (at least if you're taking the summer class).
5.0 : The best professor I had met. His class is very intersting. He try to make every students understand what he say. He will answer your question very patiently. And his note is very helpful.
5.0 : He is amazingly nice and cool, I would definitely take him again! As long as you do the work and show up to class you will for certain pass with a good grade!
5.0 : Prof. Doran actually cares about what he is teaching and makes it fun. He's actually writes on a board instead of using boring powerpoints and gives us really good practice tests - if you do these you will have no problem with the actual test. You learn so much in his class yet the material is easily understandable. Best Econ prof at GMU.
5.0 : Professor Doran might be the best professor i have ever met in Mason. He is so patient for each questions. i will take his class again if i have chance.
4.0 : A very knowledgeable professor who has numerous real world applications of economics that extends from the basic concepts outlined in the course. I found those topics very interesting and it made me enjoy the class a lot more. He's also super approachable and makes the class fun, overall a very nice guy as well as a great professor.
5.0 : Prof. Doran is probably one of the best at GMU. I've taken Rustici and Boudreaux before, yet I find Prof. Doran most helpful. Tests are based on his lecture notes and homework are incorporated in his tests. He want students to succeed and most importantly to learn something new from his class. He provides real-life applications to help you learn.
4.0 : Prof. Doran is really passionate about teaching Economics and not only Economics by itself as opposed to Prof. Rustici and Prof. boudreaux. His exams are exactly what he teaches in the lecture, so attendance is a must. His side notes and "tangents" as he calls them are really informative and makes you think and observe the world around you.
5.0 : Really enjoyed the class as Professor Doran made the material interesting and used current issues to bring relevancy to the information. He really cares that you learn something from the class that you can use in life.
5.0 : very good teacher. He is clear and straight to the point. Makes economics easy. Just show up to class and take notes and you will be ready to pass with good grades.
4.0 : More often than not, it's difficult to come across professors who can utilize their strong knowledge in the material and communicate it well into teaching. Professor Doran is exceptional in this respect; he translates the material into a simplified, easy-to-grasp manner for his students. He's also very accessible outside of the classroom.
5.0 : Really helpful
5.0 : professor is really patient.
5.0 : Good!
5.0 : The best professor I had met.
5.0 : It is easy to get an A.
5.0 : His class is useful. if you work hard, you will easily get a good grade.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER. genuinely cares about his students and wants us all to do well but also makes sure that we're actually learning.
5.0 : His lectures are interesting
5.0 : Very good professor
4.0 : Great professor. I think everyone should take this class. I highly recommend it!
5.0 : Professor Doran is very intelligent. He makes difficult subjects easier to understand for learners. Very dedicated and cares about students. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Very good professor! I highly recommend it.
4.0 : Professor Doran gives great lectures and is a solid choice for any economics course!
4.0 : He really taught the material well especially in a span of a month for a summer course. He made it easy to understand and the lectures were stimulating. Besides for textbook assigned homework, you only really need to have his class notes to study for the exam, so you dont need the textbook much
5.0 : Amazing professor, I learned so much about Economics this semester. The lectures are so informative and so inspirational. This is my all time favorite teacher at Mason. He is so knowledgeable, cool and intellectual. Answers every question and gives students a lot of chances in terms of extra credit. Best teacher ever!!
5.0 : Took him for forensic science and he was very clear, knew his stuff, and was pretty helpful. Although he reads off the PowerPoint slides, he knew what he was talking about and was pretty chill overall. I did not crack open my text book once and got good grades.
5.0 : As long as you show up for class and take notes from the PowerPoint (only have to fill in key words) you will be solid. He was chill and a good professor. Definitely recommend taking him. You don't even need to buy the textbook for this class
3.0 : Professor Weiler is really nice but his syllabus seemed to be a little bit confusing. He put assignments on blackboard to be submitted electronically, but he didn't put them in his syllabus which caused some students to miss their assignments. The summer class is interesting but does require a good amount of studying for the 2 exams.
5.0 : Take him! You won't regret it! He makes the class interesting and fun
4.5 : Currently taking this class online as an art elective, it's super easy. Prof. Ammerman clearly lays out what is required &amp; expected. BB quizzes due every week; a few bigger tests throughout- nothing hard; online textbook is $50. Only negative: must attend 3 concerts and write a short paper for each. I would definitely recommend Prof. Ammerman.
5.0 : great teacher. a lot of work but keep on top of everything and you will get an easy A
5.0 : She is probably one of the best professors I have ever had at GMU.  She is upfront about being a tough grader, but she tells you exactly what you need to do to get a good grade.  Attendance is mandatory, but you won't mind because she makes the material very interesting and relevant for her students.  Definitely would recommend!
5.0 : He is super chill and a great professor overall. I would definitely recommend taking him. He gives great feedback and is willing to help in any way possible.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER TO FULFILL COMM REQUIREMENT!!! Super Chill, Interesting Stories and just a cool person overall, don't procrastinate and you will be fine!
4.0 : Prof Christovich is so cool. The class is completely dumb but he is just following the rules of the Comm Dept. Take Comm with him he is a great dude.
4.0 : Second time taking 106 and it was with him. I gotta say that he was not half bad. I put in the time and got a B+. I don't blame him though. It's the stupid rubric as well as the insane weight of each quiz/exam. Very possible to get an A- just have to wrap your head around Java and problem solving as well as make an effort
5.0 : Highly recommend taking this class with Michak. He really understands the concepts inside and out. You can ask him as many questions as you like and he has an answer. The grading rubric is really tough and most students have to take the class at least once. Keep writing and practice all the examples. That is how I learned best. Not an easy class.
5.0 : Great teacher, not much else to say. Would highly recommend taking his class.  However, be ready to work really hard for your grade. IT106 is  designed to demoralize you as the TA's take points off for anything and everything. Overly complicated homework that should be broken into smaller portions and steps to ease students into new topics.
5.0 : I was told many people fail this class first time. But I passed thanks to him with an A. You still have to show up for every class or he can't help. Labs are very important, DO NOT SKIP!
5.0 : He knows how to explain the material and will always be there if you need any extra help. Unfortunately the course criteria is dictated by bono so cant blame him for the tests and grading criteria. if you take 106 with him You will definitely pass the class the first time and with a very good grade, just attend all the lectures
5.0 : Great professor, can relate to his students, good communicator, very calming for a course that is challenging. If you have to take IT 106, definitely take this professor, he will assist you and is very respectful to all students.  He won't get upset if you don't know the material, he does his best to help everyone in the class.
4.0 : Professor Michak is very laid back and easy going. He does care for his students and is willing to help you if you don't understand something. The IT 106 course itself is very tough. The midterm is 25% and the final is 35%. 2 quizzes each worth 15%. And 10 homework assignments each worth 1%.
4.0 : Professor Fernandez was AMAZEBALLS!  She knows her stuff, is organized, and just great overall.  There are 2 lengthy papers due and I strongly suggest getting someone to edit them for you.  One group project that was super easy.  All the assignments were pretty enjoyable and I loved how the class was mostly discussion based.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER!
5.0 : An expert in her field, which certainly comes across in her lectures. We watch a lot of videos pertaining to the subject material which helps expand understanding. There's a lot of interactive activities  in class, so I would recommend not taking it very early in the morning or late at night.
5.0 : Great class. Mainly papers. Fairly strict grader but will work with you to improve your writing.
5.0 : Jackie is pretty chill. This was a 9am class, and she managed to make it pretty engaging. She has a kind of corny/dry sense of humor, which was cool. She is also one of the debate coaches, so really smart. Lectures were usually interesting and she uses a lot of video examples. I learned a ton from this class, and there were no tests - only papers.
5.0 : Jackie is the kindest professor that I have ever taken. She cares about people actually learning from her class, so if you care and participate you will get an A in her class. But, I promise you will learn more than you would have expected. I got more out of this class than any of the other classes I took this semester.
5.0 : Jackie was a great professor. I added this class to my schedule last minute because I needed an elective, but this ended up being one of my favorite classes.
5.0 : Jackie is an amazing teacher. You will learn a lot in her class, and will probably not hate yourself too much. She is a debate coach, so very smart. She respects peoples opinions, and doesn't care if you don't know things like who the president of Syria is or where Utah is.
5.0 : Just finished Jackie's Media Theory class. She made the material really engaging. I told her about another class I was having trouble with, and she set up times for us to meet to help me. She seriously is awesome. Her exams were all open book, but they were pretty difficult - but she offers a ton of extra credit. Lectures were always great!! 12/10
5.0 : She made class fun and exciting. Every week there is a short one page paper due, so beware of those because they add up points. Tests were open book. Would take again!
5.0 : Really good professor, good at giving lectures and is very specific  and clear with instructions. Also extremely nice!
4.5 : Really nice and accommodating. Course work isn't difficult but you do need to try.
5.0 : She was great! Very helpful and is willing to work with you if you turn in something late. You'll like her a lot
5.0 : She's a great lecturer and clear with her expectations. She is always willing to help out her students when they have questions, and is very approachable. Do your work, attend, participate, and you will do well. She won't sugar coat anything, offers great constructive criticism, and is to the point with the material which is something I like.
5.0 : Class is mainly busy work but it's easy. Professor Moore was awesome. The powerpoints are usually like 50+ slides but she would sum them up in like 5. No tests but there 3 presentations. 1 group and 2 solo ones. There is in class work so you kinda have to be there but it's all easy . If you can, take the class with Professor Moore.
5.0 : Interesting class, adorable teacher. Ideal for those who want to experiment trying to find their niche in art (favorite mediums, styles, ect.).
5.0 : Nance is the most incredible professor I have ever had at Mason. She is kind hearted, caring, interesting, and truly cares about her students. We had about 5 papers and one large project overall, no exams. She gives great feedback and it a pleasure to work with. She does take attendance, so I suggest going to class and staying.
5.0 : Makes class fun. He was always happy and made silly comments that would get the class laughing. The class was easy, but there is a lot of reading and writing. But, it's and English class people what do you expect? He grades papers tough BUT he will give you tons of feed back and very easy to get a hold of. FUNNY, EASY, HELPFUL,EFFECTIVE, take him!
5.0 : He's by far one of the best IT professors at GMU. He makes things comprehensive and he also will answer questions about the class and about the field. He cares about the success of his students and that they truly understand the material. Anyone with the opportunity to take him should.
5.0 : I actually liked the class more than I thought I would. Great lectures. Dr. Doyle is willing to help, though he has a weird sense of humor that I can relate.  At very least, do: -Read the materials before each class. -Take notes during lectures, ask questions. There are in-class quizzes (pretty easy). -Complete all homework assignments.   Good luck
5.0 : Doyle is an amazing  Professor! He is a very chill man. He doesn't belittle his students, he respects his students and understands their level of intelligence. Willing to give context off lecture in order to ensure his students thoroughly the content. Since he works in the field of Info Sec he is very attuned with the industry. Class isn't hard.
5.0 : One of the best Professor at Mason. He only started teaching at Mason for a few years but much better because he is young and understand the struggles students been through. Prof. Doyle is knowledgeable, and willing to help you with all the issues (in-class, real life, or grading problem). Mason need more Professors like this. Take him &amp; get an "A"
5.0 : He is a great professor. This class is also one of the best courses in the INFS concentration. You will learn a lot from him. Lots of relevant content that is up-to-date as well. Doyle is a solid choice.
5.0 : Professor Doyle is a great professor. His lectures are engaging and he encourages participation from students through discussions and explains the material very well. He cares about his students and wants them to do well in classes, and the way he teaches the class reflects that. He also teaches useful skills that are useful beyond the class.
2.5 : Will help if you ask for help. But for a technical writer, Lawrence is not very technical and clear when giving instructions. Directions for assignments are confusing until you ask for clarity. Literally had to go to EVERY class. Homework due for pretty much every class. Super attractive, but as far as teaching goes, AVOID!!
5.0 : The professor is really knowledgeable and does an excellent job at lecturing the course material. All of the assignments are clear and there is no mystery behind the purpose of each. She does enjoy assigning a LOT of group work. So, if that's not your thing you may want to avoid it.
5.0 : First of all, amazingly structured class.  Expect fair amount of reading ( worth it ) on technical writing and genres.  Her LinkedIn workshop assignment was a gem.  I was also able to write a great resume which I saw significant increase in getting contacted from the place I applied.  Take this class with her,  she is a good teacher.
5.0 : Very structured and organized. Her class required a great deal of time for both reading and writing. She is very, very understanding and personable, and this alone made her one of the best professors I have had. If you are an adult student who has a wide range of priorities, I would take a class with Dr. Lawrence. Stay on top of the work!
3.0 : Very difficult class, lots of homework. Test and quiz heavy. He tries his best to help you but it is a tough subject to understand. I went to office hours every week and still had trouble. Data Analysis take up a lot of time. Good person, terrible class.
5.0 : I was bit skeptical when I didn't see professor Lewis on ratemyprofessor before I started on my stat250 class during fall semester. However, I was the lucky one because he was very patient with the student, taught well and material in the class was explained very well. I highly recommend him. 2 tests, 4 quizes, lots of hw and 4 data analyst.
5.0 : Wonderful professor. Professor Lewis is really funny, laid back, and does a great job at explaining each chapter. I found this class to be very straight forward and he was very helpful whenever I had any questions or didn't understand something.  I would definitely recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : Absolutely LOVED Professor Lewis! Great professor and really enthusiastic about his class. The stat department is a joke and Professor Lewis realizes this and does everything he can to help his students out. Would absolutely take him again.
5.0 : Best professor, no need to attend class except when we have quizzes and tests, really fun class, talks a lot so class ends at 10pm, sometimes does homework in class to help us with any questions, he gives extra credit, class is hard but it is not because of him, the class in general gets confusing later
2.0 : Most people I hung out with in the class didn't like him. He was kind of rude and didn't care much. He made it clear he didn't care because no one ever showed up...
5.0 : Great professor! Boring subject, and hard for some, but I found he broke down the difficult concepts well and treated everyone with respect. Never condescending, and responsive to me emails.
4.0 : Took her online course.. Personally Only used the book for the quizzes. Class is very well organized and material is fairly easy. Professor is helpful, understanding and flexible. Only way you won't get an A is if you simply don't do the work and follow the guidelines. Everything is straight forward. Take her!
4.5 : Professor Forgione is one of the best online professors in George Mason's Social Work Department. She responded to emails in a timely manner, her assignments were clear and each assignment built on the previous one. The video peer assignment was very helpful for the process and interactive.
5.0 : Renne is not only intellectually stimulating to listen to, but is also a very lenient grader. You will learn a lot about literature in this class and likely pass with a high grade. 10/10 would take again.
3.0 : Prof Renne's lectures/group discussions are very in-depth but at the same time casual and interesting. He's a younger prof so he's funny and assigns interesting books/movies. The worst thing about him, though, is his grading. There's only 3 papers assigned but he's a tough grader with feedback that isn't very helpful.
5.0 : Professor Renne gives a lot of good feedback on essays. Is very accessible during office hours, and upon request. Very interesting discussions during class. Gets progressively tough in grading as you learn new information and gives feedback. Overall an outstanding professor, a pleasure to have him.
5.0 : Professor Renne is awesome! I would totally recommend for you to take his class. English 101 was very focused on the aspect of the 90s. His lectures are very in-depth and informative but not boring. He gives detailed feedback which is very helpful. He's great!
3.0 : Professor Renee came into our ENGH 201 class almost a month after the semester had started bc our original professor had health issues. He is very cute, which makes class discussions very easy on everyone. With that being said, you have to rent/buy way too many books and the 2 essays make up a very large part of the final grade.
5.0 : Professor Renne came into our class a few weeks into the semester because our other professor was having health problems. He's funny, and he's good at facilitating discussion about what we're reading. He gives good feedback and is accessible in and out of class. He's one of my favorite professors and I would definitely take another class of his
4.0 : Prof Renne is super nice. He was respectful and encouraging of everyone in the class. His feedback is great and definitely helped me to improve my writing, but I did feel like I could've used a bit more constructive criticism. Looks vaguely like Chris Pine (idk maybe it's just me). The class was fun and an easy A. Take him!
5.0 : Through out the semester we read about 5 books which is expected. We had two big papers about five pages each. His lectures are interesting and gives you a better insight on the book that's being discussed.
5.0 : Approachable
3.5 : He was my TA for my stat psych course. He is very chill. If you show up to lab and do your assignments, which are pretty much a completion grade you are very likely to get an A. When grading papers he can be a little nitpicky, but other than that great TA and soon to be professor. He makes stats very doable.
5.0 : Just show up to his class and write a response paper on a issue. Super easy! I ended up doing well in this class without putting immense effort! Also, you get learn about ghosts and serial killers so the content is pretty interesting!
5.0 : Show up to class and write a response paper based on the reading that you were assigned. Be sure to participate in class here and there because he marks down participation points. You also have a couple of papers to write but it's not too bad. The professor himself is cool and funny at times.
5.0 : Professor McGuinness is extremely smart and funny. You have readings (10-20 pages) every class that you have to write a paragraph to a page about and a couple of actual papers. PARTICIPATION MATTERS!!! If you do the assignments &amp; show up to class you'll get an A. The content was cool and I think he's really attractive. Highly recommend his class!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable instructor. Brought in outside material to make class interesting.
5.0 : Great class, interesting material. Real laid back guy and you can tell he's interested in the material himself, which makes paying attention to lectures easy. Typically there's a reading response every class for minimal points so it's important to do the reading/come to class but the books are interesting so it isn't bad. Would take again.
5.0 : Learned a lot of new things. Great class.
5.0 : Professor is cool and the books we read are actually really good. A couple of book reviews and in class response papers every class, that are very easy. You won't be disappointed if you take this class. I had a blast and I learned a lot! Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Great professor, do all your best and  you will not be disappointed with your grades. There are no exams only papers, which was great.
5.0 : Awesome professor! She is VERY understanding and gives out great study guides. If you stay up-to-date on all the assignments and discussions, there is no reason you should walk away with anything other than an A. Would take again!
5.0 : Dr. Wagner is simply awesome, nice, understanding, and tries to make the class fun and interesting. This isn't a hard class, but that doesn't mean you'll get an A without putting in any effort. She encourages class participation and there's  pretty much always group or class activities. 6-8 pg Paper &amp; a group presentation. By no means difficult.
4.5 : This was the easiest classes of all at Mason so far for me. The class is very boring but is really easy. There will be 4 main assignments which are really easy. The professor gives 3 extra credit assignment throughout the semester and u need to do only 1. Never bothered to study and never even skipped the class and still received an A. TAKE HER!!!
3.0 : The course was not very organized, i.e. no guidelines (at first) for papers, etc. but it was his first time teaching the class, so it's forgivable. He's a nice guy, not mean or too tough but pretty blunt (not in a bad way). No tests, just 2 papers. Student slideshows went on forever, though. Overall, I say take it if it fits your schedule.
5.0 : He was an amazing, knowledgeable and very easy going professor.
2.0 : The material was easy at first, but the exams are much harder than the homework. He calls on people randomly to answer questions and the only form of extra credit is to do a problem in front of the class. This is not an easy class for people who have anxiety working in front of others. He does not explain the material very well at all.
3.5 : Homework consists of a lot of reading and listening quizzes.  Attendance is required, only up to 3 skipped classes.  The professor was good, he was funny and cool, but the class was a joke, hardly learned anything.  There is a textbook, but you can pass without even giving the textbook a thought.
4.0 : Professor Weismann can come off as pessimistic, but he is willing to provide assistance to those that seek it. If you're not quite familiar to reading piano music, this course can be difficult. His homework assignments tend to cover the test material pretty well, but he will include questions that may appear complex. Make use of his office hours.
4.0 : Russ is the usual fair of GMU grad student professors.  This course was not an easy A, and he always offered to meet with me outside of class in the library. He graduated from Harvard, so expect that level of education.
5.0 : I stuggled through this class, but Prof. Weisman helped me to get a passing grade. He cares for his students success.
4.0 : He wanted us to call him Russ which made him seem more human.  He would always say that as long as you showed up for class you would pass. I probably got an A for effort!
5.0 : Prof. Russ taught me how to read music, something that I've wanted to do for a long time since I play guitar in my band. His toughest grading is on attendance, so show up! If you show up, he's willing to work with you to get an A, like he did with me by meeting me in Fenwick pretty much every week outside of class for help. He's a phd student
5.0 : Rusty is the best chorale assistant. He rocks. Come back to chorale we miss you. #SitDownYourRockingTheBoat
5.0 : Russ taught me how to read music and met me in the library every week outside of class. No other teacher had been that reachable.
5.0 : This is a course that I elected to take. Prof. Weismann will teach you everything about music. Some will find the course challenging, but if you attend each class and participate, I found it to be rather easy. He's really passionate about what he teaches!
4.0 : Russ helped me to learn how to read music. I struggled a lot in his class, and I went to him for help and he went above other professors in helping me. I ended up with an A somehow. I learned a lot on his class though, not sure that I've used the knowledge since, however!
5.0 : Russell is one of the most well-respected adjunct professors in the School of Music. His vivacious attitude towards educating is infectious and makes every class session a treat. He's an uber-skilled and locally-renowned organist which translates to a simple, yet gentle teaching style of beginner level music theory. By all means, learn from Him.
5.0 : Russ is a doctoral student. He really helped me advance with music history. I enjoyed his classes, although they were pretty long - 3 hours. I'd like to see him complete his degree
4.0 : Prof. Marine is very passionate and wants his students to succeed. Honestly, my writing has improved A LOT.  Few things to consider before taking him.  He gives A LOT of homework.  We did more than 30 papers in his class.  There are random in-class assignments for grades, just like a pop quiz.  It felt like taking 3 classes at once.
5.0 : Easily the most enjoyable class I've taken at Mason. The lectures and class discussion are  interesting and thought-provoking. There's a good deal of reading, and as you might expect, a LOT of writing, but I can't imagine anyone could apply themselves in this class and not come out a better writer for it.
3.0 : Pros: Prof. Jonathan Marine will improve your writing.  He is there to help and gives good feedback.  He will challenge you to critically think and you will improve on that (Guarantee it).  You will become a better writer.  Cons: Extremely tough grader. Did more than 28 papers in his class.  His course work seems like I was taking 2 classes.
5.0 : By far the best professor. Prof Marine will make feel coming to class always. fair grade and you earn grade by your hard work. Do all the class work and your A is guaranteed. Very caring Professor, mentor and educator. Will take him again and again.
5.0 : Loved this professor! He does assign a lot of papers, but this is an advanced English class so its to be expected. He's so funny and very approachable, would take again!
4.0 : This was a really tough class because of the workload.  To give you an idea, I wrote around twenty essays for this class.  Sometimes it felt like two classes.  But Professor  Marine was excellent.  Very engaging, respectful and encouraging of classroom discussion and participation.  The deadlines were always reasonable.  Great experience.
4.0 : IF YOU WORK AND GO TO SCHOOL AT THE SAME TIME, DON'T TAKE PROF MARINE. HE GIVES SO MUCH HOMEWORK THAT YOU WOULD THINK YOU ARE TAKING 3 CLASSES AT ONCE. HE IS A TOUGH GRADER AND GIVES 2 TO 3 PAPERS TO WRITE PER WEEK LIKE SERIOUSLY.
5.0 : I haven't had a professor as good as Marine since having him. The course was writing heavy but Marine is a fair professor and super helpful. I came out of the course a much better writer and am now super critical of any other English prof. By far the best professor I've ever had, you won't regret taking his class.
5.0 : He cares that his students excel. In order to do this, the class does require a bit of homework- 2 to 3 essays a week, one short one (500 words), one long one (1000). If you have a heavy semester, I wouldn't recommend taking him. But! Otherwise, absolutely do! He is  passionate about what he teaches and it is reflected in his lectures.
5.0 : Very passionate professor. Wants you to improve, do well, and get something worthwhile out of the class. Will have to admit he gives a lot of homework, and many assignments but this is just to help students improve. If you have a heavy semester do not take him, otherwise I really enjoyed his class.
4.0 : Very sweet and knowledgeable professor! Goes exactly by the rubrics and all assignments are almost a guaranteed A. Daily homework from the textbook, but if you do it all you should pass. There was a group project and a speech, but it was simple. Occasionally took attendance. She is very understanding and responds to emails quickly- I recommend Pei!
3.5 : Pei is a wonderful teacher,if you want an easy class. There are no tests expect for the final, which comes right out of her power point. Her power points are 16 slides max, so lectures are short. Homework is one easy worksheet due every other day. I tell everyone who needs this class to take her so they get an A. Very nice and very understanding.
5.0 : She's the best
1.0 : Don't take her. Can barely understand her thick accent. Kind of rude. Way too much busy work.
5.0 : she's so easy going and so sweet. everyone loves her
5.0 : Class was easy to understand. Answers emails super fast.  If you want an A, just show up and do the homework .
5.0 : The workload (A LOT of busy work!) of COMM101 does not vary from teacher to teacher since the course is very structured. The only variance is how easily each professor grades assignments and Professor Pei is a VERY easy grader as long as you follow the textbook guidelines. She is also very nice and responds to emails immediately (literally).
4.0 : Easy grader. In class we wither did group projects or she lectured about the reading we did the night before.
5.0 : Hes a little strange, but in ways that wouldn't deter me from signing up for his class (had a seating chart, smiles at random times, etc).  He has definition quizzes at the beginning of each class, then teaches the material for the day that corresponds to those definitions - it was actually really effective.  Exams were hard, but he curves them.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : Great Professor. Easy class. Never ordered textbook. Used quizlet definitions for each chapter. Quiz at the beginning of each class. Straightforward exams. Got an A in course!
4.0 : He is a great professor, make sure you read the case studies before class. Most of the lectures follow the book but specific question on exam come directly from class room discussions.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. Charismatic and makes you actually want to understand the material. It's a law class, so the reading is fairly dense- but going to lectures makes up for what you don't read. The lectures are long but worth your while. He is quick to respond to emails and really cares about his students- is so kind and sincere.
5.0 : He is a great professor who is excellent at taking the dry subject matter and relaying it in a matter that is easy to understand. He is the only professor for this course, but he has been one of my favorite professors out of all the classes I have taken. Make sure to go over the case studies before class and to take detailed notes.
4.5 : Incredible class. Learned quite a lot in his conf345 class. Material was always interesting and never dull or dry. Loved this class. His assignments were not long, but required you to read a bit. Some weeks more then other. You can get an A if you turn in your assignments on time and do the reading.
4.0 : 1 midterm, 1 final, quiz after EVERY class. drops lowest two quizzes. Ask him for a study guide for the final and the midterm. email him if you need extra help. Some lectures are SUPER boring , but they are important. Get used to the Central limit theorem questions. Look up at least 3 questions from each chapter online.
5.0 : Prof Eckley is a good choice if you aren't a math type of person. He understands we're all taking the class for mason core. In 110 everything is in excel so bring your laptop to class everyday. Doesn't take attendance but definitely go to class because you can't exactly google the things he teaches. And don't get the textbook, we never used it!
5.0 : Proff Doug is a great teacher! He simplifies all the maths because he understands we are only taking the course to complete the mason core. He is extremely patient and will try and find different ways to explain a concept to you even if it takes up time. He is quirky and funny and i would definitely take his class if you want to score well in math
5.0 : Professor Eckley is an awesome teacher! I struggle with math, but he made the complex excel material easy to learn (make sure to attend every class, it can be difficult to learn excel on your own ). Make sure to use office hours if you need help! Super nice, and if you're lucky he might dance on the last day of class :)
5.0 : The BEST teacher that I have ever had. He made the class interesting, and he's really passionate about the information that he's teaching you. I wish he taught one of the other classes that I'm required to take because I would definitely take him again!
5.0 : You won't regret taking this class. Trust me. He's so passionate about what he teaches and treats all of his students with respect along with their opinions. He's also really laidback and actually engaged me during his lectures which was a 9am class. Just as long as you do the discussion boards, show up to class, and participate you should be good.
5.0 : This is the best teacher at Mason. Too bad he is leaving Mason. He is so cool, teaches well, and everyone loves him. He's also hilarious!
5.0 : One of my absolute favorite professors at GMU! He was hilarious and made the class interesting. It's too bad he's leaving Mason but would recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : I cant say enough how much I loved his class! Not only is he a handsome professor with a man bun (hehe), but his lectures are always insightful and interesting. He is truly an unparalleled professor. I would totally take his courses if I had the chance.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! Take him! You will love him and the class overall. I learned a lot, he's the best!
5.0 : Best professor ever!!
5.0 : Such an amazing professor, so knowledgeable and interesting. If you came ready to learn you will gain sooo much from this class, I truly feel like I benefited so much, the way he teaches the material is incredible. You'll leave this class with a much broader understanding of everything!  I WISH HE TAUGHT MORE CLASSES
5.0 : This professor is awesome!!!! Highly recommend! Hottie!
5.0 : Best professor by far
5.0 : The best ever
5.0 : He is actually firm, inspirational and actually hot!
5.0 : best teacher ever. If you make friends in the class they can mark you down and you can just skip class. He is super cool and i want to be his best friend.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor! I would totally take him again. Participation is pretty important but as long as you say something once in awhile you'll get the points. No textbook required.
5.0 : I took his class last year. Everyone in class loved him. Very knowledgeable and respectful. I highly recommend him.
4.0 : She really tried to make the lecture interesting. The most of the reading material was given via Blackboard and those readings were awful and boring. The textbook/book that we had to read was actually pretty interesting; it was kind of comic book style.
5.0 : The class is Community Engagement for Social change, and Professor Shor was the bomb! She made the class very discussion based without revealing biases. She lets everyone get in on the conversation and was very good at keeping things interesting in class, which is needed when it runs on a Thursday night.
5.0 : I LOVE her. She was really good at explaining the material. For the class I took she didn't require a textbook, but she made us read articles and such on the subject matter. It was really nice that she applied it to real life, it definitely helped me understand it better. If you can take her class, definitely do so. Highly recommend it.
5.0 : This class was a little difficult but as long as you read the textbook, slides, and extra materials you can get an A. Professor Shor is great, she's fair and she responds quickly! This was online but she made it more engaged than face-to-face classes. Would love to have her for all my psych classes!
5.0 : Professor Shor was one of my favorite instructors this semester- She is extremely knowledgeable but is able to be down to earth with her students. One of the nicest teachers I've ever had. Her grading could be tough, but it was always fair and the grading rubric was very clear. Be willing to work hard and think critically and you will learn a lot.
5.0 : He is the best instructor ever. Get ready to read participation matters  accessible out of the class  amazing lecture  extra credit offered  I took this 3 credits course to raise my GPA, meanwhile I learned a lot.
5.0 : Phenomenal professor who genuinely cares about his students.
5.0 : I had to take an extra semester for one class (my adviser told me I had to take foreign language after 2 years of initially telling me I didn't need it). I was really upset about this but honestly professor Valamotamed made the class totally worth it. Very nice and works with you. Just don't skip &amp; take advantage of his niceness. Great professor!
5.0 : Ed is honestly one of the greatest instructors I have ever had, and if it was not for him, I don't think I would have passed my certification exam.  He is inspirational, motivating, and sincerely cares about his students.  He has a unique style that ensures that you will succeed both in and outside of the classroom.  I
5.0 : Amazing instructor; he is totally different than what I have been used to.  He is very creative in his approach and really gets his students to think differently.
5.0 : If you are taking the SHRM-SCP or SHRM-CP exam, you have to take this guy. His students' pass rate is ridiculously high when taking the certification exam. He has a unique approach to making sure you master the content and pass the exam. But, be prepared to be pushed to your limits! He is extremely accessible after the course ends as well.
5.0 : Without a doubt, he is a tough instructor, but well worth taking him.  He will push you out of your comfort zone so that he can help you succeed.  Don't go to his class lazy and tired because you will have to participate.
4.0 : Goes by August Hardy.  Grades exams on a heavy curve.  Doesn't grade homework, but you have to know it to have a shot at the exams.  He is available for extra help, and I highly recommend it because ECON can be tough concepts.  Sometimes I had to read the book in addition to the lecture just to have a chance.
5.0 : She is the best professor of into mason. She cares a lot about her students and she is always willing to help you. If you struggle in english she is the one because the comm 100 is terrible giving feedback. The only reason why i pass comm was because of her i love her best prof ever
4.0 : Chillest professor ever. His teaching style is great and the course helps you branch out academically and professionally. Come prepared to class and ask questions. He will help you out as long as you speak up.
4.0 : This was his first class. Kind of boring lectures but lots of practice problems to apply material. Know the practice problems and power points by heart and you will be ok. Gives extra credit on exams.
4.0 : He is new to teaching, he is a little insecure at times but overall you will learn if you study the material, do the recommended problems, practice his multiple choices questions and study the power points. 4 easy quizzes and a lot of extra credit for an accounting class.I highly recommend prof. Hilert.
5.0 : Studying for the tests felt almost completely ineffective, even when focusing on what he recommended we focus on.  I don't know if its because of the way he taught, or if that is just the nature of cost accounting.  There was a lot of anxiety in preparing for the final because of this.  He tries to be friendly, and is somewhat successful.
5.0 : Professor Herrick is my favorite professor at GMU thus far. He kept the lecture super interesting, and really was open to all questions and insights- I never felt stupid asking ignorant questions. He  hardly ever looks at the powerpoints, and was very accessible online. Old version of the book was fine, and cheap! Written exam, just pay attention.
5.0 : I love this professor! he is extremely passionate about teaching. Lectures are interesting and very interactive. Exams are based on ppt and the book (he allows old versions so you can save a good amount of money). You will definitely enjoy the class! He is funny, knowledgable and plain awesome! :)
4.0 : He gives good lectures but you must read the books he assigned at the beginning of the semester to understand what he is talking about. His homeworks are easy but don't expect the same for your tests. He doesn't give study guides. He gives 3 test each worth 25%, HW is 15% and participation is 10%.
4.0 : The lectures/material is a little hard to follow especially if you do not have a lot of background in Economics, but he is a great professor that cares a lot about the students. He also curves the tests if needed and explains things well if you are confused. I definitely recommend him!
4.0 : Sometimes class was boring but I found the topics to be interesting when I understood them. I read about 1/2 of the assigned reads but never missed class. Pusateri always answers questions and is kind/helpful
4.0 : Very passionate about the subject of Money/Banking, lectures go off 2 textbooks he assigns at the beginning. He's very accessible either via email or in person after class, and always willing to clarify given some concepts are confusing at first. Overall, great experience and wants students to do well. Highly recommend him for 310.
5.0 : He is a cool teacher who really understands his stuff. The class is interesting but many topics are very confusing and I think sometimes he expects his students to know a little more about the topic. He does curve and gives an extra credit opportunity. The HW is graded either pass or fail and all you have to do is try to pass.
5.0 : Pusateri is TERRIFIC.  His lectures are interesting and he is always prepared and very helpful -- always willing to answer questions. Class discussion and participation is welcomed. I wish I could take him for other subjects.
4.0 : Best prof at Mason. Don"t miss this teacher.
5.0 : Best teacher I've  had at Mason.   very helpful and provides assistance at office hours.
5.0 : Best teacher I've  had at Mason.   very helpful and provides assistance at office hours.
5.0 : Best teacher I've  had at Mason.   very helpful and provides assistance at office hours.
5.0 : Best prof ever!!
5.0 : Good teacher. All around nice guy.  Connects with students. Helpful
4.0 : Prof. Parada is a solid choice for AVT 311. He's very laid back and easy to talk to. Very respectful, helps students grow. He only marginally knows the programs. He's there to help &amp; lead, doesn't really lecture much. As long as you follow the simple guidelines and push yourself, you will end up learning. If you don't push yourself, you won't learn
4.0 : Shannon has 10 in-class promts (5 pnts each) which are really easy. She gives out flash cards and you just answer with 1-2  sentences everyday in the beginning of class. 1 reflection paper(15 pnts) which is basically a visit to a courtroom and you write about your observation. 1 take home final (35 pnts) which she gave us a week to do. Easy 100/ A!
5.0 : Wonderful person, and patient teacher. Since this course is taken alongside the internship, she really understands the workload and uses her class as means of support too. She utilizes student centered learning, so participation is big! Be honest when you're having trouble, she's got your back!
2.0 : Really nice guy but also can't teach. The connect homework is hard because we don't learn those concepts in class, so you really need to teach yourself or find someone in another class
4.0 : Professor Gallay is a genuine person who tries his best to help you understand the course material. He has a lot of experience in his field and he enjoys doing what he does. The course work is homework heavy and power point heavy. However do your best, show up to class, complete the assignments, and then study for the exams from the powerpoints
4.0 : Took him over the summer and got an A. Go through the test banks and actually KNOW how to do the problems DON'T memorize! Exams are just like test banks just different numbers. He's not very good at teaching but hes very accessible outside of class.
4.0 : Prof. Gallay is nice and goes into every detail. He's accessible and always willing to help. No surprises on exam. Practice test banks and you will do good.
5.0 : Took Gallay in the summer after not doing well with Pilloff. Great professor and will help you if you don't understand. Very accommodating and so friendly. Would take again. Just do test banks, and you'll do well on the exams
5.0 : Gallay said on day one, "work because you want to not because you have to." If this doesn't speak volumes I don't know what would. He understands this is not an easy subject and makes it very approachable. You need to study to do well but I wish I could take him for every class. Just practice and you won't have to fail like the students in piloffs.
5.0 : I meant to say he works because he wants to not because he has to. So he is there for the students and has an incredible background. I took him during he summer and did very well. He will answer all questions promptly and Justin his TA was super helpful holding review sessions an hour before the tests.
4.0 : Success to this class was laid out in a silver platter and i got a D. I hopefully I can take him again. It's a certain kind of lazy to not do test bank problems. Then there's the lazy on another level to not get through his test and exams with at least a C.  For study groups, especially for his class . I'd also say just skip the lectures, do tetsb
2.0 : I want to start off by saying I am a good student and work hard. He is too worried about people cheating in his class so he doesn't show how to work problems out. He also won't give you practice problems outside of the three HW questions you get per chapter. You have to teach yourself everything. AVOID
5.0 : He's a really nice guy and extremely intelligent. He definitely knows what he is talking about. His lectures can be a bit boring and class attendance isn't required. There is one group project with a presentation at the end of the semester, which is easy. Two exams, midterm and final, both are open notes/laptop.
5.0 : Amazing professor. You have to do the test banks, and the practice quizzes to pass. He will help you in every possible way. Don't need to attend lectures. Make sure you understand TVM 1&amp;2. 1000 times better than Pilloff form my POV!
5.0 : The key to success in this class is literally laid out for you. You just have to take the initiative and try. I took this course over the summer I never went to class, only worked on the test banks. If you know HOW to do the test banks you will do fine versus people who memorize it. If you put in the effort you will do well. Form study groups!
1.0 : He is the worst professor, I have ever seen in my life. He gives lecture using his slides and he does not solve any of the problem in class. On test he will give you all problems to solve. Be ready to teach yourself, if not don't take him. I will not recommended this professor to anybody.
5.0 : Do not take 321 with anyone else. The course is graded 95% tests and 5% homework. All but the first test are open notes and he gives you everything you need in the powerpoints and homework assignments. Just do the homework and bring it to the test and you'll get a 90+ guaranteed. Probably the easiest yet still interesting/stimulating finance class
4.0 : Professor Gallay isn't the most riveting professor, but he is much better than the rest. His lectures can be a bit dry at times and the so can the content, but I promise he is the best for 321!
1.0 : This was the worst class I've ever taken, I learned nothing useful and wasted my time. Topics we were tested on: skin grafts, flaps, sutures, circle of Willis, de compressive and awake craniotomy - and not in a fun way either. If you don't drink the Kool aid, the professor will fail you. He's an egomaniac good luck
2.0 : This was the worst class I have taken at Mason. He is very condescending and has an unconventional, disorganized, and horrid teaching style. Office hours are an utter waste, just an opportunity for him to brag. I learned nothing related to medicine and he will fail you even if you laugh at his mediocre jokes.   I don't want no mediocre. Do you?
2.0 : Dude was hilarious, I got an A effortless. Yes he picked on some girls but no big deal. The stuff he tried to teach was useless but interesting. He is not afraid to curse in and out of class, so I was cool with that. Exams were easy since I took the time to be friendly to get the questions beforehand. Definitely not hot pepper, sorry man lol.
5.0 : Class was amazing. I came to every class, paid attention for the entirety of the 2 hours, AND remained for office hours just to hear the discussions. Massive evidence to how engaging &amp; interesting Prof made it. 1 of the luckiest picks Ive made. Wish it lasted longer. I usually skip class &amp; learn from the book but would take this again if I could.
5.0 : Best teacher Ive had, male or female. Expresses high respect/enthusiasm towards importance of empowering women. Exam questions include womens rights &amp; trauma care. Class had long discussions of female empowerment &amp; global health. He would be an ideal womens studies Prof &amp; is a devoted international volunteer promoting Womens Rights &amp; education
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Mason in three years. Classes were hilarious and interesting and he usually wore awesome bow ties. Gives free candy if you pay attention and get questions right. Types up study guides for everyone so no surprises on exams. Made me wish I was a doctor. Surprisingly humble saying "trust but verify" but his info was spot on.
5.0 : I have not rate any professor on RMP before but for this class I just couldn't let it go without sharing my experience with other. He is a great human being, very intelligent and and I don't know why he teaches n undergrad school. He should be teaching in Ivy school. Supersmart,caring,respectful, and asset to GMU and overqualify to teach.
5.0 : Lectures were polished and hilarious but the material and exams were no joke. The topics Doc covered were fascinating. He cared about everyone learning especially the ESL students in the class. Exams not tough if you pay attention and follow the study guides that his daughter prints and distributes for free. If Doc taught all year I'd enroll 4sure.
5.0 : He's really good at explaining complicated medical terms so they're understandable. Lectures are cool and cover a lot without being boring. Class was sort of laid-back and not as stressful as chemistry or math, but you still have to pay attention and take good notes because the exams were cumulative. Overall, great class and great teaching.
1.0 : Please beware of this man. He did play favorites, and that is why someone took the time to write all those fake reviews in one sitting. He is a bad teacher. The class was all about himself. Waste of time and money. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.
5.0 : Best. Class. Ever. We learned about how racism, sexism, cultural prejudice, &amp; inadequate interpersonal communication skills can destroy a patient's experience &amp; affect entire families. Prof was calm &amp; confident even w/ totally random questions. Prof was even sympathetic to students claiming difficulty w/ arithmetic &amp; fractions. Class was a 10/10.
5.0 : -The class was interesting and I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in medicine -As long as you pay attention and do the assigned reading you should be able to get a good grade -Attendance and participation is mandatory and heavily reflected gradewise
1.0 : I just posted an honest review of my impressions in the class  and it was taken down so I cant help but think that the professor is behind it. For someone who preached about objectivity he sure is the farthest thing from it. Tbh this guy shouldn't even be part of this website, he isnt a real professor
5.0 : Captivating course taught by a trauma ICU surgeon doctor. Hilarious classes and super smart guy. Class was at a level higher than anything in undergraduate education. Definitely agree with that! So much more than a simple teacher. So much respect for his mission work and dedication. Best inspirational speaker I've even heard. So lucky I enrolled!
5.0 : Amazing lectures. Hilarious. Inspirational. Caring. Accessible outside of class. Extra credit. Clear grading criteria. Respected. Skip class you won't pass. Get ready to read. All of those things describe my experience with this wonderful human who was the BEST I'VE EVER HAD. So understanding, intelligent and wonderful. Loved office hours BESTofall
5.0 : Only human I've seen care this much about student health,well-being &amp; at same time be way too smart for the job. Grading was clear &amp; takehome quizzes had lots xrtracredit. Very interesting/diverse class. Lectures were hilarious &amp; class participation mattered a ton. Exams mult choice &amp; T/F. Super friendly with extra time &amp; help if needed. Thank u!
5.0 : Best teacher I've had or ever even heard of. Somehow he managed 2get a Purple Heart recipient &amp; HIGH RANKING military official to give us an incredible lecture on healthcare &amp; trauma response &amp; had a Dean of GMU personally BAKE US CUPCAKES,for free,all on same day!Was unbelievably caring &amp; gave extensions for France bombing.
2.0 : Byer cares about the students so much he makes sure we give excellent public feedback. I mean he goes above and beyond to keep a positive image despite controversial facts. As a person with lots of free time in his hands he spent countless hours with us after class. He cares very deeply and personally for us behaving in so many ways no others do.
5.0 : Learned cerebrovasc anatomy as it relates 2brain function (awesome), womens rights, acute trauma care, reconstructive surgery, &amp; global, local, &amp; mental health &amp;more. Doc was hilarious &amp; respectful at the same time. Was amazing w extra help &amp; patience w students. Doc is the "MJ" of med edu. No idea how they convinced him 2teach undergrad. lucky me.
5.0 : Dedicated 2 helping everyone reach their potential. Gave the class a new way 2 view medicine /global health. Was tremendously generous w his time &amp; energy &amp; would always stay after class 2 answer questions 4 anyone who wanted 2 learn more. I'm sad this class was over. Never seen a Prof embrace diversity so strongly &amp; really care about me so much.
5.0 : If you pay attention to the clear gradin criteria &amp; LISTEN in class it's not a complicated course. Material was ambitious- missing a day will cost you, but With summer school expect it to be condensed. I had very limited medi background but he goes out of his way to explain things in terms I got, + brought in models and tools to keep it fresh + fun
5.0 : Very caring &amp; thoughtful person. Has a true heart for helping others. Class was intense and you had to memorize equations, do math and make patient outcome /treatment decisions on exams but what do u expect from a surgical global health specialist. Would hold office hours after each class and his wealth of  knowledge exceeds that of mortals like me
5.0 : Prints personalized studyguides covering EVERYTHING u NEEDTO KNOW &amp;/or gives handouts telling u exactly what to know 4exams. Tests are either takehome wDAYS to complete &amp; 50points of extracredit or inclass basedon ALL ofthe above. Will tell u inclass what u need. is inspiring,compassionate &amp; VERY encouraging2ALL. Wishclass lasted ALLyear! Loved It!
5.0 : Women's Rights, Global Health, GCS, Trauma Surgery, ICU Medicine, ICP, CPP, MAP, Mental Health, Suicide Prevention, Neurosurgery, Stroke, Ethics, Carotid Artery disease, Heroes in Medicine &amp; Military Medical History, Amazing Lectures, Promotes Diversity &amp; Scientific Inquiry, Makes Boring Topics Interesting. KEPT MY ATTENTION FULL 2 HOURS. Greatest!
5.0 : Best class at Mason. Luckiest pick I've made in 3 years. WOULD REPEAT FOR NO CREDIT JUST TO LEARN MORE FROM HIM. SUPER hero KNOWLEDGE was ASTOUNDING. Woke up EXCITED for EVERY class. I'm usually not the type of student who even goes to class or listens but lectures were so ENGAGING I couldn't get enough! Easy A because I tried. NEED MORE LIKE HIM!!
5.0 : Best teacher I've had since coming to the US. Thanks for making Mason awesome!!!!
5.0 : Extremely friendly &amp; caring teacher. Most intelligent &amp; Best teacher I've had in 3.5 years. Compassionate &amp; considerate of my problems w my family &amp; personal struggles. Spent extra time with me going over difficult concepts. Made learning fun again. Office hours uber great. Study guides VERY helpful. Class WAY better than expected. Definitely take!
5.0 : Encouraged me to join a "study group" which now include some of my best friends, plus helped me get an A! Gave great feedback &amp; made a special study guide for me for a day of class I missed. Has seen a lot of tragedy / helped in international disaster relief &amp; was very sympathetic to France Terrorism over summer. Great inspiration. Best synthesis.
5.0 : Refreshingly caring humatarian. Exceedingly intelligent &amp; Amazing Lectures. Tried to help people w personal struggles with learning, attention, &amp; success despite the time. No teacher is perfect but this one is the closest I've had. Made lectures fun &amp; hilarious &amp; office hrs super. Study guides free &amp;awesome. Course EXCEEDED my highest expectations!
5.0 : If u aren't a supporter of gender equality &amp; disability rights then don't take this class. If u aren't a fan of embracing diversity u will not agree w the Most caring,intelligent &amp; best teacher I've had. Compassionate &amp;considerate of my probs at home &amp;personal struggles. Extra time spent on difficult concepts &amp; made learning surgical anatomy fun!!!
5.0 : BEST.  CLASS.  ON.  THE.  PLANET.
1.0 : Surprised by the number of awesome reviews considering there were 13 students in his class and at least half hated the class.
1.0 : Taught us the importance of making powerful friends. He was nice enough to explain how that was the way he found this gig! In need of a letter of recommendation? fear not! he will promise to give you one. feeling too smart for the class? please sit back and enjoy the endless movie clips. Who needs to learn when u have a class with the chosen one.
1.0 : Has great difficulty being on time, returning papers with grades, and did a very poor job communicating what little course material he actually decided to cover. Talked very highly about himself for most of class instead.  Talked over guest speakers so rudely it embarrassed the class. Very disappointing course, it could have been a lot of fun.
5.0 : Hands down the best capstone class at Mason. Was awesome &amp; engaging without 2many jokes. He has an exceptional commitment 2student growth. Volunteered his time w/ extra "after-class" office hours. Prof did expect a baseline knowledge level higher than most, but if asked he was always willing 2 "step back" &amp; breakdown complexities in2 bite size bits
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at Mason or my prior college. He is way too intelligent to teach undergrad but I was lucky as heck to be one of his students. I was born in another country but he treated me like family. He is easily the kindest Professor I've ever had. If I wasn't so close to graduating I would change my major to take more classes from him.
5.0 : Awesome class. Unbelievable teacher. Had him over summer &amp; without a 2nd thought he alter HIS schedule in Fall to work w/ me &amp; tutor me &amp; prep me for my grad school interviews (which went great &amp; I was accepted!!). This prof went above &amp; beyond during the class, &amp; even after the class was over he still breaks his back for former students. 10+ stars
5.0 : As long as you do your work, you will most likely get an A. Tests are not difficult as they are open notes. Definitely take this guy.
5.0 : Very nice guy! Since it was a summer class he used a lot of Crash Course World History and other documentaries to fill in the gaps he could not talk about in lecture. Easy lecturer, and he encourages you to participate in group work. Never saw him angry and never was he unclear about a subject. Very smart and awesome guy!
5.0 : His lectures are easy to follow and he draws good and easy to follow examples on the board.  Tests usually follow the examples he draws, so go to class and you'll pass every exam.  This is my second time taking the class and I'd choose this professor over any other any day of the week.  He's nice, smart, and cares about his students.  Take him!!
5.0 : took professor yun over the summer for ECE 301. likes to joke around. tests are essentially homework, so do your homework otherwise you're gonna have a bad time. would recommend others to take him because he a chill professor :)
4.0 : LOL to the chili pepper. Sean is a good guy. Homework amounts to busy work and lectures are monotonous involving copying summaries of the textbook each time he introduces new material but more importantly, he cares that you do well in his class. He isn't the most accessible without office hours. But he seriously curves!
5.0 : This professor is awesome! He doesn't care about attendance (after the first day of class the classroom would be filled with 5-10 students). He extends papers deadlines (there's two of them, basically book reports) and two exams. There are tons of readings but it covers the week, which is good. I would, hands down, take this professor again!
4.0 : Extremely easy professor, 1 major assignment which was explained clearly. Responds to emails at lighting speed (literally no more than 180 seconds). For this being his first class ever, he did really well- it's the kind of class that you could teach yourself from the textbook but it's worth it to show up and get to know the prof.
5.0 : Naglaa is a great professor. She is an expert in Arabic literature and language, and is very connected in the DMV. Her class is great, just be respectful in class and show general class decorum and  you'll stay on her good side. She's an exellent professor and a thoughtful person in general.
5.0 : Excellent professor! I have had Naglaa for 3 of my upper level Arabic classes (330,420, 380) and have gotten A's from her as a non native speaker in a class with proficient native speakers. If you demonstrate willingness, try to speak, good attendance, good homework history you will get nothing less than an A in otherwise challenging courses.
4.0 : Mr. White is not a full time professor. He is HR at a business and teaches one class to reflect his real world experience onto his students. He cares. The class is pointless unless you're a freshman, and my class only had 4 freshman. It's only graded on a 4-5 papers and 2 presentations. He carefully grades wiriting, but if you write well, easy A.
5.0 : Professor White probably will care more about you/your success/your outtake from this class than most other professors. I had to take him as a BUS req but this class is super easy with no final. Group projects important, put some effort into that. Overall I think the class had only a few assignments every few weeks. Lectures are long but good 5/5
4.0 : Professor White is very nice and laid back. He makes it clear that all he wants is for his students to be successful. That being said, lectures are long and boring and I don't think I got much from his class but it was easy with just 6 assignments throughout the semester none of them were hard.
4.0 : Lectures are dry and crammed with material. Any and all material mentioned in the lectures, labs, and textbook can be covered in the exam; she does not give study guides. The two exams are together worth 65% of your grade. Not a bad class, but it could be better.
4.0 : Pretty good professor. I thoroughly enjoy the lectures she gives. Only reason I don't give her a higher score is that I would not recommend this class to those who are not getting a major in Archaeology.
5.0 : Discussion style class based on assigned reading(s) (usually 1-3). Cares about student input and let us run the discussion. Group project was a huge part of the grade, as was a long research paper (due at the end of the semester). Get ready to read, remember to post on the discussion board, actually talk in class. Seems invested in her students.
4.0 : A very interesting class on archaeology with a lot of info in her lectures, but still enjoyable overall! The grades consist of two exams, an essay, a few labs, and attendance. She gives out study guides for the exams and labs are easy and fun! As long as you show up to class and put in the work, you will be fine as she's not a tough grader.
3.0 : Socratic seminars every class. Attendance is mandatory. You must participate. Long research paper due at the end of the semester. Discussion board every week and a 10 minute presentation with a 5 minute Q&amp;A session. Tough grader. Cool class but time consuming. Get ready to read...a lot. Every lecture is derived from the readings.
5.0 : good professor, took him for a summer course so it was very condensed so i cant really give a clear judging, but he is a great professor and a good personality.
4.0 : This PHD student should prepare better for his class in order to avoid students questioning his credibility.   Other than that he is a nice person that I felt at times students took advantage of. His exams are very easy and gives a curve at that.  Do the homework to solidify the material. Highly Recommend! He  literally stops lecture to answer a ?.
5.0 : This guy really knows his java. Pretty sure he said he worked at some company near the school, so he has a lot of experience. Havnt heard a lot about the other java teachers, but while I have had him I have learned a lot. Would 100% recommenced him for 106.
5.0 : Attendance is very important. Babu does his best at explaining the material, he codes in class which is really helpful. This class is not easy especially if you are new to programming so do the homework because it's a way of practicing for the exams. Getting a good score in the midterm, will higher your chances in passing the class.
5.0 : His lectures are amazing, he makes sure you understand what he is talking about with real life examples. The homework he gives does really prepare you for the exams. He won't test you in things you didn't cover in class. Participation matters, and he doesn't take attendance but if you really want a good grade you should attend class.
3.0 : Prof. Fuller is a good professor and tries to explain the material as best he can but economics is not my strong suit so make sure to ask for help.
5.0 : Prof. Fuller is HOT. Literally couldn't focus during the lectures (but it doesn't matter because he bases most of his stuff on the book and posts all of his slides when the week is done) he really cares about economics and uses great examples to explain it to people who don't care so much about economics (like me)
5.0 : Awesome professor. He bases all of his lectures of the book so it's really easy to go back and re-learn a topic if you didn't understand it in class. Quick to respond to emails and quick grader. You only take 4 exams and you have one presentation and then he drops your lowest grade and the end of the semester.
5.0 : If you go to lectures. he outlines exactly what will be on the exams. He bumps your grade half a letter grade just for participation, and also gives an extra credit paper, as well as curve his exams based on the highest score. More than fair, and his lectures are clear and entertaining. A+ professor
5.0 : He's a good person, and good professor. Possible to pass the class without reading the textbook. Clear slides and explanations. Made up of 4 exams (final is cumulative, midterms aren't) and 1 presentation, but he drops the lowest grade, so you don't have to do one of them.
4.0 : He is a really great professor with lots of insight and passion for the topic. Lectures are long, most professors let out early but he takes the whole three hours with one 5 - 10 minute break in the middle. No exams but three assignments that count for your whole grade. Must attend class, he takes roll and requires 24 hour notice to missing class.
5.0 : The lab class was pretty straightforward - he keeps things simple, and does occasional powerpoints prior to lab starts. Read up, quiz before every lab! B/c it is a bio lab, it can get a little confusing, but he is very helpful and answers all of your questions! Take him if you can!
5.0 : Chase is super dope, loves elephants, and never makes us stay for the full three hours which was clutch. Definitely would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Chase is an amazing instructor. He makes the instructions very clear and was kind and helpful throughout the entirety of the semester. He would always let us leave early after finishing lab. His personality is so cute-he is obsessed with elephants and it is hilarious. Definitely recommend, easy A.
5.0 : Chase was a great professor. He was very nice and made the material very easy to understand. If you have any questions with the material, he's always willing to help you out. Overall, do the homework and show up to labs and you should easily get an A. Also he loves elephants and will talk about them for every example he can.
4.0 : Great lab TA! Really helps u understand topics by going over ppt/lab. If ur confused during lab he does help/guide u. Not a harsh grader at all, but u do have to do work: study for his medium quizzes before and answer the lab?s for what it asks for. Easy going. FYI he loves elephants!
3.0 : Douglass is an incredibly intelligent person. However expectations are unrealistic. Fails to give guidance on what needs to be focused on in her weekly assigned readings  of 100-150pgs, &amp; that WILL hurt your overall grade if you miss 1 particular sentence. Discussion is a HUGE element to class; can't skip. One 20 pg research paper! Wish I dropped.
5.0 : Loved her. One of my hardest classes but also one of my most intellectually stimulating. A lot of reading but learn to skim; the only writing was two page long assignments with a presentation and a huge final paper. She is considerate and willing to work with you. Very strict on grammar (even in the paper outline). READ and PARTICIPATE!
4.0 : Her class consisted of 3 reading briefs which had to be a couple pages long, a group presentation and a final paper. The final paper had to be 8-10 pages long. Lectures were just her reading from the slides. Not much interaction with the class. It was her first semester teaching.
4.0 : She was my TA for a class, but I interacted with her far more than I did the professor. I thought she was really nice! She was really approachable and willing to work with the students. I'd take a class fully taught by her if I had the chance.
5.0 : Took this class to be an RA but Christian is a legend!  He really cares about what students seek from the course and how to connect it to life in general.
5.0 : always provides great feedback, highly recommend
4.0 : Syllabus is clear on what to expect in the class. For the papers, as long as you follow the requirements then you should be fine.
4.0 : She's a great professor. The texts that you read in her class are pretty short and easy. Just make sure that you actually participate in her class because that's part of her grading system. Other than that, it's easy! There's only 2 papers in the semester, and they're honestly not bad at all. I would take another class with her.
4.0 : She's cool
4.0 : Professor Maguire is very eccentric, but in a good way. She made the class very fun and always tried to engage the students in discussions. She's very lively and full of energy. She's not a tough grader as long as you put in effort you should pass the class just fine.
5.0 : Professor Smithson is awesome - she's a recent PhD recipient so she's very familiar with the material and often discusses her background with what's being discussed in class. The assignments are straightforward and she's more than willing to help if you aren't on the right track. Super funny and her Kentucky accent makes class entertaining.
5.0 : Dr. Smithson is probably the best communications teacher. I dreaded taking this class, but it turned out being one of my favorite classes because of her. Class can have a lot of work, but it's all easy. She is very sweet and funny, always willing to help her students.
5.0 : If you need to take this class, best professor for it. Shes so sweet and understanding. Very encouraging and helpful. Tests for the readings are not so difficult, very straight to the point
5.0 : The material is very boring and straightforward, but Smithson makes it a little more bearable to talk about with her humor and energy. There are short blackboard quizzes for every chapter, and class is basically just lecture and small activities. There are group and individual speeches/projects. Definitely the best professor to take comm with.
5.0 : -- Speaks for itself, really. But really, this course is awesome. The professor lets you pick how much you want things to weigh towards your grade and you can choose to have 0 tests and quizzes, if you want.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : Awesome new global and community health professor! She has a lot of experience in law and working on capital hill! Tough but fair grader. Loves class participation but she makes everyone feel comfortable! I would definitely take her again!
4.0 : Professor Yamanaka was amazing. She truly cares about her students and their feedback. She grades fairly and is very understanding. She is also super easy to get in touch with outside of class. 100% would recommend
5.0 : there are so many good things I can say about Professor Yamanaka. She is extremely understanding, caring, and super nice! She really cares about her students and wants us all to achieve. The work she gives us is not difficult at all, just time consuming but really interesting stuff. I enjoyed taking her class very much and will take her again!
5.0 : I WISH I WISH I WISH I could take her again! I need a 4-credit class next semester but she only teaches 3-credit. She's an easy grader, super chill in class (she let us joke around, have fun). If social justice is an interest of yours definitely take her! (Along with Scott-Constantine). TAKE HER! You'll learn a lot and it's pretty easy!
5.0 : I love Professor Yamanaka! I took her INTS 375 course which focused on social justice issues. She takes student feedback into account. She knows not everyone likes open forum, so there was a lot of small group work. Short weekly readings w/ a Monday quiz, guest speakers. 2 papers, a group article discussion, &amp; a group project w paper. Take her!
5.0 : Professor &amp; Advisor Yamanaka is so great; for real! she has another class next sesmester, and I may take it. She really pretty too, one pf the hottest teachers i ever had. She's an academic adviser, so thats cool too. Take her class, clear work, clear readings, and you learn a lot about the subject.
1.0 : If you just need the credits to finish up, this class can be an option. But beware, you will feel like you are in kindergarten again. You are expected to read at home and come to class and talk about it. for the price you are paying, this class is no where near worth it. The prof. doesnt have control over the class and isnt creative to any degree
5.0 : Professor Yamanaka is one of the best professors to take for INTS! Being an introvert myself, she helped push me to open up without being overbearing like some other INTS professors. She is incredibly understanding, and I would gladly take another class of hers! I would definitely recommend Professor Yamanaka!
5.0 : I think I will have a good senior project with Professor Hope. He really cares about students and wants you to do your best. He helps improve public speaking skills and really helps you throughout your project progress. Take him, he's really sweet.
4.0 : Come to class and don't be late, he will call you out on it. Easy course, do the assignments each week and get an easy A.
5.0 : This class was super easy, I would recommend taking it online vs going to lecture for 2 hours and 45 minutes. You have two discussion posts every week with an additional short writing assignment. This class is about a month long. The assignments are graded leniently and are posted in a reasonable amount of time. Do the work and you should get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Hope is straightforward &amp; helpful. He mostly lets the presenters for the day talk to us about IT concentrations, but when he does talk he summarizes it in the end. He gives us 4 easy assignments and grading criteria is clear (he does NOT accept late work). 20% of the grade is participation (ask presenters Q's). Be on time! He will call you out
5.0 : Super easy class, just follow the lectures, do the assignments, and the discussion board and you'll be just fine. The course itself helped me out with learning about different concentrations in IT and career searching. The professor is polite and provides good feedback. I would recommend this professor to anyone.
5.0 : Take this professor. Genuinely cares about his students. I'll be taking him for 343 and the two capstone classes.
4.0 : He is very serious about showing up to classes on time and speaking up at the end, but the class itself is extremely easy to do. Show up, do a few assignments, done.
4.0 : Great professor. He gives you homework everyweek which is very easy. There is no midetrm. Only one presentation at the end of the semester and one final exam of 4 questions like essay type. Easy A class. Would highly recommend.
5.0 : She's so cool for a professor, her lectures felt long but entertaining because of the things she would speak about. Her exams were a bit difficult but if you study hard and review, you'll be fine. There was three papers &amp; a final project in the end of the class, wasn't all that bad at all :)
4.0 : She is absolutely chill! Responds to emails, gives great lectures! No need for the book, there was a few papers &amp; a project, but not so bad.
3.0 : Professor Poon has an awesome personality. She tries really hard to be a good teacher, but she does a lot of reading off the slides and the first test was very difficult because she didn't make it clear enough what we were supposed to study. Go to class so you highlight  the important stuff and get a better sense of the material. 2 papers were easy
5.0 : Mrs. Poon is one the best psych professors. she's so passionate about psychology. An avid reader with keen intellectual curiosity, that she radiates in class. She lectures heavy. She has a lot to say. Embrace your self to 80+ PP slides per chapter. She will ask for minute details in exams. Study guides are not that helpful. But, she will stretch u.
5.0 : she's so cool! I had to take her for Child Development class and it went awesome. She assigns two short papers that have to do with articles and also a toy project paper which isn't all that bad. Her lectures give everything that is needed especially for study guides she gives out, take her!
5.0 : T.A.K.E. H.E.R!!! Best teacher!!she knows what she's talking about, makes lectures easy to understand, fun, and engaging. Has 2 articles critiques (not bad) and a project which was fun. Gives study guides for the test (BIG HELP!) drops the lowest test. Highly recommend taking her, you will not regret it!
5.0 : LOVE HER! her lectures were entertaining, show up to the lectures &amp; save her powerpoints for exams! she drops the lowest grade from an exam as well, 2 article critiques were given &amp; a small project.
5.0 : TAKE HER!!! Her grading criteria is super clear and her tests are easy and have extra credit on them. She gives out study guides and thoroughly explains every assignment (there are only a few) and genuinely wants students to do well. She's super helpful, sweet, and understanding. She takes attendance but I don't mind since she's so awesome.
5.0 : Dr. Thomas is so nice, and she's very energetic for an early morning class. Though she talks very fast in her lecture, she cares about her students. Only had two paper assignments, one project, and four tests with the lowest one to be dropped. Take her whenever you have the chance to!
4.0 : Lecture can be a bit boring. the two writing assignments are easy and the project was easy as well, she is very clear about what she expects. The exams can be a little hard so you need to study, because there is short answer question on the exams. she drops the lowest grade and gives attendance/discussion points.
5.0 : Von Fricken is the best!
5.0 : Gives great feedback on assignments and is available for students with help to better understand course material or even for professional development. Not a cake walk but it's an epi class! The assignments all helped us better grasp the material.
3.0 : He is funny and gives great real-life examples, but is an extremely tough grader and very strict. Definitely makes you work for a B. Exams can be tricky. Read the whole text book or else you will be lost. Otherwise, cool guy.
3.0 : Funny teacher and cool to talk to. Willing to help outside of class if you ask for it. He does grade on a tougher scale and makes everyone work hard for the grade. His teaching style is great if your looking to go into further education or career choices, because he will push you like a PhD student.
5.0 : Good deal
2.0 : Professor Storr is knows what she's talking about but her power points are never in line with the reading. She seems to jump around the information.  And the only time she seemed cohesive was when some other professor sat in her class. DO NOT TAKE HER. She's kind, smart, very helpful but I learned more from the text book.
4.0 : Prof. Storr is an excellent professor. She gives great feedback and is passionate about history. Be prepared to read and take quizzes every week. She's very understanding, just email with any concerns.
4.0 : Her class is based around the same assignments: quizzes (every week) and discussion questions on the readings (every week). She gives us two papers throughout the year with one final project along w/ the final exam. The class is work heavy and the lectures can be boring. But, she's a great prof and wants to help you succeed. Lots of books required!
4.0 : Storr was a good professor. Her lectures are very broad, you will need to read the textbook in order to do well on quizzes and tests. Two papers and one final project as well as the final exam. No required attendance but you are graded on participation. Very easy weekly homework. Huge downside is the amount of books needed for the class.
5.0 : Professor Storr was an amazing professor. It is clear that she is passionate about history and want you to do well in her class. Her lectures can get boring sometimes but she can be very funny. There's a quiz every week on the textbook readings but they're not hard. She does offer extra credit and give you extra points on certain assignments.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers ever. Unlike other RELI 235 professors, he covers the major world religions (Buddhism, Hinduism, Christianity, and Islam vs Mayan religion or Dante's Divine Comedy), split 50/50 between religious text and novels tied back to religion. He also makes it super easy to pass with at least B. Funny, dapper, 10/10
5.0 : Professor Strednak Singer is one of the most caring professors there is at GMU. He really opens the class up for discussion and as long as you attend the class, read the books, and write the papers... you will do well in the class. Most likely with an A. Just have to put in the effort.
5.0 : He is an absolute darling. So funny and caring. His books were inspiring and eye opening. He always gave me good feedback. Looked forward to this class ALL THE TIME. He is such a passionate and brilliant professors and forms great connections with students. Learned so much about life and religion.  Very attractive as well.
5.0 : There were two exams and a final, as long as you took notes and read the material you'll get a B or and A. He is very funny and very honest about the good and bad of religions and is more than happy to meet you outside of class to discuss the material further or just answer any questions. I would most definitely choose to have him again!
5.0 : Very charming and funny! He's very genuine and you can tell that he's passionate about this subject, which made me enjoy his lectures more. He's pretty generous with the extra credit, too.
5.0 : He is the best professor of any class I have ever taken.  Accounting is brutal at this level, and he makes it very manageable.  It always put me in a good mood to remember that he is my professor in this otherwise merciless class.
5.0 : He is absolutely the best Accounting professor at Mason. Tests are hard, just study the ENTIRE in-class chapter notes. He goes above and beyond to help each of his students. Take him if you want to pass this course.
4.0 : this guy is an angel sent from the accounting gods. i am in 332 and all i can think is, i wish he was my professor. don't get me wrong, the class is difficult, but he wants to help. so funny and caring!!! do the work, live your life, pass the class.
5.0 : Great professor!  His lectures are very clear and helpful.  He is funny and humble which makes him an even better instructor.  He inspires me learn to learn, not learn to pass.
5.0 : Best Accounting Professor in Mason, He will invest the time and energy to make sure you succeed, The Materiel is hard so it will require lots of time of studying
5.0 : Greatest prof. ever! Funny, engaging, has the ability to simplify things, and will let you know what to study for (provides SG)! Memorize/understand the lecture notes and HW and you will be golden! His lectures provide a better understanding and interesting accting tidbits. Attendance is mandatory for notes and understanding.
5.0 : He's the man! Does his best to make the lectures engaging, and will go the extra mile to help you understand the material. If I could only take one professor at Mason, it would be Ian Messing.
5.0 : 331 and 332 are the hardest courses in the program regardless of your professor, but Messing is a blessing for the daunting nature of intermediate accounting.  He explains the material very well and is very approachable and accessible; he ensures hope when you may want to cry your eyes out from the sheer density/difficulty of the material.
5.0 : This class is one of the hardest classes at GMU. I strongly recommend getting the text and going over the material(notes given) prior to every class. Instructor Messing is a blessing, he actually wants you to learn/understand the material. All I can say is that he goes above and beyond. Attendance isn't mandatory, but you need to go everyday.
5.0 : 332 with Ian was great! It moved quickly since it was only 5 weeks. He definitely made the class manageable and understood we all have lives outside of class. I would definitely recommend him for 331 or 332 if you see him on Patriotweb! He moves too fast in class but if you go over and review on your own, it makes sense. Btw.. he's cute!
5.0 : Ian is the BEST teacher ever! He makes everything understandable and easy, there is no way to fail the class. He is funny and caring. He is  very accessible outside class and responds to email pretty fast and detailed.  Very inspiring to actually learn the material, not learn to pass. Btw, do not hesitate to show off your algebra skills (lol).
5.0 : Ian is MUST in a lifetime. He makes everything easier to understand and inspires you to learn. I would email him 30 times a day, and would still give me detailed answers fast. Also, he is very funny and smiles all the time, which makes the class very pleasant. He is very caring , and wants everyone to pass. I wish I had him for all my classes :(.
5.0 : Energetic. Smart. Cares about his students. Great teacher and great understanding of material. Recommend.
5.0 : Professor Messing is truly the best person to teach accounting. He is direct and to the point while having an upbeat attitude, making a class that can easily be a drag,  interesting. His note style is basically gold, if you can do the problems on there without  looking back at them you will pass the class.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Accounting is hard, but he makes it sound so easy. It is obvious that he cares about students. Make sure you attend his lectures. Even though this was his first year teaching at Mason, I'm so glad that I took his class.
5.0 : Because this class is only for accounting majors, it gets alot harder than 301/330. You will get notes for each chapter then fill it out in class. Ian doesn't take attendance but i would recommend not skipping this class. Ian was the best professor i had at GMU and i think alot of people would agree. It is his first year but he is amazing
5.0 : Professor Ian is the best of all. He made me love Accounting and he was able to go the extra miles to help students. Accounting 331 is a though class, so come to class and you will not regret it. Best professor in the Accounting Department.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Accounting is hard, but he makes it sound so easy. Make sure you attend his lectures. Even though this was his first year teaching at Mason, I'm so glad that I took his class.
5.0 : I  look forward to going to class &amp; he made me realize why I enjoyed Accounting in the first place after all my tax &amp; accounting info system professors made me hate it. Plus he's really cute &amp; hilarious. Know the packets like the back of your hand, you'll be ok. he makes himself available to you for any questions. im gonna miss him next semester :(
5.0 : *** Messing is amazing!*** Do you want to finally truly learn accounting and get an A? here are the steps: 1- Re do the notes to a point where you know every single bullet. 2- For the long problems, just follow his advices. 3- Don't miss his class. Messing is the best GMU acc professor! Trust me.
5.0 : yes to all of this. my dude professor messing knows how to teach. you gotta work like crazy but he wants to help. first acc't professor at gmu who's class i enjoyed. other professors could learn from him. just cus this aint a walk in the park material, doesnt mean we gotta hate going to class. professor messing changed that. kuddos
5.0 : Really down to earth guy. Understands students have lives and genuinely wants to help. The class consists of tough material, but he teaches it over and over again until everyone in the class understands it. Would take him again.
5.0 : He present material clearly. Its not an easy class. He is the best accounting teacher I ever had. Strongly recommend.
5.0 : Ian's awesome. He makes class fun and interesting, he really cares about his students and he's willing to put the extra work in to see students succeed. I'd take every class with him if I could. Tests/assignments are the same for all 331 sections, difficulty is not because of him. Attendance isn't taken but I suggest going if you want to do well.
5.0 : He is the nicest professors I have had at GMU. It's his first semester teaching this course, but somehow pro manage to get everything under his control. He is really hot compare to all the professors I've had. Attendance is mandatory. You don't need a book for this class. He gives out notes. Three exams, one writting assignment, and Connect HW.
5.0 : Professor Ian is the best!!! He will go above and beyond to help you understand the material and help you prepare for the tests!
5.0 : Ian Messing is the professor what makes me happy to go class. I am an international student, so ACCT 331 is one of the hardest class I've ever done since I entered GMU. However, I could pass this class with nice teaching from Messing. I just want to remind that it is the tough class, do not expect any easy grades. Try hard and you will make it.
5.0 : Because of Professor Messing I have truely learned what Financial Accounting is. He turned a monstrous class into a playful pet.  He always encourages you to ask him questions and ready to help you in person and via email at any time,
3.0 : She's is the best lab TA. She is so sweet and nice to everyone. Super helpful for lab procedure and calculations. She's friendly and easy to talk to. Replies to email quickly. Quizzes are fine if you read the lab manual prior to lab.
3.0 : She is kind of net picky when grading lab reports. She is very keen on sig figs too, so be careful. Other than that, she is fine lab ta. Her quizzes are hard!!!! She provides you the lab calculation formulas right after you finish lab, which is so helpful when doing the actual report.
4.0 : She's the most  chillest and nicest lab TA ever!!!! Take her!!!!  She allows lab partners and helps out with lab calculations too for each lab and simplifies lab procedures as much as possible. She doesn't grade hard at all either. Loved her!!!
5.0 : Instructor Ball really handles chemistry 251 lab really well. She is pretty lenient and will reply back to your emails in a jiffy. She does her best on how to help students with the lab, but remember to follow the chemistry regulations and safety at all times, or you won't be allowed to do the lab. Quizzes aren't bad, just read the lab manual.
5.0 : Haley was a very nice instructor, she is very helpful and is more lenient than other instructor that I have heard which made the lab very interesting.  She is very helpful in answering any questions you have over email, very nice to everyone. Labs are not that hard, just do the required reading and you will be fine with the quizzes and lab reports.
5.0 : This class is no joke. I promise you will actually learn if you show up and are ready to go. Worth the money spent.  Be sure to take good notes during her lectures. You wont be able to just read the book and pass the exams. Have to show up to class.
3.0 : She is a good instructor, but her slide identification on tests (50% of the test grade) is ridiculous. You must memorize every single image throughout roughly 150 pages in the textbook for only 5 identifications on each test. Plus, the small amount of graded assignments means that each one has a significant impact on your grade.
5.0 : Professor Williamson is truly an expert in her field and it makes the class worthwhile. Her knowledge, humor, and enthusiasm made me excited to go to class. We had a midterm, a paper, and a final. She assigns a lot of reading, and it really isn't necessary, but still helpful for reference. Rent the textbooks from the library!!
3.0 : Her lectures are boring but she tries to keep everyone interested. She has two tests, 1 paper, and a final. Her tests are kind of hard, you have to remember a ton of pictures from like 200 pages. Attendance is not required and the textbook is NEEDED to help you with the tests.
5.0 : My absolute favorite professor so far! She makes her lectures entertaining and has a great sense of humor. She truly knows what she's talking about which is something I don't say very often about some of my professors. I would say it was a pretty easy class as long as you show up. Not all the information you need to know is on the power points!
5.0 : This class is hard, for every test ( u have 2 tests, 1 paper and a final) you have about 150 images to memorize. Every 4 weeks you have 1 page describing an object as a homework, it takes 4 mins. She is amazing, she understands that most of us aren't art people. She has 15 pts extra credit at the end. This class actually helped me analyze things
5.0 : The class is enjoyable and the professor is very nice and understanding even if you arent good at speaking. There is alot of writing and talking involved otherwise the exam material was fair and from the textbook. The professor is a inspirational and amazing person. Take her!
5.0 : Professor Hawkins is the best professor ever! She cares about her students and always wants the best for them, literally! She will give people second chances to correct assignments or gives full credit at the beginning of the course, so people can have a chance to get good grades later on! there's a lot of busy work, but it helps in the long run!
5.0 : Katherine is a great professor! She gives great feedback on outlines you write and when you give presentations/speeches. She is a professor who genuinely cares about her students and will do her best to work with you if you're having troubles!
5.0 : She is super nice and helpful!
5.0 : He's a laid-back guy who's been around the block, and does a good job of engaging the class and making what can be dry material more interesting. Two thumbs up.
4.0 : He graded A as 84-100, and he condensed the class down to only 12 weeks instead of 16.  The final questions were a bit ambiguous though, so work hard and grab credit wherever you can so you're sure to get the A.
4.0 : Cool guy, used to work for the CIA and makes jokes during the lectures. This class is kind of one of the easy ones you just gotta get through, so I don't know how he'd be in a more serious one, but he was definitely a fine choice for it. The TA's do most of the grading and they're variable.
4.0 : He was a funny professor and his lectures weren't boring. The class is pretty easy just a couple of short quizzes, 2 papers, and the final. Instead of meeting the 16 weeks he shortened it to about 11 weeks. If you show up to class and do the work on time you will probably end with an A. Overall I'm glad I took this class with him.
4.0 : Haven't learned much in his class because he just talks on and on about really anything but it is super easy to pass. As long as you do the assignments he gives a 95 on everything expect the exam which he actually grades. There are two group projects I had to do and present to the class but they were super easy
5.0 : Great professor. You can tell he really cares.
4.5 : Dr. Fuhrmann is by far my favorite geography instructor. Assignments are very easy, especially if you've already taken a GIS course. Exams are only tough if you don't study or do assignments. He's got a super sick German accent too. Take this man. PS. his name is spelled wrong on this site. It's actually Fuhrmann.
2.0 : Easily the most boring class I took. She's kind and caring but classes are pointless, even though they are mandatory.
5.0 : Liza is easily one of the sweetest professors I've had. She truly cares about what she teaches. The class is easy and so is the work there's just a lot of it.
5.0 : I love Professor Liza! I am not one for public speaking but the activities and the environment of the class she put us in made it so much easier. The material is not hard she explained it well, and if you are going through a hard time and happen to miss an assignment she is so understanding and will let you make it up. Would definitely recommend!
4.0 : Ms. Liza is a nice lady, but can also be a push over. A lot of times she lacked stating due dates. She is forgetful to so would tell wrong due dates but it's all listed on blackboard. Be prepared to write endless papers on useless topics that you have to expand to meet page requirements.
5.0 : You shouldn't pass up the opportunity to learn from someone like Prof Baldanza. He's super smart, kind, and successful and passes on so much to his students. He brings in amazing guest speakers and assigns interesting readings. Weekly reading quizzes, midterm &amp; final exams, problem sets, group case studies. Effort  outcome.
5.0 : The Ex CEO of Spirit Airlines. This guy is amazing. Very chill and easy going, No tests or Papers, extremely knowledgeable, cares about the students, funny at times. Your grade is composed of group projects and assignments. Attendance isn't mandatory but you need to come to class in order to learn and work on graded materials. Take it, Its fun!
5.0 : Great class! Professor Baldanza isn't condescending even with all of his success. Class is entertaining. LOTS of guest speakers- which is great! Homework is group projects, and individual problem sets. Fair/easy grader. Go to class and pay attention. You will do well and learn a lot. No tests and he gives you reading so you don't need to buy a book
5.0 : Wonderful person. Inspiring lectures. Take it while this course is being provided.
5.0 : Wonderful Professor, Wonderfully insightful class. Only homework are question sets and group case studies. No textbook and no tests. Readings aren't necessary, but  are very interesting.
5.0 : Amazing professor with a lot of professional and life experience. Very interesting lectures! Very smart, nice, and understanding. He puts a lot of effort in his classes, which I really appreciated.
5.0 : I took this professor last year for an online class and she was extremely helpful. If you come in for office hours she helps you with all the assignments and gives you hints on what to study for the midterm and final. She grades everything within 24 hours. Excellent professor, 10/10 would recommend.
4.0 : There are homework assignments due each week and a teach one assignment.  The midterm and final are difficult but she is easy to reach by email and responds quickly and is willing to meet in person. She is very helpful and willing to accommodate certain aspects of assignments if you are having difficulties. Just manage your time and ask questions.
5.0 : THE BEST PROFESSOR AT MASON! Weekly assignment, all the assigments have helpful videos on YouTube so it's easy. Midterm Exam( open notes) which was hard but she curved a lot and I ended up with B. Teach One Assignment from the topics provided(pretty easy). Open notes Final exam. Awesome Professor! Take her you won't regret it.
3.0 : She is the best choice to take for this class. She offers to meet face to face to better help students. However, beware she does speak fast and she may come off as intimidating as she may/may not make you feel dumb when you don't understand something. Do the teach one assignment as early as possible as earlier topics are the easiest...
5.0 : What can I say about Dr. Avramovic that is not good? Through out my first 2 years of school I have taken solely online classes, ranging from all sorts of professors.  She is THE BEST professor I have had. She is understanding, clear, to the point and accessible. If you don't understand she will re-teach and is just amazing!
5.0 : Took Avramovic for the HAP 360 summer session and she was great. Yes, was work due every week that was sometimes time-consuming and difficult to understand, but there were youtube videos to help and she was really easy with grading. midterm was okay, final was a breeze. If you do the assignments you'll be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Avramovic is a great professor. Teaches you what you need to know and more... she really enjoys teaching the class and is very knowledgeable in her field. She makes you work hard, but with great results. One of the hardest classes I have taken and I am happy to have gotten a lot out of the course.
5.0 : Dr. Avramovic is a great professor and is always willing to help you if you don't understand the material. The course is hard and you will need to put in work in order to receive an A. It is not impossible to get an A but it does require you to put in the work. She is very easy to email or meet with if you need extra help. Take her!
5.0 : You want this professor because she knows how to teach the math problems on excel really well, but she does have a slight accent. You don't even have to go to class, but you have to listen to the lectures to pass the midterm and final. First half of the course was easier than the second half. Exams are take home and timed with a limit of 2 hours.
5.0 : Take HAP 360 with her if you have to take it. Weekly homework, one presentation project, one midterm, and one final. The homework that was due each week seemed hard but there are plenty of youtube videos that show you how to do them. The class seemed overwhelming but those resources made it easier. Easy grader, fast responder, understanding
5.0 : Professor Howells is a chill guy.  He knows his stuff and teaches it in a way that is easy to understand.  I've really enjoyed the class and I feel it has prepared me more than any other class for what to expect as a teacher.  Sure he's easy on the eyes so that helps too, but he actually participates in the gym sessions and cares about helping us
4.0 : Nice professor. Her grading isn't that great, though. I don't think she actually reads papers, she scans through them only. In general, gives good feedback and willing to help. I would recommend taking this class with her. Just show her that you care and don't mess up during presentations; I think that's when she actually pays attention.
5.0 : She is a great professor who clearly enjoys her students and her job. Provides help and answers emails in a timely manner. Almost every assignment is done in groups but you won't have a single test. Prepare to work on your presentation skills.
5.0 : TAKE HER! very nice and caring. She is a great professor and advisor. Laid back, but a bit strict when it comes to grading. Make sure your prepare for presentations and try not to use notes. Totally recommend!!!
5.0 : She's amazing. The course itself is easy and self-explanatory nothing too difficult. Attend class, prepare for presentations, turn in papers on time and you'll get an A.
5.0 : George Mason University needs more professors like Mrs. Hendricks. She is a very enthusiastic professor that makes every class interesting and interactive. She is also always available if you need help and gives great constructive feedback on every assignment. Take her if you can, you will not regret it.
4.0 : You will pass if you come and stay on top of assignments. No exams but research heavy projects. A lot of teamwork. She is very understanding and is willing to help if you ask for it! Overall a good class.
5.0 : Her class has no tests. Everything is a group project or paper. Professor Hendricks makes this a very practical class preparing you to get a job. No book, minimal readings for each class. You choose your own group and keep for the whole semester. Choose your group carefully. Class participation matters for every class.
5.0 : Professor Hendricks is a great professor who is very knowledge about every topic presented within the class. I would recommend to take her because she is energetic and enthusiastic! She's the best professor for this class!
4.0 : She tells you what she expects for each assignment. Majority of assignments are in groups. If you do the assignments you will pass. She is always willing to help.
1.0 : Not gonna lie I found her pretty annoying. Lectures are also boring . If you put in the work and follow the requirements you should do fine. There are 2 group presentations so chose wisely. No tests
4.0 : The class was fairly simple as long as you put in the effort. Two group presentations and some individual assignments. You are stuck with the group you select all semester so choose wisely. She is an easy grader and I would take her again.
5.0 : Hendricks is the reason I made a profile on here to rate. She's one of the best professors I've ever had. I'm a shy person, but she encouraged dialogue and by the end of the semester I was the most talkative person in class. She gets to know her students, and I'm debating putting off 303 until Fall 2018 so I can take it with her.
5.0 : Great professor. Knows his stuff and he is absolutely hilarious. He makes class fun. Only two assignments: midterm and final. Both are the creation of two Apple iOS apps with concepts learned from class. Classes consist of him going over code. Would recommend you go to class. Definitely recommend as a professor.
5.0 : He is a great guy. Knows his stuff and is ready to advice and help you with anything thing. Go to him for advice. He will tell you the truth!
5.0 : I wasn't a fan of this class at first but Dr. Kuykendall won me over. She's extremely helpful &amp; cares about her students. 3 papers, 6 exams (lowest dropped), a final, and attendance with participation. She gives clear instructions/study guides for exams &amp; papers. She is also flexible with emergencies or mistakes. Could do without 6 exams though.
4.0 : Standard graduate seminar class.  Discussion board, class discussion, read 3 articles or so before class.  There is also a paper and a final exam - take home essay
5.0 : 6 exams (lowest dropped), 1 cumulative final, 3-4 hw assignments, and class participation... You'll get an A. Her exams are 20 mc, and it's really hard to not get an A bc her study guides are exactly what the test will be on. No textbook needed. Professor Kuykendall is such a sweet woman who genuinely cares about your success! 10/10
5.0 : LOVED this professor! She provides study guides with all of the material you need to know for your exams. There are 6 exams total (all multiple choice) and a few critical thinking exercises. It seems like she doesn't take attendance but she does so you must show up to class. Great professor who is kind, flexible, and easy to communicate with.
5.0 : His backpacking class is fun! one small group presentation, overnight camping trip at shenandoah, and a final which is easy. Laid back professor and overall fun class. Book isn't necessary.
5.0 : Professor Wheeler is a great teacher. The class isn't too hard and her expectations are very clear. You should absolutely take her class you'll learn a lot and actually have a decent time in class. She is also easy to get into contact with outside class and will help you with her assignments if you need it.
4.0 : Prof. Wheeler was super polite and helpful. There isnt TOO much work and reading outside of class, and we always discuss those in detail during class. There wasn't an official textbook, we had reading books, but you definitely have to read those! She was really funny too! She gave helpful feedback, and was decent about returning emails.
5.0 : Professor Wheeler is honestly a really great at teaching english. She really helps you understand what is expected and gives short lectures that are really informative. She's super funny too! 3 papers and 1 annotated bibliography with sparse readings with textbook, you can go without buying it though. Take her!
5.0 : She is AMAZING! Do yourself a favor and take her ;)
5.0 : She is the real OG !!!, JUST TAKE HERE.
5.0 : Professor Jonach is the nicest teacher I've ever had. Her lectures are interesting and she always uses personal stories to explain the chapters. If you talk to her during her office hours, she will be incredibly helpful in fixing your grade. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : Mrs. Jonach is a phenomenal professor. This class may seem overwhelming, but it's not. The mini homework assignments are called "Ptps," make sure that you do those. The major projects will start later on in the semester, my recommendation is to start ASAP. She's really understanding, just as long as you come and talk to her. I honestly love her.
5.0 : Mrs. Jonach is my absolute favorite professor I have this semester. She is so knowledgeable and loves to share what she knows with the class. There are a lot of assignments in this course (which she doesn't have control over), BUT it's super manageable and she is so helpful! If you want a professor that actually cares about your grade, take her!!
4.0 : Overall, good prof! Goes into the ins and outs of mobile gaming pretty well. Doesn't do the best job of teaching Unity, which is required for a handful of projects, but I feel he's a bit tied down by also having to teach about the mobile game market. You're best if you know Unity or at least C# in general first, but either way, pretty good class!
5.0 : Dr Reagle has a way of teaching such a demanding course like Thermo that hell make it seem doable in class but when you get home to do HW youre completely lost. That being said, youre a genius if you can do good in any of his exams. But generally hes a smart guy and a good lecturer. Come to his lectures and take notes
5.0 : Great Professor for a difficult topic, but I trust him to teach me the most important material for my career. Class is difficult but show him you're putting in effort. Go to office hours, actually do the homework, and ask questions when you don't understand something. Study class notes, textbook sections, homework and review problems for the exams.
4.0 : Thermo is one of the hardest ME classes you'll take as an undergrad. Reagle gives tough tests, and his exams, quizzes, and video pop quizzes make up over 60% of his grading. He is incredibly smart and willing to help you but you have to show him that you're trying. go to office hours, email, and ASK QUESTIONS.
4.0 : Dr Reagle is a great Professor. He is very smart and really knows his stuff. That being said, 221 is a very tough course, and requires effort. Dr Reagle is always willing to help and really cares for the students. The classroom is inverted. He posts videos on BB but the sample probs in the book can be helpful.  Classes consist of doing problems.
5.0 : Dr Reagle is one of the smartest people I know. Definitely knows his stuff. He also has a good sense of humor. He is really good at outlining each problem and simplifying it to make it look easy. But thermo is a very difficult class and requires lots of work. You have to pay attention in class because the exam problems can come from anywhere.
5.0 : Professor Reagle is the best professor I have had at Mason. He is always available to answers question. If you do all of this practice problems he posts online, and you pay attention in class you will do okay on the test. The biggest thing with Reagle is he expects you to know the material inside and out within a specific time. So practice alot
5.0 : Dr. Reagle is easily the professor I respect the most. He's a very intelligent man and he'll answer any question you throw at him. Also, HE LIKES STUDENT INVOLVEMENT! He's reflects the class, so if people are engaged and asking questions you'll have a good time. Show him you're putting in effort and he'll take care of you, but study, Study, STUDY!
4.0 : Tough class but you will learn a lot of useful material
4.0 : If you are studying Conflict Analysis and Resolution (or not), you WANT to take this professor. She will make you feel like you can obtain a masters degree with the helpful and useful skills she teaches you! She is an amazing person to talk to and will teach you so much. Class is not too hard, also taking her CONF 301. Reading  heavy, but helpful.
5.0 : This class was great! There are tones of readings every week but professor Allen is not expecting us to read every word of it. You can expect a group project, two papers plus the final one. If you do the work you will have good grades. She also give really good and details feedbacks.
5.0 : Very kind professor who was willing to provide constructive feedback regarding your work and always available to assist you should you run into a creative road block. She grades incredibly fairly and is actually willing to discuss her reasoning in detail. The informal tone she had with us was nice and it made her incredibly approachable.
5.0 : I love Nancy. She gives a lot of homework and the homework she assigns requires a lot of thought. But this class really pulled me out of my comfort zone in art and taught me so much. It's not based off of technique, it's more about building meaning and creativity in your work. If you're someone who struggles with either of those things, take Nancy.
5.0 : Nancy was such a great professor! I hadn't taken an art class in 5 years and yet I adapted really well with her teaching strategies. She is very kind and an enjoyable teacher who gives feedback that helps improve your work. A lot of different projects that help expand ones artistic ability. She gives a lot of in class work time too! Best teacher.
5.0 : Nancy was a great professor who really helped me develop my creativity and gave me a safe space to play around in. She understood that it was a foundation course and thus gave us assignments that emphasized open, creative play while still teaching us principles to grow on as artists. I definitely want to take another of her classes!
4.0 : Had her for solo public speaking, a pretty standardized course (all use the same textbook, assignments, etc.). She's sweet and enthusiastic and just fun to be around, and she loves to help out and do what she can to aid you. But the thing is, you gotta do your work! There's a lot of writing and a lot of practicing so you can't afford to slack!
5.0 : She is a very good communication professor and always looks so nice. Make's the class environment feel comfortable and always open to hear students' thoughts. Ask any question, and she'll be happy to help you. Extra credit is available, and yes she does grade a little tough on every speech you perform; yet, provides good feedback when requested.
4.0 : When she grades the outlines for your speeches, she wants you to add specific details and express everything. Even when you do not have everything. She is also a tough grader, everything has to be her way.. Overall, the class was okay.
5.0 : Professor Dubert is great professor. TAKE HER CLASS if you need a Comm credit. She does not accept late assignments, but she is extremely fair. Also her course is easy as long as you turn in your work and show up to class.
5.0 : This man is a god amongst gods!
5.0 : He loves giving extra credit to make sure you can pass
5.0 : This professor was  informative and kept every lecture interesting, a shame he got fired due to sexual harassment, I quite enjoyed the lectures he gave without a shirt. Cool guy, fun class, 10/10.
1.0 : This guy is just terrible. He just reads off of the ppts and goes through the material pretty fast. Doesn't seem to care if you actually learn the material. He expects you to memorize all of his slides for the exam. He's a nice guy, but needs to improve his teaching methods. Don't risk your grade, do yourself a favor and take another professor.
4.0 : The homeworks were tough. The tests were all multiple choice and easy. Poor dude is new to teaching so he struggles but he's nice and he's helpful. Sadly he just got married so he's off the table for that.
5.0 : Tony was awesome! I had previously taken ECON 105 and failed, so his class was so refreshing. I learned so much and finally understand environmental economics. He is a fair and quick grader, and he's  young and relatable and gives real world examples. Attendance isn't necessary, and his lectures are very straight forward! 10/10 Mr. Good is the best
5.0 : ECON 105 was my first econ class that I ever took. At the beginning of the semester, I was really worried, since I heard econ classes were difficult. Now at the end of the semester, I can say that I'm so happy I had Mr. Good as a professor! He's a great teacher, super nice, &amp; patient! He goes over material that the class had trouble with! 10/10 :)
5.0 : Professor Good is an excellent professor.  Goes over material well, gives HMK, final and 2 other tests. This class is not an EASY A. You must read before and after class to understand material.  Laziness will not cut it, so prepare to read, Homework's are long and tedious, but they help you solidify the chapter. He curves exams which is nice.
3.0 : Mr. Good isn't a professor, was chosen/volunteered to teach this overflow class because the standard Econ103 classes were full. He goes through the concepts well enough, but sometimes it can get confusing for a non-Econ major. He was accommodating to help after class and for rescheduling tests/homework. Classwork can be tough, show up to class.
3.0 : Professor Good is a fine teacher. If you take his class, ask questions. He will move through the material very fast and will not go over things unless you ask questions. This class is taught using a textbook. If you want to have an easy time in the class you will read the chapters to be covered in class BEFORE class.
5.0 : Professor Good is a great professor. Homework and in class assignments helps a lot. You need to read the text book before class.
5.0 : Read the chapter before class and print powerpoint notes because he does tell you which certain things on the slides will be on the test He gives 5 extra credit questions on the test. In class assignments are based on what you went over in class and are worth more than tests. He's new so he goes a little fast, but he's great during office hours!
2.0 : She does not often explain things well, so essentially the entire class I had to teach myself. I would recommend anyone else
5.0 : I absolutely adored her. She is a highly respectable woman with clear grading standards. She is excellent when it comes to getting her students to understand material. She's approachable and accessible, and clearly loves what she teaches. I would definitely recommend her for fulfilling your gen ed requirement if you're not a math person.
5.0 : 3 exams NO QUIZZES alot of hw (mymathlab- easy) u dont show up to class? no biggie but if u arent there you'd be LOST! she lectures ALOT but is REALLY clear on everything She gives out study guides and curves the tests. She even replaced the lowest test grade for our final since most of our class bombed one test. So our final was 40% She was GREAT
5.0 : She is extremely nice and understanding. She is willing to help with whatever you need!
5.0 : Jess makes a really hard &amp; terrible subject (anatomy) as simple as she possibly can. She might only be a lab TA but she's one of the best instructors I've ever had at mason.
4.0 : Apoorva was an amazing professor to have for A&amp;P lab! She really knows what she's talking about and goes out of her way to make sure students are able to comprehend the material. She is pretty young and is really understanding of how hard the class can be, suffice to say she made the class bearable for me!
5.0 : great TA! I would recommend taking her for lab if her sections are open
4.0 : She's really nice, knows everything about what she teaches. The lab is just difficult overall, no matter who you have. Tough quizzes every week and the muscle/bone practicals.
4.0 : Apoorva teaches lab which is very hard regardless of who you take. Lots of memorization. She is great, understanding, funny and an easy grader. I would take her again if I could, highly recommend.
5.0 : Look, it's completely unfair to judge these professors by the content of the lab because they don't design it. Matt was a great teacher and made our labs fun while still covering the content. He knows the course is dense and just about memorizing and he still tries to make it enjoyable no matter what time of day you take the class. Take him!
3.0 : I only received a C+ due to a misunderstanding of one of my practicals, otherwise I wouldve gotten a B. Matt is a great teacher who's young and understands the struggles of having a lot on your plate sometimes. Although hes not the best on terms of expertise in the subject, he will genuinely do what he can to help you succeed in the class. He cares
4.0 : Easy to miss due dates, I missed many points from reading too far ahead and forgetting to do assessments. Quizzes were not very hard, easier than most in- person ones. Teacher grades reports and listening responses a level more difficult than multiple- choice quizzes.
5.0 : Probably the nicest lab instructor! Very caring and willing to help at any time. He explains well and doesn't expect a lot from nonscience majors.  We need more people like him in GMU. I took him for enviro lab and he was great! Just don't be late for class; he gets irritated. Otherwise, the class was an easy A.
5.0 : He is awesome! He is willing to help at any time. He's also really passionate about what he teaches. Do the work, show up to class, and you will get an A.
4.0 : Little bit of a quirky guy but still super cool. Easy lab and an easy-going guy. Hes super passionate about his research and its pretty interesting to hear him talk about it.
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors I've had so far. Super chill, loves to help, and also is passionate about what he does. I'd recommend him to anyone looking to take a course with him!
5.0 : Such a sweet professor! would take again!
5.0 : I wish all the physics faculty members were as good looking has him! Looked forward to coming to lab every week!
5.0 : Went to his office hours often and he really helped me out a lot. He doesn't just give you the answer but instead guides you through his thought process to figure it out!
3.0 : Keo seemed like a nice guy, and I know he was available outside of class for those who needed it. I personally never went to see him, because he didn't seem very welcoming in our lab. However, the few times we ever did speak, he was calm about it and tried his best to lead my groups in the right direction. Overall, he's pretty okay.
5.0 : Keo was an awesome assistant for my physics lab. A lot of the time he was more helpful than the actual lab instructor. Definitely take this course with him. He is awesome!
5.0 : Keo was a fantastic lab TA who helps you along, but makes you work for the answer. 10/10 hope to have again.
5.0 : Keo was a great lab TA who was always willing to help whenever our group had questions (which was pretty often). He will help you work through your problem and make sure you understand the process before moving on to the next group
5.0 : Throughout the semester Keo was very helpful in the lab and would always come to a group if they had any trouble with the material. He was always available via email or office hours even though I personally never went but should have since he exceptionally good looking. 10/10 for him and hope to see him around teaching next semester as well!
5.0 : Really nice person. Please preview before coming to class to clearly understand what you are doing in lab. He doesn't give you final and he cares about students. Make sure you don't do other things when you're in class because he knows what everyone is doing no matter how you're pretending to do the class work while doing work from other classes.
4.0 : Come to class, do the pre-labs, and the lab reports and you will do well. He is super helpful and willing to go over concepts with you. Also, he does not give a final so your grades are based solely off of the in class and out of class work versus loads of memorization.
3.0 : Compared to the rest of the Department, Park is a bit of a tough grader. She can be condescending at times. One 5-page paper, two take-home written exams, and a brief oral presentation. Would not recommend unless you're a history major or your writing is impeccable.
4.0 : Professor Park's HNRS 122 section "Visualizing Modernity" was a unique class and she was very knowledgable about all of the topics. I was not too interested in the material, but really respect her as an instrutor. I recommend her if you are interested in the class and material, otherwise it is very reading and paper heavy and can overwhelm easily.
5.0 : First off all, a lot of reading and writing is required for the class, so it's certainly challenging and requires effort. However, I thought the professor was excellent. She grades fairly, gives good feedback, encourages class discussion, and is pretty knowledgeable. Overall, highly recommended as long as you don't mind the workload.
5.0 : ARAB 110 is a very hard class- but manageable if you stay on top of the work. Bassima really helps you if she sees that you are trying. If she sees you not trying she isn't as patient with you. She likes questions, is helpful, and will meet after class if you ask. She is sarcastic but not mean. I hope to take ARAB 220 with her!
5.0 : Professor Marshall brings his knowledge of the gov't into class and is sincere about getting us ready to be an intelligence analyst.  It seems he really cares.
5.0 : Tells it like it is!  He's had a lot of real world experience, not like most of the professors I've had who only have worked in the classroom.
5.0 : Great guy. Tells it like it is. He stresses real like experience. Not like the professors who never really worked a real job. He seems like he really cares. Would love to take his course again!
5.0 : My favorite! Christine is very passionate and inspiring! She assigns a good amount of readings, but they are interesting, so you'll fly through them. The class is mostly discussion-based, and the professor is very respectful towards the students. There is a midterm and a final project. Do the work, turn it in on time, and you'll get a good grade!
5.0 : Christine is one of the greatest professors I have had. We had readings every week along with reading responses but they were doable and ensured you were learning. Her class was very interactive and Christine is very openminded and helps you develop your own ideas and is always willing to listen. I would definitely suggest taking her.
5.0 : Professor Rosenfeld is one of the best professors I have. She is really nice, caring, and friendly with all her students. She encourages talking since it's a Communications class so don't be afraid to speak up. The class is a lot of reading, homework quizzes, and group work. As long as you show up and give effort in the assignments, you'll be fine.
5.0 : She was a great professor. The curriculum for COMM 101 is very intense, there's a lot of work but she does her best with what's given. Her lectures are good, not too boring. Reading the textbook not very important, but you still need it. Quizzes are retake able and online which makes them super easy. The most time consuming is the speeches.
4.0 : Christine's class was fairly easy. It's not difficult to get a good grade, just do the required number of assignments. Midterm is a take home essay. Final paper is just an annotated bibliography. Be sure to participate. Readings in general were interesting and most weeks she cancelled some of the readings originally assigned. Would take again.
5.0 : SERIOUSLY best professor I've had at George Mason. She truly cares how well you're doing in the class and makes accommodations if you need them. The class isn't tough and I hope to take more classes with her in the future. You have a couple of papers and some group activities but they are easy if you put the time in.
5.0 : Dr. McCarron was fantastic. I literally cannot say enough good things about her. She is a tough but fair grader, and there is a TON of reading, but her lectures are good and she is always open to on-topic discussions and debates in class. She's caring and understands life sometimes gets in the way, but is willing to work with her students.
4.0 : Okay, so she's awesome. Really cares, and will go out of her way to help you succeed. Be very prepared to do A LOT of homework, reading, discussion boards, etc. The class is awesome and interesting, but you have to log in about 6 times a week just to keep up. A little difficult for an online class.
3.0 : Not the worst professor I have ever had but if you need a reason to drop out of college shes your girl. Absurd amount of homework, nothing to hard just absurd. She treats it like a 400 class but its a 200. If your super interested in leadership do it, if not do not waste your time.
5.0 : She is AMAZING. She cares so much about her students and will do anything to make you more comfortable in her class. Even though shes online, she incorporates videos so we can see her and know shes a real person, which is nice sometimes in an online class. Shes so easy to get a hold of. Hands down best professor here.
3.0 : This is the most ridiculous class I have ever taken in my entire life. Although the prof is nice along with her TA, they act like we don't have other classes to worry about and that we don't have anything else to do besides focus on this class. The work given is A LOT and tedious and annoying. I hate this class and if u have free time then take it
5.0 : Great professor, easy A! She genuinely cares about her students and the class is all group discussions. I haven't learned much as far as textbook information but she brings in a lot of guest speakers and you gain a lot of real world knowledge from the class. Overall, it's a great class and you really get to know your classmates.
5.0 : best professor at GMU
5.0 : The most humble, experienced professor I have taken at Mason. Genuinely cares about his students. Take him and you will not regret it. Show up, do the work and you will get an A!!!
5.0 : One of the best professors at GMU! He genuinely cares about his students and incorporates fun into learning. Do what he says and you will get an A. Definitely recommend!!
5.0 : Genuinely the most amazing professor I've had. Arabic department is full of great people, and he is definitely one of them. He really cares for you. He is quite funny as well. I came from Arabic 110 and he worked with me at my level. Everyone in there needed some kind of improvement, and he worked accordingly. 10/10 - would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Skooti is one of the best professor I took at GMU. I learned a lot through his class compared to other Arabic classes at NOVA and different professors. Do your part and he will help and really care about his students. Very down to earth. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Professor Skooti is a really good teacher. He understands the subject well and works with students at their proficiency level of the language. I have learned a lot from the class.  Arabic is a difficult language and professor Skooti helps make it easier for us than it could have been. I would highly recommended that you take the class with him.
4.0 : He is very easy on you and wants everyone to get an A. Offers extra credit points through homework and also curves. No textbook used, just slides
4.0 : Pretty good professor for a statistics course that is for engineers. His lectures are well organized that he explains the concepts step by step to make sure that he is getting the message across. He gives extra points in homework assignments to bump your grade up. His exams are straight forward. So, please do not mess up on any of his exams.
4.0 : His organized lectures are enough to get an A.
5.0 : She was the best professor I've ever had. Really, really amazing. Great lectures, she's funny, and throws in some great liberal sass. Very good at fitting in a ton of information in a 50 minute class, but doing so CLEARLY. Very fair grader.
5.0 : she was an amazing professor, she makes the class so interesting! her study guides are extremely helpful considering there are only 2 tests in the class. highly recommend taking her class
5.0 : Great professor with very interesting lectures. 2 tests and 2 assignments. Very straightforward as long as you study and do the readings. As she says "exams are not to trip you up, they are to test to make sure you understand the material!" Very highly recommend even if only taking for GenEd. Gave optional extra credit assignment.
5.0 : Take GLOA101 with her if you can. Very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about what she teaches. The class consists of 2 electronically submitted assignments, 2 tests, and 5 quizzes that involve labeling countries on a map (she lets you know beforehand the countries that will be on the quiz). Very reasonable workload. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Studemeyer has a great sense of humor and sarcasm that makes her lectures very enjoyable. The work in the class is also super easy as are her exams. Yet, the course itself is still an interesting course! Just be sure to participate in class discussion. She expects students to have read the material prior to class and discuss readings in class.
5.0 : Dr. Studemeyer is such a great professor. None of her work is too demanding, everything that she expects is provided. Her exams are fairly simple, her study guides are extremely helpful when preparing for the exams. Just show up to class because attendance os part of your grade. I would encourage many to take her course. She's amazing!
5.0 : Fantastic professor! Dr. Studemeyer is unmatched in her ability to effectively communicate her lessons and assess students understanding at an appropriately challenging level.  Nothing in this class is difficult but it's a lot of information and she presents it in a way anyone can understand.
5.0 : fantastic professor actually made me ecstatic to come to class. she's a genius, knowledge in basically every subject.
5.0 : I have learned a lot from this class. Studemeyer explains complicated topics easily, her lectures are entertaining, and assignments are easy. Map quizzes, midterm, final, and two essays. Assignments are not made to trip you up, its just to make sure you have some kind of understanding of the topics.
5.0 : Literally knows everything, we had the best discussions in this class! Loves answering questions in class! If you want to know more about culture, the environment, modern issues and how to go about understanding our complex world, take this class with Prof. Studemeyer! I would take it twice if I could.
5.0 : Dr. Studemeyer is a really sweet professor and highly accessible outside of class. The class consists of map quizzes (really easy), 2 papers, 2 exams, and participation. She does offer extra credit as well as study guides for the exams and tells you what to expect on there. Her grading criteria is very clear and she tells you what she wants.
5.0 : 2 papers, midterm and final. In between she gives 5 map quizzes worth 5 points, attendance is taken once a week. She gives you the short answers that will be on the tests, her lectures are posted online. Everything bolded and underlined will be on the midterm and final. Her lectures were interesting but got boring because it was common knowledge.
5.0 : Dr. Studemeyer's class was very informative and I learned a lot from this class. Like other reviewers say, quizzes and tests are very easy if you actually study outside of class. Her grading for the writing assignments is little bit harsh, but you will get at least B+ as long as you follow her directions. I would definitely take her class again.
5.0 : Prof. Studemeyer was the only professor who's class I actually looked forward to attending. She's very knowledgable and respectful of students, and her lectures are clear and interesting. We had 2 major assignments and 2 exams, but the class is fairly easy thanks to Prof. Studemeyer's engaging lectures. I'd definitely take a class of hers again!
5.0 : Amazing class, I was disappointed to see that right now this is the only course she teaches. You can turn in 1 of the 2 assignments late and get full credit. She was very respectful of students, and encouraged everyone to participate. Attendance isn't graded and you don't really need to show up to pass, but her classes were worth going to.
5.0 : She's fun, cute, interesting, and makes class enjoyable. While classes are mostly lecture-based, she does encourage participation and questions. Occasionally videos are used to help understand concepts. I took it to satisfy a requirement and came away wanting to take more Global Affairs classes. The class is not super hard but you MUST study.
5.0 : One of the good ones.  She is helpful and will do anything to help a student succeed.  Her plus is that she has a PhD in biology.
5.0 : At the end of the day, a teachers job is to teach you things. Dawud really breaks down to the core of all issues and opens your mind such that you can teach yourself. 5 STAR TEACHER.  He builds heart to heart conversations and teaches your mind how to navigate itself without running into errors.  PS: He's really cute ;) I think he's still single.
4.0 : Gives a really good class. You end up learning a lot!
5.0 : If you are looking for the ideal class, this is it. Chill teacher, learn everything you need just by listening and the topics are almost always interesting.
5.0 : Dawud was one of the best professors I've ever had, he was amazing! I would definitely take his class again because he was very kind and compassionate towards the students!
5.0 : Super hot!! On a more serious note, professor Dawud has amazing lectures and genuinely cares about people learning and understanding content.
5.0 : I'm surprised he doesn't have many responses from people on here. He was by far the best English professor I've ever had. I had him for ENGH-101 a while back when he first taught at Mason. I stumbled upon his name when registering for another class and here I am. HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM! Nice guy, fair grader, very and accommodating. You'll love him!
5.0 : Take him. You won't regret it. Great guy and extremely easy going. You will definitely get an A if you just do the work. He even extends deadlines for those who need it. TAKE HIM! Definitely an easy A/A+ !!
5.0 : I thought Martinez seemed a little unorganized. He kept pushing due dates back (no complaining here) but canceling classes and trying to make them up. However, he used our majors in the papers that we wrote in class. This made the class more interesting and useful for my other classes. He was very understanding and kind, and I would take him again.
5.0 : HE'S GREAT! His lectures weren't boring &amp; there was a few homework assignments from the book itself. There was a group website project and he was nice to email back quickly for any questions you may have.
3.0 : I enjoyed Professor Martinez's class. You do need to participate but it's mostly discussing things within a group. There is a fair amount of homework in the beg. of the semester but then it dies down. The downside is that he is unreliable. He doesn't post homework on time and he grades everything at the last minute so you won't know where you stand
5.0 : Good man.
5.0 : Professor Martinez loves his subject and teaches with enthusiasm. Writing intensive course. Do the work and it pays off. He is flexible on due dates and will work with you if you communicate. He evens gives a 3-day pass on one assignment. I enjoyed this class and recommend him. Great guy. Very kind.
5.0 : Great lectures!
5.0 : Lectures were clear and precise. Great professor to learn from!
4.0 : I took him in Summer 2016, easy B. No quizzes, only 3 exams.
5.0 : Hes one of the best professors Ive ever had! The readings are fairly long and there are a few essays! He has a good sense of humor and is overall an awesome and very understanding teacher!
5.0 : Charles is freaking awesome, he's hilarious and he really knows how to connect with his students. His readings are pretty long but all the information is useful and relevant. He relates a lot of the class to current events and you learn a lot. As long as you're an active participant in discussions and read the assigned readings you'll do well!
5.0 : Mr. Davidson is an amazing teacher. He leads very interesting class discussions and fun activities to make sure students understand the weekly readings. He's super nice and always in a good mood. If you have the chance to take his class I would highly recommend it!
5.0 : He's such a great professor! He's so understanding, and he makes coming to class really fun. He wants you to do well. Just do go on your phone, and he'll like you as a person! Honestly one of the best professors that I've ever had
3.0 : eh he wasnt the best but its what i had to deal with. expect a small quiz at the beginning of each lab thats worth 5 points. if you skip, make sure you email him AND talk to him separately. its not highschool anymore so its your job to talk to the professor. overall an okay professor and hes hot so
5.0 : Loved Brian. He's really nice and cute. I liked his lectures and how he didn't require us to do the pre-labs. Did mini a mini quiz in the beginning of class and some were a little hard. Make sure you don't turn in labs late. Most of the time he will not accept it. He is also a fair grader.
5.0 : Griffiths is nice and funny, but isn't an easy grader and most definitely won't hand out As. He's in his early 20's, so he's easy to talk to and ask for help. All work is done with your lab group, including two presentations near the end of the semester. His quizzes can be hard, but he doesn't require you do the pre-labs. Would recommend!
4.0 : Professor Griffiths is the best lab instructor I have ever had. Besides being someone nice to look at, he is really funny and has some really cool stories. For class, you take a short 5 question quiz about the pre-lab, which is much better than answering all the pre-lab questions. He helps with labs during office hours, and responds quickly.
5.0 : Brian is a very nice guy and a good lab professor. He does lots of research and has cool stories to tell. Every class you take a 5 question quiz on the lab you will be doing that day, I did not read the labs half the time and never got lower than a 4/5 on his quizzes. Also his labs never last the entire time unless you mess up and have to redo.
5.0 : Smart dude, very understanding and works with you to fix grades and late assignments
5.0 : I absolutely loved taking her class, and truly recommend taking any classes she has to offer. She cares about her students, wether it is class related or even not related to class at all. Her classes are interesting, and I enjoyed coming to class because she is so sweet. She gives great feedback and wants her students to do well!
5.0 : Professor Zafiris was amazing! Easy class and really helpful short assignments here and there. Don't need the book nor do the readings to pass her class, exams are straight from lecture/powerpoints. Easy A! She really cares about her students and is there to help and give advise even outside of class.  A great teacher and great person!
5.0 : She really cares about her students. She also would personally go over any answers that you got wrong in the exams if you ask her. I would love to take any classes that she teaches. Much respect to her.
5.0 : you need to buy the textbook used, you use pages out of it specific to the class. Ian is really cool, its hard to be bored in the class. He does activities and group discussions that help further to learn the basic material. He makes a boring class really fun, and the speeches are very self explanatory since he helps you every step of the way.
5.0 : Lydia is the most perfect instructor you will ever meet! She is so sweet and hilarious. PSYC 301 Lab is such a paper heavy course but she made writing and understanding the material so much easier than other instructors. She gave great feedback and was there to help whenever it was needed. I would 10000% take a class with her again.
5.0 : Lydia was able to make a paper-heavy psych research lab interesting and fun.  She is always willing to help students, gives great feedback plus she is very organized.  She gives clear instructions and rubric's for all the assignments.  If you need to take the psych 301 lab this is the one, look no further.
4.0 : One of the nicest professors ever! He is so sweet and caring, he genuinely wants the students to succeed. If you have any question, do not hesitate  to ask him. There are a lot of class discussions, which I generally do not like, but other than that he is really sweet. Compared to the other HNRS110 teachers, he is one of the best. Take him for sure
5.0 : Take this course if you want to learn a lot and don't mind working hard. Professor Silver is supportive and a great teacher. Be aware though that he puts a lot of weight on discussion and participation. Its not an easy class but I learned so much about research.
5.0 : Even though this was a tough class it was also one of my best. Discussions and writing are a huge part of his HNRS 110 class and he isn't an easy grader, but Professor Silver is a smart and friendly guy and when you ask for help he works with you to improve. Just know if you take this class you'll work hard.
5.0 : Silver is great for HNRS110 but the workload is sometimes high. You can tell he's interested in having you learn. Great class overall.
5.0 : Great prof, interesting class. Prof Silver's discussions are really interesting but theres high expectations for reading and writing. About 40-50 pages of reading a class. You write about 20 pages during the semester. If you put in the work though you'll learn so much!
5.0 : I love Blake. He doesn't teach lecture style, but rather we get in a big circle and have a discussion based class. I really liked this style of teaching style. Prof Silver is approachable and kind and will help you if you are struggling. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : My man Blake made the essay intensive class  super easy. He brought food for us and was so caring. We all loved him so much and his honors class was so easy. 11/10 would take again
5.0 : I loved Blake so much, he is such an easy-going guy and he made the Honors course so easy and actually enjoyable. He understands a student's needs, and his lack of unnecessary work helped us focus on what was actually important. Full of interesting class discussions, and he is willing to hear everyone's opinions. I HIGHLY recommend!!!
5.0 : Blake was an awesome professor and person that really helped the class understand what their interests were. He didn't put too much pressure on us with our work, and that really helped me personally. He brought us food and is funny. Take him for honors!
5.0 : Class discussions, peer reviews, and a lot of other in class group work. But it's all simple and relatively fun. He has been known to bring in cookies or Chex mix and is always available to talk with. He also understands with all the stress papers can get turned in late and has pushed back due dates and is very accepting if any issues arise. 10/10.
5.0 : Professor Silver was an amazing instructor and was always extremely supportive and kind to everyone in the class. The whole class leads up to a long research paper as the final exam, but he paced the class perfectly so it never felt too overwhelming or impossible. His feedback was always helpful - go to office hours!!
5.0 : Professor Silver, affectionately called Blake by most of his students, was by far my favorite prof. He's nice, caring, and totally understanding of all his students. He will grant extensions on assignments, he gives helpful feedback, and he's overall a great professor. Would definitely recommend taking his HNRS 110 section.
4.0 : Prof Silver is very encouraging with your project and makes class interesting. He's a tough grader though. Do the reading and participate in class
5.0 : Blake is honestly such a gem. This class coming in as a freshman may seem daunting but he made it so much easier. He really cares about his students and brings in food and pushes back deadlines. Although he is an easy professor there is still work. The big research essay is much easier than you think. Participation is also a big part of the grade.
5.0 : Prof. Silver is an incredible professor. HNRS110 is a very hard class, but the way he structured the assignments made the initially daunting task of a research paper totally manageable. His feedback was invaluable throughout the entire semester; I always felt reenergized after every meeting, and he always gave very constructive criticism.
5.0 : Always very interested in everyone's input.  Knows how to lead a conversation to a productive area and very encouraging with your projects
4.0 : Professor Boyle is new to gmu as of 2016. Attendance is only mandatory at times and she has you buy a textbook which you do not even use. There are 3 papers and 1 group work assignment. Overall she was a really easy teacher
5.0 : Makes a lot of annotations to your graded papers, and all are beneficial and useful commentary. He grades decently tough, but following his feedback gains you an easy A. Extremely Approachable, kind and helpful and class is overall pretty chill.  He does take attendance though.
5.0 : Probably the best professor at mason, hands down. He's got a sense of humour and it's the only class I'm happy to go to. I swear if all the professors were like him college would be a breeze
5.0 : John is hilarious. He's super chill and makes jokes all the time. However, you will lose points if you are late or don't show up to class. He also calls on you if you don't participate. There are always readings and quizzes on those readings every class. His essays are straightforward and not too hard. Everyone gets along with him really well.
5.0 : Ya boi John is honestly one of the most fun professors ever. A little homework, but nothing major. The only problem with his class is honestly that 80% of your grade is 3 papers, but he does let you revise and get points back. I would definitely take him again. Favorite professor.
5.0 : Show up, do the readings, and make an effort and you will love this class. John made English fun for me, and showed such a genuine care for his students. He gave great feedback, and graded very fairly. I participated as much as possible, and John definitely notes those kind of things and I believe it does play a part in grading. Highly recommend!!
5.0 : Professor Brody was hands down my best professor last semester. He cares about all his students and  gives good feedback. You do a lot of group work in class. Very nice and makes class fun. Helps you study for the midterm and final exam.
4.0 : Brody is a fantastic professor who tries to do the best to help his students. He is very lenient. Attendance is mandatory since each class consists of a simple, short writing assignment or group activity that counts for 7.5 points. There is one midterm, final, and a group case study project.
4.0 : Honestly, he gets a little boring and lectures for a while, but he truly cares about his students and will take your considerations to change the class up to your preference. He is an easy grader and wants to make sure everyone is doing well. A little bit of group work, but nothing unbearable. Great class!
5.0 : Best professor that I've ever had. Lots of INTERESTING group work and keeps the class engaged. You will not regret taking this class. You must show up to class to pass because the attendance is worth a lot. Also don't bother buying the book, he posts all the lectures online.
5.0 : A class like BUS100 isn't an easy on to get students hooked on. And while Mr. Brody can sometimes make the long class feel even longer, he genuinely does care about each and every one of his students. He has very helpful feedback, and he's always able to help if need be.
5.0 : I fully recommend Mr. Brody. He's the most personable guy and really makes an effort to know every student. Gives good feedback is an understatement. He will help you pass this class and learn a lot while doing it. So glad I had Mr. Brody.
5.0 : Amazing teacher for being her first years as a profesor. Definitely recommend for an easy english credit and knows how to inspire and teach you how to write.
5.0 : Prof. Stack was an amazing teacher! She's really passionate about writing and genuinely wants to see you do well. Also has a great sense of humor and is very understanding! Class was overall a great experience and for her first year did fantastic!
5.0 : Ms. Stack is not only a good professor to take if you are trying to get your gen ed credit, but is also a great one if you really want to improve in your English skills. She is very helpful and is very accessible for office hours. I'd definitely recommend her.
5.0 : I loved Mme Chloe! I had her last semester for FRE 101 and she was very nice and helpful. She gave us a lot of extra credit opportunities as well and she is very willing to help students in whatever they need help with. She knows what she is teaching and is very patient. You won't feel scared of asking questions or when you don't get things.
5.0 : She is the best French professor I've had at Mason to date. She is very caring and cool. She really wants you to learn and loves the language. She is from Paris so she knows her stuff but is also very good at english. She will go out of her way to help you and empathize with the difficulty that can come at times when learning a language.
5.0 : Mme. Hyden is the best professor I have had to date. She really cares about her students and that is incredible. If you have a question, don't even hesitate to ask her, because she will answer it, and make sure that you and the whole class can understand the concepts. The class is very fast paced, and she does her best to keep the class afloat.
5.0 : Mme Hyden is fantastic. She genuinely wants her students to learn, and is very respectful of those who are slower to catch on or having trouble understanding.
5.0 : I would definitely recommend Emma! She's so sweet, and she really took the time to go over problems in class and make sure that everyone understood them. She was also very accessible outside class if you had any questions.
5.0 : Extremely helpful in understand the course material. The problems she gives are the key to understanding. Definitely go to class, it's easy participation points and as long as you try, you're good.
5.0 : Prof. Whitmyre did the impossible by making stats lab interesting and fun. She was great at explaining the material and made it both accessible and relatable. She went to NYU for undergrad and has cool NYC stories. She is really kind and cares about her students. She is also very responsive to e-mails.
5.0 : Emma was the GA for my Psyc 300 lecture class. She was so kind and helpful and always willing to help. Homework was a completion grade- if you showed up to class and attempted the homework, you got full credit each week. She was taking graduate classes at the same time, but that never stopped her from being available to help at anytime.
5.0 : Professor Emily was absolutely wonderful this semester. For this particular class we were graded on weekly discussion posts, 4 exams, and a project. She was always accessible by email and gave feedback on assignments. Do your work and this is an easy A.
5.0 : Professor Dalton was incredible! She was such a wonderful teacher. She was kind, interesting, and fun! She came up with ways to engage our class in activities that actually helped us better understand the material. I learned so much about the Nonprofit Sector. It was overall a fairly easy class and very useful!
5.0 : Kelly is an excellent professor who really cares about her students and what they are passionate about. She makes the reading applicable to real life events and makes learning easy and interesting through in class discussions and activities. Her extensive knowledge and passion are evident in her teaching. Her classes were two of my favorite.
4.0 : 20 hour community involvement project; 3 reflection papers - 3rd reflection is considered the final; no tests or quizzes; in class group assignments; lots of guest speakers. Fun and easy 4 credit "writing intensive" class. Would take again.
5.0 : So kind and awesome!! Very good professor and a really great person! Easiest class of my college career as well. If you need a class to raise your gpa--this is the one
5.0 : Dr. Lewis is very nice and knows her stuff. Her class is pretty relaxing. There's a lot of reading and writing (it is a writing-intensive seminar, after all), but she makes is bearable and manageable. Put in effort and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Prof. Lewis' class was not hard; however this is a seminar class, so you are expected to read and write A LOT. She is extremely clear in her rubrics and grades accordingly. The only thing, her quizzes were sometimes confusing and she never went over them, but they are online, so you can use your notes. Overall a great professor!
4.0 : Dr. Lewis tried her hardest to make a boring class interesting.  She wanted students to learn and participate.  The course itself was heavily reading and presentation based but she wasn't a hard grader.  Quizzes were easy if you attended class and took notes.  She was a very sweet professor and did a wonderful job for her first year teaching!
5.0 : Professor Lewis is a real neuro gem! She is very clear with her grading and will do her best to make things clear and easy to understand. She is an amazing professor who understands the student lifestyle and thus won't make thing confusing like other professors. This class was very writing heavy but she made it very smooth! Great!
3.0 : She's really nice and caring. Chill lab TA
5.0 : Catie is by far my favorite lab instructor! She is very chill and is fun to talk to about random things. She is a fair grader and gives you a run-down on what to study and focus on for her quizzes and exams.
5.0 : Catie was a great lab TA! She was very helpful when asked for question help or advice in general. For quizzes and exams, she provides you with an overview on what to focus on. As long as you study what she tells you, you should get an A on the quizzes and exams. I 10/10 would recommend taking Catie for genetics lab!
5.0 : She's really really nice and caring. She's very approachable. Definitely take her.
5.0 : There are not enough good things I can say about her. She made my stressful semester feel breezy. Honestly I was so happy with her class, she is so nice and caring and is brilliant. She is not a tough grader and understands student's situations. She helped us to learn the material in a fun and breezy way. TAKE HER!! Loved her
3.0 : If you need help in this class you have to ask her immediately after class because its impossible to contact her anywhere else because of her research. Her tests/quizzes are hard but manageable if you study a week before. Overall nice instructor but not very helpful on an individual level.
5.0 : Professor Kaur is one of the best and easiest professors I have ever had. I came in to her class not knowing much about the basics of engineering until her funny and easily understandable lectures helped me out. She enjoys hands on activities, group interactions, and only a few small exams. No Final, Final is a easy group project. Highly Reccomends
5.0 : She is very nice and helpful.
5.0 : She is a very sweet lady who wants the best for her students. She will try her hardest to get you an A in the class. The class itself was was very laid back. The majority of the assignments based on group projects, so choose a decent group. The work is not hard and the grading is very lax, just stay on top of it.
3.0 : Prof. Hamilton has an odd teaching style in the sense that she doesn't teach! She gives a discussion prompt and then wants her students to talk for the entire class period. Classes were awkward and uncomfortable. She's a tough grader and I felt like I just couldn't win with her. This is a gen. ed. class and shouldn't be this hard! Don't recommend.
3.0 : Hamilton used to be a middle school English teacher, so she is not very intimidating. Some of my peers complained that she's a tough grader, but I've found that as long as you follow the rubric, you'll get a good grade on the papers. She's not always organized, and she hates technology, so beware of her not knowing how she wants you to turn in stuf
5.0 : She's super funny and will go out of her way to help you as long as you do the work. Her feedback is really specific which is good. Attendance is important so just don't be lazy. I'd definitely take her class again
5.0 : I felt like I learned a lot in this class. Usually I don't really care about writing but her teaching made me like it. Make sure you attend class and really pay attention to prompts/rubrics.
4.0 : Prof Miss Liesel was consistent and fair.  Come to class, do the homework, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : One of the most amazing professors at Mason! While her lectures are dense she realizes that and really tries to explain things in a basic point of view. Tests are a little difficult but she is more than happy to help and really cares about her students. The class is three exams and an essay and lectures are posted on bb. Study and get at least a B.
5.0 : Amazing professor! He brought candy for the lecture that landed on Halloween in the fall of 2016, and he brought popcorn when we watched a film on world war I. Just a great professor! His quizzes are an easy grade. You can use your notes in the final.
5.0 : Dr. Franklin has an amazing background and experience in the military which she shares about all semester, really good insight to the profession! She is willing to help in any way possible and very nice! Highly respected by her students; I'd love the chance to have her again.
4.0 : Prof Rome isn't a "breeze by" kind of teacher, she makes you earn your grade. She is very helpful, great with communication, and willing to meet outside of class to offer assistance on assignments.
5.0 : There is a lot of reading. The entire class is lecture/discussion based, and he grades off of participation. There are only 3 4 page papers, and you get to choose which topics/readings you write on. His feedback is helpful and grades based on improvement (you can get an A even if you are not a great writer. He will teach you how to write!)
3.0 : He is a pretty good professor. The class is based on the participation of the class so if you don't talk, he wont talk much. He also grades on participation so talk a lot even if it's just some nonsense topic, he will talk about it to the class. Just take notes and cite the authors when writing your paper and you will do just fine.
5.0 : I took Professor Evan's class, PHIL 253,  during the fall semester of 2016. I do not regret taking his class. Professor Evans was an awesome professor! If you participate in class and keep up with the reading, then you'll get an easy A. Make sure that you show up to class. Attendance counts as participation.
5.0 : Really great professor! Highly recommend you take his class!!
5.0 : The professor provided demonstrations and examples for each project.  She allows each student to take their own creative direction in addressing the assignments.  She provides excellent guidance and constructive criticism throughout the process.  I enjoyed the creatively immensely.
2.0 : She was an okay professor at best. She's very nice &amp; helpful,  but a tough grader. She seems to be grading based off skill and not effort which I never found fair seeing as this is a core class.  Also, she doesn't use blackboard so you can't see your grades. Expect to leave with a B if you actually put in work with mediocre skill.
5.0 : She's a great and kind professor. Would take again!
5.0 : I absolutely love this man. He gives us a classroom environment that allows students to speak their mind and not feel judged. He has a great sense of humor and a laid-back teaching style which makes class fun. He provides us with the tools we need to be great writers and his assignments are reasonable as long as you put in the effort. Great class.
5.0 : This was an amazing class and I would definitely recommend it to anyone! Professor Ashworth is funny and makes a 3 hour class bearable.
4.0 : he is a graduate student so he's really dorky and uses sarcasm a lot. he is a tough grader but never grades on time. he's alright overall to take.
5.0 : He is awesome! I would highly recommend him. He loves what he does, and his passion for literature comes through in his teaching style. His classroom is pretty chill, but he expects you to work hard. You'll also have to buy several novels and print many articles and short stories, but they are really interesting reads, so its worth it.
1.0 : very hard grader for a useless class. weird assignments.
5.0 : He's a tough grader but he takes the time to give thoughtful feedback. His essays helped me understand how to polish my writing. Overall a great course. Be prepared to work. If you're lazy you won't do well
4.0 : He is a grad student so he is very relatable. He is very sassy in person and in email if you ask a question that you should already know the answer to. No tests or exams, but multiple papers, a few little assignments, a few group projects. He grades attendance so it is mandatory.
5.0 : Professor Cohen was the absolute best Spanish teacher I have ever had. She made classes and learning fun by playing games and interacting with us as a class. Her tests are pretty easy if you study for them. She is always willing to help you if you don't understand. She also would give out candy and prizes to make class a little more fun. Amazing!
5.0 : So research methods is already a hard and challenging class but if you show effort to her then she will for sure help you! She was well respected by the students and tried to make the class more interactive. She gave me so much feedback on my final research proposal!
5.0 : Prof Harold was great! I took him over the summer and it was a 3 hr class but he made it fun. There isn't much work during the semester but you do learn a lot from him! He went by the book and told you exactly what to study for the mid term and final! If you went to class and took notes you would pass with an A!
5.0 : OMG! Professor Harrold is one of the best profs in GMU. Honestly, he's such a caring person! I had to leave the city for work during the midterm, and he helped me. I was concerned about my grade, and he also helped me. His lectures are fun! and he makes class enjoyable. If you see his name again, TAKE HIM! You wont regret it!
5.0 : One of the best professors at George Mason. He genuinely wants good for all of his students. Very fair assignments and exams. Curves the overall grade at the end of the semester.
5.0 : One of the nicest and helpful professors you will ever meet at GMU. Extremely helpful in office hours and gives homework sparingly. The class material was somewhat hard, but he simplified it to easy steps to follow. Curves fairly at the end, drops the lowest hw, and is very respondent to emails. Definitely take him.
5.0 : Took this to satisfy an elective requirement and Eddie Huang is a great professor! Very humorous and knowledgeable in his field. He is simply trying to teach the material in an easy and simple manner. Grade based on in class work, hw, group project which is pretty easy,  2 mid terms and final. Big curve after finals. Take him for sure!
5.0 : I really thought this class would blow but professor batcheller was great. She gives useful feedback, cares about you, and also has a way better fashion sense than any grad student I've taken a class from
5.0 : Prof B is amazing! English is not my best subject, and I worried a lot taking a literature class. But her lectures were super interesting and relatable. She makes students write short reading journals and some papers. Just show up in class and show her that you are trying hard and doing your work, and you'll get a good grade. She's super sweet!!
4.0 : She's so sweet and gives great feedback. The class is super easy as long as you do all the work and show up to class. There are two major essays, a few journals, free writes, and a creative project. If you get a low grade for a major essay you can revise it for a better grade. She tries to make the class enjoyable and relatable to all majors.
5.0 : Puts a lot of emphasis on personal voice as a writer. You do use the textbook. Two major essays and a creative project. I really enjoyed having her; she made a lot of what we learned relatable to things currently happening in our world. Would definitely take her class again!
5.0 : Prof. Batcheller is really cool and relatable. She expects alot out of you, but is always available to help you. I felt like she really wanted me to be a better writer! I would definetly take this class again--it's nice to have a professor that cares, and she is funny too.
5.0 : Shenck is one of the best professors at gmu!! She definitely cares about her students and how well they do in the class, she is also super experienced, she told us how she has done field studies and specializes in African countries. Please take her class, you will thoroughly enjoy it!
5.0 : Professor Schenk is very passionate and you will not regret taking her for a CHHS elective! She lectures for the whole hour and fifteen minutes of class, and sometimes it is overwhelming because she talks really fast. Exams are open note, assignments are fairly easy,  a lot of small group projects. I highly recommend taking her! Easy A!
4.0 : She's really cool and has a lot of amazing experience that is fun to hear about. She is very informative and has so much knowledge. Groups projects are for the sake of learning which is awesome. 2 exams, online, open book and 2 other assignments that are easy and are meant for you to learn above all else. She also had a cool accent. Take her!
4.0 : Take Schenk seriously, show up, and do the assignments and its hard not to get an A in her class. Two exams were open note. She is helpful and passionate about her field. Lots of group work. Only annoying thing was the way she pronounces "schedule" and "issue." I took her for three hours on a friday morning, its doable.
5.0 : She's a good professor and she definitely is very passionate about the subject. The class itself is very much like common sense. I skipped class for a whole month. Her lectures are long and boring but the class is so easy that it makes up for it. The final term is open note and the other assignments are basically mini research projects. Easy!
3.0 : Dr. Cebral is a genius and it always willing to help students, which is good, because fluids mech. is very tough. Most homework can't be found online, so get help from him if you're stuck. He grades leniently, so long as you made a good attempt at the problem. I didn't find the textbook very useful, so make sure to go to class to get the info.
5.0 : The material is very difficult so make sure you ask a lot of questions and go to office hours! Do all the homework problems and take good notes.
5.0 : He's really nice and very helpful. Definitely take him. He is very approachable and tries to help you whenever he can.
5.0 : He's nice, but he is a little tough grader. Not bad though. Make sure you prepare for the lab and do not take the class lightly.
5.0 : He is a good teacher. He helps if asked and even walks around the room. He is not an easy grader, but if you know what you are doing you will do fine.
4.0 : M. Chanethom makes the class very interactive- you're not going to be able to hide in the back and not answer. He doesn't check that you've done the readings but seriously- do them. He has a very engaging and amiable teaching style and his feedback is solidly honest.
4.0 : I wish he understood that this course wasn't designed for students who want to excel in the language. A fantastic professor, but often times tried too hard to make us love the language even though the vast majority were only taking it to graduate. He gives great feedback and is really helpful if you want to learn.
5.0 : A lot of readings to learn API, which hard and you need to study it. Tests, final project, videojournals and summarizing articles to turn in. Tests all FRQ with essay. Don't need access code but do need textbook. Read before class. In class discussions for participation. Very nice. Gave feedback. Would take again.
5.0 : All you have to do is come to class and be prepared to talk in French. All his tests and assignments are easy. He is a really good professor and explains all phonetic material clearly.
5.0 : Interesting lectures and knows his stuff. You will have to work but nothing more than a regular upper level class
5.0 : Awesome professor. Would recommend
5.0 : One of the hardest class I have taken at George Mason, but well worth it.
5.0 : Prof. Wiesen is a terrific professor. He gives you everything you need to pass the exams and actually learn accounting. No need to purchase the textbook, but will need online access.   Highly recommend taking him, as he actual cares about his students doing well in his class.
1.0 : The accounting department has done a horrible job at making this class manageable to pass. Three exams worth 450 points, one paper worth 14 points and homework well don't bother doing it all because they only allow 36 max points for a total of 500. He's a tough grader and won't give credit for trying. Notes are nothing like the exams!
4.0 : Intermediate accounting is hard. It's not a cakewalk, you literally need to study every letter in the notes. Wiesen is the best accounting professor I've ever had at Mason. He explains concepts with a lot of clarity and once you start doing the problems, they're not hard, it's just a matter of remembering concepts. Take him!
5.0 : Prof Wiesen is very nice. He explains the material well and gives good examples. He is always willing to help with your questions in class or outside class. ACCT 331 is a hard class, so expect to work hard. But as long as you go over your notes and the examples over and over again, you can get a decent grade.
5.0 : Prof Wiesen is really awesome and a great teacher. The course itself is difficult and not easy to pass. You have to put in time! Review the lecture notes, practice the problems, do the homework and do the supplement problems in Connect. And then do it again. It takes practice and time. 2 test, final and a paper.
5.0 : Prof Wiesen is the best you can get for this class. He is very organized and explains clearly. His lectures are not boring at all. 331 is a very tough class; you have to work hard for it, but he will help you. He is very accessible and always ready to help. We never used the book, but you do need connect access. Take him! Ands he is good looking!!
5.0 : The best professor I've ever had
5.0 : Professor Wiesen is by far the best accounting professor at Mason! He truly cares for his students and wants them to be successful. He is always accessible outside of class to help clarify any complex topic. 331 is HARD! Lots of work just to pass the class and exams are tricky!!! Understand the concepts to do well. BONUS: This man is good looking!
5.0 : Good. Wears a lot of black.
5.0 : The best accounting teacher ever! Must take for Acct 331, wish he was also an Acct 203 teacher. The notes he posts are very easy to understand and require you to fill them out as he goes over them in detail during class. All you really need are his notes to study. Ask questions. Grades are from hmwrk and exam only. Warning: he is handsome.
5.0 : He is the best. He is hot.
5.0 : Professor Wiesen is very organized and clearly explains all the concepts. This is a tough course, but he makes it fairly simple to understand. His exams are straightforward. The final made me cry a little but still manageable. I would definitely recommend him for 331.
5.0 : He is the best professor for this course. My advise for this course is practice, practice and practice. Final exam is hard so you need to do some problems in the book. Pay attention to what he emphasizes b/c it will be on the test.
4.0 : Professor Taylor is the best professor. No need to read the text book. His lecture is more than enough.
5.0 : I think he is the best of all other accounting Professors. He is young but very knowledgeable. It was my 3rd time taking 331 and I felt that his teaching style is different(in a better way) from other two. Would love to take him again.
4.0 : Professor Johnson is a great teacher, I loved her class and learned so much. The class over all is easy just show-up and participate and you will be fine. Most work is submitted through Blackboard. there is one research paper and a group project both of which are easy to do.
5.0 : She was a tad intimidating at first but I ended up really enjoying her class. She made the 3 hr lecture fly by. I definitely learned a lot. The class is reading heavy and there are lots of projects but if you follow her rubric you will do fine. Attendance is mandatory. She docks a point from your final grade for every class you miss.
5.0 : She is an absolute gem of a person! Yes, there were a few assignments I didn't like, but that doesn't take away from her personality and teaching abilities. She was very helpful, very funny, really made me feel welcome (as a freshman in an upper level course). I learned a lot from her class, and her lectures were inspirational. I'd take her again!
4.0 : Negatives: VERY reading heavy class, if you miss class without adequate reason (-2) points deducted from your OVERALL grade, and she doesn't describe AAA style (which is essentially Chicago style) very well.   Positives: She is a very pleasant and understanding person, truly. Her lectures are very interesting and sometimes interactive.
5.0 : He is the best. Lots of reading but that can be overlooked when you are having fun in class and having great discussions during class.
5.0 : He gives really fun and easy to understand assignments. He's always available to ask questions either over email or office hours. He also works for the writing center so he knows what he's talking about. Class is fun/chill
5.0 : I actually had fun in this class. It was really laid back and the professor even said we could call him by his first name! He gives really good feedback and was super nice. Would definetly take again.
5.0 : Ryan was so cool--he even said we could call him by his first name! The class was really laid back and he was really nice--not what I expected from a college professor. He also gave really good feedback. Wish I could have him for all my classes
5.0 : Even though the syllabus says any late work will be a 0, I submitted most of my things on Mondays after they were due and I got full credit and great test scores. You will need the textbook for some of the quizzes for readings I couldn't find online, so it's good to get that. Also, the final paper is "no more than 2 to 3 pages in length".
5.0 : This man is awesome, extremely understanding. Late work is accepted for full credit. 6 week course. Every week is 1 test(10 questions)/1 discussion boards (3-4 optional questions). Final paper is 2-3 pages. I didn't start doing the work till 3 weeks in and i was able to turn things late. Do everything you'll do great!
4.0 : Professor Farruggia was a real gem for a required gen-ed class. The homework was super easy and he seemed to be a generous grader. The online course was only 6 weeks, and he uploaded all of the learning material at the beginning of the course, so you could work ahead if you wanted to. The final paper was "no more than 2-3 pages in length."
4.0 : Prof. Farruggia is an easy A. He uploads the content for the entire semester and reminds you what's due each week. Weekly quizzes &amp; DB posts, and one 2-3 pg term paper. Put in the effort, do it on time, and you'll get an A. The lecture slides are sufficient w/out listening to the lecture. Don't need to do the readings, but need the text for tests.
4.0 : Great Class! The whole course is available from the beginning so you can work ahead. Read the lecture slides, study the chapter for the quiz, and write a 2-3 page final you will pass with an A. Interesting course!
5.0 : Prof. Gentille is amazing. Took her Child Life course, and she's terrific. The weekly modules are easy (usually readings and maybe a DB post), there are 2 major hw assignments, 2 tests, and a final. Likes short answer questions, but tests are short and easy. She's very knowledgeable and involved in Child Life, so, if you want the best, take her.
5.0 : The best economics course I have taken so far.   Class is heavy on reading, but lectures are very easy.  No exams, but there is a final and a two page paper.
5.0 : Priscilla is an amazing person and a great professor!  You have to take her class if you get a chance!
4.0 : Lindsey was cool and we learned interesting stuff about communications that I never really thought about. There were a lot of assignments though
5.0 : Lindsey was nice and really funny. She joked around and the class envirenment was cool.  It wasn't hard but there was so much busy work. Be prepared to write a lot of papers.
5.0 : First year teaching so he was still figuring everything out. He is very reasonable and easy to approach. Two exams, three short homework assignments, and a group project. His grading was fair and gave partial credit anywhere he could.
5.0 : Hadi was a great professor, if you go to his office hours he will help you understand the material conceptually. MUST study for the mid-term and final -- questions slightly tricky but manageable. Would take again
5.0 : He knows what he is teaching, and you can tell. He is able to teach it very well. Don't except an easy A, but as long as you understand what he has gone over, and what he tells you you're supposed to know, then you'll be okay for midterm and final. He assigned homework once a week, it wasn't too hard, but TA grades them pretty harsh.
4.0 : Overall he is a good professor. He is not extremely nice and welcoming, but he does a good job at teaching.
5.0 : He is a very smart professor and knows his stuff. He is always willing to help you if you have any question.
5.0 : I wasn't particularly interested in Event Technology but he made me appreciate it. He makes sure everyone understands the material and lets you red-do the projects until you get the grade you want. He also gives helpful feedback on the projects, in addition- he does not keep you the whole time in class. Overall pretty good.
5.0 : Professor Dunayer is very experienced and caring. The topic is not going to interest everyone, but it is very useful within the Events/Theater industry. The course has 3 projects (takes 2 hours each), 3 tests (average 40 minutes) and 1 final. On top of that, he lets you redo projects. Very easy class, cool professor. Would recommend.
5.0 : Great professor. Usually gives 1-2 extra days on HW. The HW can be challenging- be sure to pay attention in class &amp; take notes. I rented the textbook but didn't use it, for studying it's better to review the HW and lecture notes. Attendance isn't mandatory BUT there is always graded class work. Exams not cumulative. Taking him for BUS 310 too.
5.0 : Great professor. He really wants the students to understand the material and will stop in class to help any student that is behind. Do the HW, show up to class, and if you have questions GO TO his office hours! Seriously. His HW's are harder than the exams but you have to know your stuff for the exams. Attendance is a must. took him for bus 210/310
5.0 : Dr. Khago is a great professor! He takes time to explain everything thoroughly, he wants his students to understand the material very well, as long as you pay attention and do the HW  you'll do fine! The in class work is easy and you get to work with other students. He does reviews before exams and he responds to emails quickly!
5.0 : He's one of the best professors I've ever had! He will not move on to another topic until every single student understands the current material. His homework is harder than the exams so it prepares you really well for what counts the most towards your grade. He offers tons of guidance and help outside class and genuinely cares about you. TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : Professor Khago was amazing! He made sure that students understood the concepts. The homework was harder than the tests, so that you had the opportunity to practice and understand the concepts before the test. The tests were simple and straightforward. Be sure to go to class to get easy points for in-class work. Would highly suggest him!
5.0 : Professor Khago, best professor for BUS 210 His lectures are very detailed and backed up by examples. Hold office hours for 1 hour before class, Exam are straight forward but not easy. You have to know your stuff. HW is much harder though, which actually helps in exam. Attend lectures and do the HW, you will pass.  Lack in communication via Email.
4.0 : This professor makes the class so interesting with his engaging style of lecture that 3 hours feel like 30 mins. He's funny yet knows how to be a leader. Currently, chief of police in Alexandria. Great guy! Engaging class.
5.0 : He makes his lectures very engaging and has a great spirit for teaching. He's chief of Alexandria County Police Dept. He shares a lot of stories which grab your attention, guest speakers. Very helpful and nice guy. I wish he taught more classes at Mason
5.0 : Huchler is by far my favorite CRIM professor at Mason. It is sad that he is only an adjunct and doesn't teach many classes. He makes his lectures very engaging and shows videos as well that he finds educational. He knows this is a required class and tries to make it as enjoyable as possible. I HIGHLY recommend taking Huchler!
4.0 : Amazing guy. He's Dep. Chief of Alexandria Police and has so much experience to relate back to the material. He used Connect for homework; only downside was that you couldn't access the e-book. Easy class - you'll want to participate! He's lighthearted and is open to different opinions. Grades are homework, midterm and final (all online).
4.0 : He cares about your success in the class. Gives feedback when needed. Tests are based on the textbook-if you read you'll do well. He includes students in the lecture so participate as it will make the class more enjoyable. Midterm, reading assignments, participation, 5pg paper, &amp; final make up your grade.
3.0 : There is one midterm, a final, and a group project. Going to class is mandatory since she takes attendance. I found the subject dry, but it is really up to you to read the textbook and do well on the exam. She helps you to understand the material by showing videos and there were some small group discussions.
5.0 : She is amazing, very inspirational. Show up and do the homework and you will get an A. Multiple choices, short and long essay midterm and final. One Project and in class essay 4% of the grade. Very helpful easy to understand. She made me like business very creative and gives a good feedback. Take her and you will not regret.
5.0 : Best prof I've had so far!! She is caring and makes sure everybody is on the same page. One midterm and one final. She is very lenient and easy grader.
5.0 : Professor Austin is very responsive to feedback from her students, she will work with you if you need help, class is engaging and interesting, she is a very fair and nice professor. I would recommend her to anyone.
4.0 : Her lectures are engaging and discussion based. She discusses the topics in depth and cares about your grade. She offers many opportunities to make up assignments if something comes up and you can't do them. There is one group project that is fairly easy if the work is evenly divided up. Speaking of workload, there is one Reading Quiz per week.
5.0 : Professor Austin has been my favorite professor this semester. She is super sweet and overall and easy professor. If you engage in her discussions and listen to her lectures you will pass. She posts all her powerpoint on blackboard and has study guides for the exams. Overall, a great professor! I am taking her again for BUS200 for sure!
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : Professor Austin is so nice!! She posts lecture slides on Blackboard, provides a midterm and a final exam study guide, and encourages in-class discussion. Btw some of the questions from the reading quizzes WILL appear on the midterm and final exam, so make sure you review them as well as the summary and key terms at the end of each chapter.
5.0 : Great professor. Her powerpoint are posted and the midterm and final has multiple choice which is exactly the reading quizzes she has. Group project, follow the rubric and get an A. Very easy and lenient grader.
5.0 : Hands down best prof! She is super sweet and caring! I have had great conversations with her outside of class. Expect interesting class discussions, group projects, and some papers. Tests are super easy! There's a midterm and final(not cumulative). She is a very easy grader, as long as you show understanding of the material you'll get A.
5.0 : i miss this class!! one of my favorites so far
5.0 : Beyond helpful! Always trying to make class more exciting and enjoyable. Respects everyone's opinions. She doesn't give too much work, and the work she gives is actually helpful! She even gives extra credit points for things. AWESOME!
5.0 : I've never thought about things we talked about in class like this before.  Changed how I see composition and writing in normal life.
4.0 : This online class is fairly easy. The Professor isnt much but a buffer between his students and the material the course coordinator puts out. It is all video lectures and discussion  board with some other assignments. He is very responsive.
5.0 : The online class is well put together everything is laid out for you. The professor is really nice and very responsive, does his best to help the students. If you show him you put in effort he will grade you accordingly. Group project we didn't actually meet to present but turned in a powerpoint. Exams are in person on campus. Would recommend him.
5.0 : Great teacher with lots of feedback, always available for help. Already having a career, family, and now school full time some of my assignments were late. The professor was very helpful and worked with me not against me. More teachers should be this way. Take him if you can!!
5.0 : Great Professor with lots of feedback, always available for help. Having a career, family, and now school full time some of my assignments were late. The professor was very helpful and worked with me not against me. More teachers should be this way. Take him if you can!! Some assignments took awhile to be graded was the only negative.
5.0 : He is one of the lab professors for geology102. Best lab professor ever!! Great guy who know his stuff, takes you on a field trips, gives you lots of extra credit, lets you have extra time to do the lab and material. Super nice, and makes the class interesting! I learned more in this lab than any other class. Its low pressure,show up and put effort
5.0 : One of the best professors ever. Super chill guy that makes the class interesting, and obviously really cares about his students. There needs to be more professors like Jim.
5.0 : It's a privilege to rate Professor Jones first. She is such an amazing professor and human being. Her lectures are full of energy. There was a research paper, a 10 hour field experience requirement, paper, and presentation, and a short article share paper. Its impressive how she will learn everyone's names in the class.
4.0 : I was scared to take public speaking but Prof. Garland-Jackson makes it less nerve-wrecking. She is laid back but a fair teacher and helpful. Take her!
4.0 : He is a really good teacher and he puts a lot of effort in his lectures and his material. It was easy to review for his tests because his notes were helpful. MAKE sure to READ the syllabus!! Some weekends he assigns a lot of work and make sure to prepare cause he won't change his schedule. Class can sometimes be boring but just get the work done!
4.0 : Prof. Repinecz is very nice, and most of his classes involve discussions on different reading material that he puts out. He does not update your grades on blackboard, however, so you won't know your grade for the entire semester unless you ask him for it. Also he takes off points when you come to class late or don't come at all.
5.0 : Class participation and readings are imperative, the syllabus can be a little intimidating but class went well and I learned a lot. Makes you dig a little deeper. Very open, very respectful. I have taken 3 other courses with her. Love her!
5.0 : I took 475 Representations of Race. This class was MIND BLOWING, MIND OPENING, and changed my perspective on how I see things everyday now. If you want to learn about real things in the world, about real injustices, take classes with Professor Scott-Constantine. I'm taking her representations class next semester and can't be more excited!
4.0 : I love Suzanne. This is the second class I have taken with her. She is very passionate about what she teaches. She expects students to show up and actually do the readings and assignments. Easy class if you do the work, if you don't do the work it can be really difficult to get a good grade.
3.5 : I was not open to this class at first, but after speaking with her and sitting through class the whole semester, I am changed for the better. The learning logs are super easy, and the books are interesting. Class goes by pretty quick. The only thing that was not clear was the group project, so hope that you are placed in a group that pays attention
5.0 : First class that I took with Suzanne and I would definitely take more of her classes. Learned so much in such a great environment. She is incredibly passionate about what she teaches and really makes it a joy to learn from her. Her classes were engaging and they flew by. There were a fair amount of assignments but none were too challenging.
5.0 : Really great professor! She gives a lot of work, but it's really not hard, you just have to do it. She is so sweet and really cares about her students. What I like about her is that she shows interest in students' lives and not just their grades. Would take her!!!
5.0 : Go to each class, record the lecture so that you don't miss any important examples and study off the power points. There are online quizzes so do well on those. Do not expect any curves. Exams are 2/3 multiple choice and 1/3 short answer.  Doesn't let you at the exam with you but you can go see it during her office hours.
4.0 : Record her lectures, do her study guides, actually go to class. It is a tough class, it's not easy since its just SO MUCH INFO. She's great though, she really explains the content and wants everyone to understand. Ask questions esp. when she dedicates the class before the exam as a review. If you put in the effort you'll do great, just keep up.
5.0 : I agree with recording her lectures and showing up to class, especially on the class right before an exam. She doesn't play tricks, lets you know exactly what you need to know for the exams. It is a 400-level biology class so it's not a breezy class. Don't really need the textbook, use the ppts and her recordings. Overall a humble professor.
5.0 : She is very sweet and thorough with her lectures. Going to class is going to be important to keep up with the material. Her tests should not be surprising if you study... so study!!! Dr. Hunnell will help you through it:)
5.0 : Dr. Hunnell does her best to make Anatomy bearable. Everything in her exams comes straight from her powerpoints, which can be very long. No textbook required, final is not cumulative (but there is a bonus cumulative section for extra points). Exams are multiple choice/short answer, nothing tricky. Very sweet and approachable, highly recommend her.
3.0 : Be prepared to take the hardest class in your life. Honestly having a good professor does not make any difference if you do not study. Dr. Hunnell is a good instructor but attending lectures alone will not make you get an A . This class's points get combined with lab points so if you have been messing up in lab expect getting a C THERE IS NO CURVE
5.0 : Professor Hurley is an amazing guy. He teaches his students self-care techniques such as deep breathing exercises and is easy to get in touch with outside of class (he responds to emails within a couple of hours or so). He is clearly a very caring social worker and a wonderful professor. He really helps keep things in perspective. He's a real gem.
5.0 : Great professor, not intimidating like many professors! Shares great insight from his experience in the field. He truly cares for his students! I took him twice!
5.0 : Prof McHale is the nicest, most caring guy ever and is willing to compromise and help you with anything!  His lectures are long and take up the 3 hours, but he is so interested in what he's teaching about so if you try to pay attention, they can be interesting.  There's also a 30 page final project, but it isn't that bad!
4.0 : Dr. Genetin-Pilawa is very knowledgable, specializing in Native American and public history. Assignments are very clear and classes are intriguing. He is very soft-spoken and relies on student participation to keep the class discussion moving. Expects crystal-clear theses in papers. Definitely worth taking if possible.
4.0 : I had Prof. Kuhn for his first semester teaching. He uses the the textbook, but the readings he often provided on BB were much more interesting. There's a few essays, which he gives clear instructions for, but he's a bit of a tough grader. However, he gave the opportunity to improve our grades and he gave excellent feedback.  He's also quite shy.
3.0 : He's a tough grader when it comes to essays. Make sure you really proofread and take it to the writing center if you want a A+. He can be a bit awkward and shy usually but he's a nice guy who will give chances to bring up your grade.
4.0 : Professor Kuhn is very smart, and you can tell he really cares, and puts lots of effort into teaching. However, his works he chooses to teach with are VERY explicit, controversial, and sexual. He is flexible, and accessible out of class. Hes a really good teacher, I just wish he chose different works! Participation is a huge part of the grade.
5.0 : This class is easy while teaching critical analysis. If you go to class and attempt to participate the class becomes stimulating and enjoyable to follow along. The books Professor Kuhn chooses are good reads. There's a lot of enjoyment to be had from taking this professor. He changed what literature meant to me and ignited a joy in literature.
5.0 : Professor Russell is great! He encourages participation and part of your grade depends on your participation. Lots of group projects and discussions. He gives good feedback.
5.0 : She is a very understanding teacher. She tried her best to help her students to succeed. Total three papers, the last one is a group project. she is the best teacher I ever had in GMU. She  Developed Positive Attitudes and Perceptions About Learning.
5.0 : In her class right now for MGMT 464, I'd definitely take another MGMT course with her. Everything is really clear so nothing is tricky at all. Very nice, cares for her students to succeed, and extremely nice. Online midterm 30%, online final 30%, one big group project 40%. Go to class, work well with your group, and you'll get an A.
5.0 : good
4.0 : Dr. Jamal is one of the best among GMU professors. make every effort to make you understand. 3 exams + final.
5.0 : Take this course- 75% grade from exams-25% homework. Good to show up- do the homework and you'll do well.
5.0 : Lisa Macedo is a fair, reasonable, AWESOME professor!! She expects a lot, but also gives back a lot. She gives breaks on assignment deadlines and extra credit. I learned a ton in her class. She keeps everyone talking in groups and very engaged. If you can take a class from her, take it!!!!
5.0 : Professor Macedo is a great person! She really knows her subject. Just do all assignments on time. She also provides grading criteria for each paper. So you know exactly what's expected from you. Not hard at all. Assignments are very interesting. Take her!
5.0 : Professor Macedo is an amazing English professor. She really helps you develop an understanding of how to write a college paper. She assigns three major projects and smaller projects throughout the semester. She does take attendance and your attendances effects your participation grade. If you try in her class you will get an A in the class.
5.0 : He cares.
4.0 : He's the chillest microbio lab TA ever! He's very patient with student questions. His quizzes are easy and he grades lab reports fairly too. His lab class is very straightforward. He even curved one of our quiz grades because the class average was kinda low. As long as you do your work, an A or B is guaranteed in his class. Recommend taking him.
5.0 : He's super chill. He's not too harsh when grading the lab exercises. He's quizzes are easy and straightforward. You should end up with an A or B if you put in minimal work.
5.0 : this dude is cool. he explains things in clarity! he is the best
5.0 : Best TA ever!! Explains everything so well better than the professor. Would recommend as a TA.
5.0 : He's probably one of the best UTA I have ever had. he's really good at explaining things and cares a lot about your progress in the class. Very nice person. He won't stop explaining till you get it. I recommend just going to his office hour for help!
5.0 : He is a good guy - explains well concepts
4.0 : The class is easy if you know about router and IP addresses' basics. Professor is helpful but I did not like his teaching style. He offers extra credit in exams which can bump up your grade by "latter" so try your best in exams.
4.0 : I'm not particularly enthralled with Human Factors as a subject, but Professor Lee made the class interesting and thought provoking. I always left class feeling that I'd learned something new, and really made me think about technology in a more nuanced way. Professor Lee was very nice and easy to talk to- being new to GMU I found this very welcome.
4.0 : Her class was solid, although her lectures did get a bit boring they did help for exams. What i like about her is that she can review with you about anything &amp; she is up to date when it comes to grading. Her study guides were super helpful &amp; there was a group project in the end of class too which isn't bad at all. She didn't require a textbook :)
4.0 : Her lectures are dry, but they cover everything that is on the test. She also gives a study guide for each test, which she goes over with you. There is a group project, but she gives you plenty of time and has you do it systematically, so you cannot procrastinate. The final is optional, and open note.
5.0 : Dr. Wiggins is an excellent and caring professor who really tries to make sure you understand the material. It's a shame that his tests come directly from the text, so there's no motivation to actually pay attention or come to class. Easy A, and if you want to learn a bit about MIS, this is a solid place to start.
5.0 : Professor Wiggins is one of the best professors I've ever had. I loved his teaching style. He moves around, seeks participation, and loves conversations as long as they are within the subject. He will stay late after class to help you without regard of time. I learned a lot from his class that I am applying to my personal life and work life.
5.0 : Loved this professor. Very smart, interesting lectures and a real passion for social justice. Lots of reading (but it's a doctoral class, so that's expected) but totally transformative---i learned so much. I can't wait to take additional courses with her!
5.0 : Jason's the sweetest LA I've ever encountered at GMU. Two papers and weekly Sniffy assignments that are all doable. You learn from Sniffy and if you need any extra help, Jason is more than willing to help you. If you have a chance to take a class with him, do it! He's understanding and even adorable.
5.0 : One of the best profs in CEIE. Clear notes (no wasted time copying the board), lectures, &amp; explanations. Very enthusiastic about teaching &amp; engaging students (utilizes props/projects/software) . Accessible &amp; generous w/ office hours/responding to questions. Tests/HWs are long/hard (but fair) &amp; feedback is valuable (but takes time with returning).
5.0 : Dr. Batts is a true asset to the Civil department. Great lectures that are easy to follow. He cares about his students and goes out of his way to make sure you understand. Test difficulty is standard - reasonable. Take him if you can!
5.0 : He makes me want to go to his 7:30 am lectures, enough said.
5.0 : I've had him for 4 classes and got A's each time (2 were 7:30am lectures), and I'm taking him again next semester! Expectations are very clear and he's really passionate about teaching. Super detail-oriented, but had a tendency to fall behind the syllabus (he's super involved on campus). Def recommend him!
5.0 : Best Professor in the Civil Engineering Department at GMU!!
5.0 : When a lot of students asked her about a problem that was due, she went over it as a class rather than letting everyone get it wrong. She is very helpful and a creative teacher. She has a degree in teaching so she knows what she's doing and she's a great lab instructor for biodiversity. Would recommend!
5.0 : Ms. Tedder is awesome!! Biodiversity is not easy, but she makes it better by allowing us to choose from different types of recitation activities. She is super nice and always answers questions with enthusiasm! Lab practicals are pretty straight forward. For quizzes study BOTH the ppts and the manual. Take lots of pictures during lab...
5.0 : She is a very nice and helpful person. Her classes are fun. My classes was late in the night but I enjoyed every single session that I had with her. The recitation part is very creative and fun. The quizzes and practical is reasonable and straight forward. Don't need to put a lot of effort to get an A. LOVE HER CLASSES.
5.0 : Ms. Tedder was amazing!! Quizzes were easy and made the class fun and stimulating. Doesnt make you do all the extra work. The practicals are only tough if you dont study. If you can, take her!!
5.0 : she's a wonderful teacher!! each class she will go through the powerpoint which is uploaded onto black board.  she does not take attendance and the text book is not required.  There are 3 exams, and are all take home and open note.  easy A class.  There is a final group project or you can write a one page paper instead.
5.0 : Easiest class ever. Lucy emphasizes how she wants this class to be easy and stress free and it is! Three take home tests, no attendance, and presentation or one page paper project. She's also really cute and flexible and ended the semester early so we could focus on harder classes! Amazing professor!!!
5.0 : Easiest class ever! All the exams are online, don't show up to class on tests days either. Only one group project at the end of the semester, but you can write a one page paper instead. Lectures were quick and fast, even though it was a 7:20-10 pm class, we usually got out at 8:30 max!
5.0 : Profesor Stillerova makes this class really interesting. She is passionate about the subject and her lectures are clear. She is also very nice and pretty. Attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : Great class and great teacher! I would recommend this class.
5.0 : Professor Stillerova is AMAZING. She is very nice and provides you with everything you need to be successful. Attendance is taken, but not required. She uses its for extra credit. Al her exams are online and you don't show up to class on exam day. She gives you a week to complete the exam. SHE IS AMAZING. Please take her, you won't regret it!
5.0 : One of the best classes I've taken at GMU.
5.0 : Professor Stillerova is very nice and lectures are very clear. Exams are online. Take this class, it's awesome.
5.0 : She has you call her by her first name and is super sweet and friendly!! I would take her again in a heartbeat! She was always around to help and really cares about her students
5.0 : Very good professor! Super easy, exams were all take home and the group project at the end of the year was graded super easily.
3.0 : really needs to work on his lecture technique. Very long-winded, doesn't stay on topic which leaves us confused as to whether or not this particular "story" is pertinent.
5.0 : He's the most impressive prof I've had.  He's interviewed ISIS defectors &amp; was chief of police in Ankara. He is long winded but an easy grader. Grades are based on midterm, final, 2 presentations &amp; 1 paper. His tests are simple, he gives brief study guide in class, &amp; is more focused on quality than due dates. Student advocate. Highly recommend.
5.0 : One of the most knowledgable professors I've ever had. He's interesting to listen to and is very easy going. You have to engage with the material for each assignment (a paper, a presentation, and two exams), and he grades very fairly. He also has a more subtle sense of humor that's kind of cute when it comes out.
5.0 : The material itself can be difficult to understand but he expects a very reasonable level of comprehension &amp; cares that his students are learning. As other posts have mentioned, he cares more about quality of work than meticulous grading or deadlines. For presentations, he gave credit just for making a powerpoint if the person was unable to present
3.0 : He was really nice but I feel like his lectures were very repetitive
5.0 : Very lecture heavy and can be a bit dragging at times but taking his class is so worth it. He has incredible anecdotes about working in the CT field and is very reputable. He's very easy going when it comes to grading and is easy to get a hold of.
5.0 : Dr. Yayla is definitely one of the nicest and kindest professors at the GMU. His class is very interesting and easy. He is not there to fail you, has objective to teach you and that's what he does. There is one paper, one presentation, midterm and final exam (which he will give you study guide for). Super super cool professor. Take him!
5.0 : I agree with what others have already posted. Dr. Yayla is great! He's very knowledgeable and friendly. Cares more about quality of learning than grades.
4.0 : He was the Chief of Police for terrorism in Turkey for over a decade so he has a solid background. He teaches students about the difference between Islam and terrorism so they can differ between normal Muslims and terrorists. He has a strong Turkish accent but gives good lectures. Good professor. Take him!
5.0 : Very interesting course. There are a lot of works though. Lectures were super helpful. Learned a lot in this class. If you do your homework, read the textbook, and pay attention in class, you should be able to get an A. Highly recommend this professor.
5.0 : I'm not sure what the commenter below me is referring to- this class has no textbook and there is no HW. There's a midterm and a final, both MC and there's a group project and a short paper. It's a neat class, not particularly challenging, but interesting. Dr. Chandhoke will do everything in his power to make sure you get an A. He's solid.
5.0 : He's the sweetest professor I have ever had!! He is soo nice and caring and makes mechanisms of aging the least stressful class for you!! Take him! His tests are very straightforward and easy.
4.0 : If you really pay attention, you'll learn a lot. His lectures aren't very exciting but they are informational. He's a nice guy and willing to be flexible if you have issues.
5.0 : Great professor, really funny, but heavy accent. Some students dropped because they couldn't understand what he was saying. Attending lecture is super important, most of the test material comes from class. Gives great exam prep - focus on terms. One five page paper, super easy.
3.0 : He's a brand new teacher. His teaching is really entertain. He's nice overall. However, the problem is he assigned too many essays (don't take this with Engh class). And, there are around 5 presentation. Participant is 10-15%. Not recommended for shy and nervous people. Some of His topics required a lot of critical thinking.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had! It's mostly papers and presentations but ther not that hard. After taking this class I feel more career ready, my critical thinking has improved, and I know more about the business world then I did before. He is hilarious, tells great stories and gives great career advice! Highly recommend!
5.0 : Such a great professor. So nice, super respectful. Class was easy b/c he made it easy. Awesome professor!
5.0 : She speaks so fast that you might need to focus to keep in track. other than that she's really good and helpful on your paper.
5.0 : love her, gives great feedback and cares about every student in the class. she is very helpful and listens to the students
5.0 : Had her last summer for Math 108. She is super nice and grades easily. Very approachable. Take her if you can!
4.0 : TA for Calc 2. She was incredibly smart. She taught me far more than the actual professor ever did.
5.0 : I took her class in the summer, take her if you can because her tests and quizzes are even easier then the homework problems. She tests on basic material. Also, she is really good and explaining.
5.0 : A very good teacher. If you come to class and take notes and study from your notes, you'll definitely get a good grade. She puts all the notes on blackboard and gives a lot of examples online to help you prepare for the homework and the tests.
5.0 : Had her for recitation in Calc II. She is extremely generous w/ grading. If you're even sort of right, she'll give you at least partial credit. I walked out of exams thinking I'd failed, and found out I'd gotten a B afterwards instead. She will also go out of her way to explain material to you.
5.0 : Richie is one of my all time favorite professors  at GMU. He is so sincere and very experienced within the field. His in class discussions makes up the class but unlike other lecture classes, it is very student involved and discussion based. Everything we do in class is relevant to the field of work. I would highly recommend anyone to take him!
4.0 : I love History overall, so I really enjoyed this class. He is a great Professor, but be ready for the lectures. It can be quite tough as I had the class from 7 pm to 10pm, but it was fun overall. His grading is very clear, but the grading on the readings can be a bit tough. Exams are long, with an essay, but if you know the material, it'll be fine.
4.0 : Takes Attendance, and doesn't have patience for goofing off or sleeping in-class, but is otherwise pretty chill and helpful. Lectures are pretty detailed, but good notes will help. Occasionally throws out a pop quiz, but also has a few extra credit assignments. Homework is mostly short "essay" prompts about historical documents, not too hard
3.0 : He demands respect in terms of attending the course and staying off your phone and awake during lectures and may seem really harsh about it. But honestly its understandable because gives so much information. His lectures are heavy in detail and if you don't take notes you'll find yourself really confused on exams. If you need help he will help you.
3.0 : Super rude but he was an okay prof. Just show up to class, total stickler for attendance and a very high penalty for missing more than 2 classes. Take good notes, like literally type out everything he says it actually helps a lot for papers and tests.  He does give out extra credit. Just take him if you need to take the class, not super difficult.
4.0 : Funny guy, really nice. Take notes and you'll pass.
5.0 : Professor Santelli is a great lecturer, he tries to keep the material from getting boring and he'll add modern things in so everyone understands. He cancelled class a lot during the semester because he has a young child. He also takes forever to grade things, so don't expect grades back quickly. Also, he's a huge stickler about paying attention.
5.0 : Santelli is a great prof! He makes lectures entertaining and connects really well with his students. He cancelled class a few times because of his child but it didnt cause any problems. PowerPoints are very useful, try not to miss them. Quizzes are rare, most are on blackboard. Definitely a great class!!
4.0 : great professor in terms of lecturing but powerpoint are vague so you have to write down everything he says. attendance is crucial, and I found him to be a tough grader. extra credit helps. His Lectures aren't boring, just don't sleep or use your phone in class
3.0 : good professor
5.0 : Very interesting lectures!
5.0 : Paolo is a detail oriented teacher. He is generally clear in demos in class. His feedback in critique is honest, and is sometimes difficult to hear, but you will become a better photographer. 4 to 6 new pictures every week....
5.0 : Poalo is an amazing professor and he will ALWAYS say it like it is. And that's something I really respect. He's not afraid of hurting your feelings. And in return, his critiques will most definitely make you a better photographer. 4-6 new prints every week, but they can be whatever you want them to be. He's pretty chill too, which is great.
5.0 : Paolos avt 252 class was stressful. Im definitely a better photographer and darkroom printer bc of this class. Paolo taught us truly make pictures and I will never look at a photograph in the same way. Why isnt this sharp!?
4.0 : Andrew is a great Chem lab instructor. He's always accessible outside of class for extra help, very helpful during the actual lab itself, and a genuinely nice person. It's still a chem lab, so it's not going to be easy.
5.0 : A true gem in the chemistry lab department. Not only is he really nice&amp;funny but also hes extremely helpful in lab. Accessible outside of class (office hours/email) highly recommend! Attend office hours bc explains lab in better detail and gives good feedback
4.0 : Henrietta demonstrates the lab, which not all of the lab techs will do. She is no nonsense, but if you try your best, she is willing to work with you. She sometimes gets cranky, but will typically be fine answering any questions, as she wants you to do well. Typically responds to email within a reasonable amount of time.
4.0 : As someone else said, she demonstrates the lab which is really helpful. She does get sassy if you ask a question she thinks is dumb, however she will try to help if you are genuinely struggling. She wants you to succeed. She's a little nit picky on grading but just inquire on what to do better to change it.
5.0 : Awesome lab instructor, who is helpful in the lab, knows the chem, and actually knows what's going on in the lab.  In general, this course is not easy, so a decent amount of work is needed no matter the instructor. Go to office hours to review lab reports and understand requirements, which will help in receiving better grades on later reports.
4.0 : He offers a lot of extra credit opportunities so that's nice. he is very nice and he cares about making sure his students understands the material and will answer any question. He also grades on participation so make sure you talk about the art in any way. The tests get to be a lot of information to study so study and try hard and you will be fine.
5.0 : This class was harder than I expected since it is a 100 course. Professor Daley is a solid choice for this class. If you practice and try your best you should do fine. most people got A's in the course. He pretty funny too.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Even though the class itself sucks(but very easy) he makes it 100 times more enjoyable. Honestly the best professor I have ever had! Would take him again if I could!
5.0 : Really enjoyed this class. Tough, but fair.
5.0 : Dr. Fattah is awesome. He is super straightforward and is always accessible when you need help. The material in this course is kinda boring, but he tries to make lectures as interesting as possible. There are three tests in this class, A LOT of HWs and TP assignments. Show up, pay attention at what the prof covers in class, and you'll be fine!
4.0 : First term at GMU. He's a really awesome (and handsome!) professor. Tries to make the class as interesting as possible. Gives lots of opportunities to learn via homework, in-class quizzes, extra credit, assignments, etc. He takes the time to help both in class and out and is straight-forward with what he wants. I hope to take more classes with him!
4.0 : There's a bunch of homework but literally all of them are right off Quizlet so it's not that bad. The lectures are pretty boring but not difficult, and professor is good about pacing them so that there's time for discussion and questions. Attendance isn't super necessary but sometimes he'll spring a quiz on you.
3.0 : The problem with this teacher is that he should be placed in upper levels classes, not 200's. He is very technical which makes it really hard to connect with student. Classes are 80% excel practice, but quizzes and exams are 50-50 concept and excel. The req' textbook is worthless, Youtube helps the most. He's not bad, is just not right one for 210.
4.0 : He can seem intimidating,  but he's a nice guy. There are tons of assignments but he helps you out on them, and at times even extend the deadlines. There are three exams which are Multiple choice and require a scantron. I wouldn't take him again though.
5.0 : Gives clear, helpful lectures and instructions there is no way you can't pass if you follow his syllabus, go to class and do your part. He goes extra miles to ensure his students understand the material, for example going over stats foundations so you're not just memorizing but understand how the excel functions solves the math. Best BUS 210 class
4.0 : He really is straightforward with what he wants and willing to help. Coms off kind of mean, but he is actually really nice, just talk to him! The tests were kind of hard due to the MC section, but as long as you show up and do the homeworks you'll get a good grade.
4.0 : Professor Fattah came off kind of mean at first but once you start talking to him and going to his office hours, you find him very nice and willing to help. Homework assignments every week, a couple quizzes, 3 exams and a final project. If you go to every class and ask for help you will pass the class!
5.0 : Absolutely take this prof. He is a good explainer and give good lectures. Just sit in front row so you can see the screen well. He gives weekly excel HW submitted thru BB, nothing hard. Gives Extra credits on every exam. Posts lecture slides and supplements on BB. Exam is pretty easy. Finals were even open note/book. Some pop-attendance checks.
4.0 : A good lecturer with extensive knowledge on the course, if you want to take MIS 303 and actually intend to learn and practice the material, take him.
5.0 : Gr8 Professor!!!! Makes you earn the grade, but  very knowledgeable and "really" wants you to do well &amp; learn. Anyone sayin he's rude /mean might be a lil overly sensitive in general. He expects you NOT to be disruptive in cls &amp; will call you out on it (ie talkin, texting in cls) thats called respecting the other stds &amp; having control of  the class
5.0 : Hes a really nice guy who is willing to help with the homework. He wants you to understand how to use Excel and Access and even if the class isn't directly related to your major he wants you to take something from it but at the same time understands its mandatory. Just go to class so you don't miss participation assignments
5.0 : I was actually failing first half of this class but and somehow got all 100's at the end. Hes a great professor and a very smart person, I actually look to him as a mentor. Best at mason!
5.0 : Abdelfettah is hands down the chillest professor! There are 3 exams and pop quizzes all on lock down browser, and a group proj. Also, there are Excel and Access assignments that will require time to complete. Just come to class, pay attention and do the work! I heard he is teaching MIS 330 (Systems and design analysis), I will def take him again!
3.0 : You need to read the book. He drew a lot of quiz and test questions from the textbook. Some of the homework assignments did not have clear directions. Using the T.A. or Office hours is suggested. He was nice enough. I took him during his first semester, so he could be getting used to teaching at Mason.
5.0 : Belal is a really good dude. He might come off as intimidating at first but he genuinely cares and wants everyone to do well. Several access and excel assignments but just follow the instructions and you'll be fine. One group project and three exams. DON'T buy the book
4.0 : He's a cool guy. There are several homework assignments and quizzes. He tries to make the class engaging and interesting. He draws a lot of test questions from the book so it's a good idea to buy it.
5.0 : Amazing professor! She explains chapters really well and encourages people to ask questions. Her tests are not difficult if you study the HW and quizzes. She's AWESOME!
5.0 : Professor Tongo is a very passionate and knowledgable teacher. She is always open to new ideas inside and otside of class and will make you really think about how your ideas apply to real life. She provides you with a lot of reading to suppliment the assigned text. She is entertaining, an easy grader and makes it easy to earn participation points
5.0 : Great TA! Super helpful and chill with the class- very knowledgeable in fossils.
5.0 : He was the lab TA for Prof Lukes. The Labs were always easy but super informative. SHOW UP TO ALL THE LABS. TRUST ME. Make sure you immediately post the photos of each assignment online IMMEDIATELY. TRUST ME. Bring a crayon or color pencil to make corrections. Thats all.
5.0 : Really good professor. Cares about the class and is readily available to answer questions. Research paper due at the end of the semester but definitely prepares you for it. Would take another class with him.
5.0 : Dr. Cantone is one of the best Professors I've ever had. He is very helpful and wants to make sure you understand the material. Take home exam, two research critiques, and a research paper. The work is not too hard but you must put effort into it.
5.0 : Professor Cantone is a great teacher. The subject is boring but he is very knowledgeable and willing to help. You don't need the textbook, he even tells you on the first day of class. Grades are based on five participation quizzes, two research critiques and a ten page final paper. Everything is fairly easy but the final paper is a pain.
5.0 : Cantone was amazing. He's engaging and made boring material interesting. The syllabus looks scary but the assignments are simple and interesting. 2 research critiques, 1 term paper, and a take home final. He lays out the critiques wonderfully- they are questions regarding articles you read, so not necessarily even papers. He is an easy grader.
5.0 : Dr. Cantone is a great professor who truly cares about his students and is readily available to answer questions. Two research critiques, pop quizzes, a take home exam and a final research proposal. The work is not hard at all but you must put effort into it. Very engaging professor- highly recommend!
5.0 : One of the best professor I've had at Mason. The topic itself was a bit boring but he made it interesting. You're graded on 2 research critiques, 1 take home exam, and 1 final paper. Gives a few pop quizzes but they are extremely easy. The papers can be hard. But he gives clear instructions. Follow them and you'll be good to go. Don't need text bk.
5.0 : Very kind and genuine teacher who cares about your success. He understands students' situations and really wants you to get an A! Definitely worth taking his class and would for sure take another class with him. He tells you not to get the textbook to save money and doesn't test on it, and there was no final exam (but there was a short final paper)
5.0 : One of the most amazing professors at George Mason and the reason why Mason is one of the best criminology universities in the US. He made a boring subject very interesting and easy to understand. He does make you read studies for background knowledge, and gives pop-quizzes that are easy. Would definitely recommend taking him for Research Methods!
5.0 : She was my recitation teacher for MATH213 and she is so nice! There will be pop quizzes, but they are extremely easy and pulled out from the HW problems in the textbook. Ask any question and she'll do her best to solve it for you! She is very helpful when exams come by, so do visit her office hours and take advantage if you have trouble!
5.0 : Dr. Oberle has been one of the most important professors to my education. He genuinely cares about your research and you as a student. He's the subject librarian for history so he's super knowledgeable and useful on every topic. Would definitely take him again!
5.0 : i absolutely loved Dr. Oberle. I had him for pre-civil war US History at NVCC and it was the funnest class i have ever had. i respect the heck out of him. Now on to the reasons why, he doesn't give homework, pro and con, tests are weighted heavily, but they are few and far between. TAKE NOTES, seriously, my hand hurt after his class, it is worth it
5.0 : super nice professor, extremely caring of her students. really cares about the material and how the class feels about it. takes the extra time to go over concepts you may not understand. definitely felt the class was pretty liberal and was biased at times but that was a lot more of the students rather than the teacher. she tried to keep it neutral
5.0 : Attendance is key, the majority of your grade is based upon you showing up. You apply what you learn to actually doing it. I learned greatly from actually preforming the concepts as you will in this class. 2 videos, daily workshops, and weekly assignments. Very doable and Prof Cattaneo wants her students to pass but SHOW UP!!
4.0 : I took psy 427 actually fall16 forgot to review;she's super nice and the class was very eye opening as far as social problems our society is facing today, however the class lends itself to be very liberal; also required mandatory volunteering, likes participation, there were 2 papers I think, no quizzes and a final project easy A just show up.
4.0 : Teacher is VERY passionate about what he talks about and you can tell that he enjoys his job. All assignments were due online and the class was made up of a few papers and discussions. Nothing was to hard, but a lot of reading was required for the books. Most class time was spend talking about the book with the teacher. I would take him again.
4.0 : Brian is a really great TA who obviously knows what he's talking about. He's doing really interesting research and has a lot of experience with the techniques we do in lab. I really learned a lot in his class. His quizzes can be difficult (I guess) but if you listen to him during lab he'll tell you exactly what's going to be on it. Nice grader/dude
5.0 : Great lab TA who is very passionate about Biology&amp; his research. He is very knowledgeable, easy to approach, &amp; helpful in lab. Quizzes arent difficult (drops lowest), usually before a quiz he has a 5-10-minute mini-review where he goes over the basic outline of the quiz, so make sure to take notes/listen &amp; review the PowerPoints posted on bb.
5.0 : Loved her! Would strongly recommend taking her for GCH300. The course was not hard. There was one project and then a group project. Not much assignments. Textbook not needed because her course follows her powerpoint. She's super nice and responds to emails in a day which was really helpful. She's an expert in her field and is very enthusiastic.
5.0 : She's amazing. Stays true to her syllabus, always available to help. Super nice, easy to follow course. HIGHLY RECOMMEND taking her class. You won't regret it! One major group project, one exam and two projects are the major assignments. She is an amazing professor that brings her field experience to the course.
5.0 : Great professor, she is so nice and actually makes the class interesting. Really recommend taking this class as a gen ed or for credit.
5.0 : This course is not hard if you put effort in the work. She is really nice and makes the lecture fun as well. Overall, class consists of midterm, one research project, and then an individual and group project. Midterm is like the study guide and she is tough on grading the research project so do your best and don't wait till last min to do it.
5.0 : Professor Pabich is very organized and clear with his assignments. He does have a little bit of busy work but it is not bad. He likes to talk a lot and dissect the hell out of assignments. He is PASSIONATE about what he does so that is always encouraging. Overall he is a great professor to learn from.
5.0 : Professor Pabich is an awesome teacher. He cares about his students and wants them to leave the class with some knowledge. He is very orgnized and clear with his material. You have to show up to class and take good notes, you also have to do the online assignments !Make sure you are always prepared for class and bring what is needed.
5.0 : I really enjoyed going to this class. Professor Pabich was very caring and approachable. Do the homework because it actually helps you write better papers and it boost your grade. There are three papers due. Also the book needed for the class is Everything's an Argument and bring your computer to class.
5.0 : Great person ,very understanding and knowledgeable. Show up to class, participate, do the homework and you should get an A. Go to class! Most of the exam questions and answers to the homework are given during class. I would definitely take Professor Nolder again if I had the chance.
5.0 : Prof Nolder is very straight forward in his lectures. He is an adjunct prof so has real world experience. There is a pop quiz but you have hints about it. 4 quizzes are about your opinion on topics covered. 2 tests are mult. choice and essay. 2-3 pg paper instead of Final. Excel/Access homework not difficult since he does examples in class.
5.0 : I am an ISOM major, and I feel like Prof. Nolder set me up for success in other MIS classes. I actually enjoyed going to his class. Tests are very straight forward, if you go to class and listen you will do great on the tests (no tricks) and he gives out helpful study guides. The HW is also very straight forward if you listen in class. Take him!
5.0 : Professor Williams was great. She really wants you to understand the material but the course can be a little tough. She brings fun activities.
5.0 : Prof Williams is the best teacher, hands down. If you have a chance to take her, DO IT! You won't be disappointed.
5.0 : The best class I have taken at George Mason so far. This professor is hilarious and passionate, and makes class so enjoyable. Not only is the class interesting, it really opens your mind, and want to participate and come to class. Sweetest professor, I hope to take another class with her soon.
5.0 : I absolutely enjoyed Professor William's class the discussion and lectures. After you take this class you definitely know what its like to be WOKE, you just learn so much about culture and how it influences psychology. The best part of her class were the discussions and papers about institutional racism which is an extremely relevant topic today.
5.0 : The professor is very passionate and it shows. She makes you look at things in different ways which allows you to learn more from her class. She tries to make the lectures fun so that you're not just sitting in your seat, listening to her talk. She also grades assignments and quizzes very quickly so you always know what grade you have.
5.0 : This class does have paper's involved but it is easy to write about the topics if you listen and take from class discussion. This class was my favorite the whole semester. She offers extra credit, and always provides additional research to talk about topics, hands down most outstanding Professor at Mason.
5.0 : Professor Williams is amazing and really dedicated to her field. She also cares very much about her students and was willing to meet with students to help with finding internships and networking. If you ever get the chance to have a class with her, take it.
4.0 : This is a great online course to take. There are weekly online quizzes in Blackboard along with weekly discussion board posts, which the professor gives you a good amount of time to complete. There are only two exams: midterm and final, and there are only two papers to complete for this class along with an extra credit opportunity.
5.0 : This class was amazing! There were quizzes every week plus a discussion board but those were easy as long as you read the chapter and the power points, which you could use. Two exams and 2 papers but those were pretty good as well! The professor is so helpful, caring and you can tell she loves what she does and responds to emails fast!
5.0 : Professor Williams' class was excellent. She brought up important issues that were thought provoking and life changing. She is fair and accessible outside of class. I enjoyed this class and Professor Williams made that happen. Great class and great professors.
5.0 : Very Easy professor. Just do all the work and follow the rubric and you'll get a 100 in the class. I didn't study for the final and I got a 70 and it only bumped my grade down to a 96. Very easy, gives you a good grade but still tells you on what you can improve on. Gave me 100% on everything as long as you keep coming to the class.
5.0 : Great teacher, take him if you can! 5 books assigned throughout the semester. Overall, there were 4 essays, 5 online reading journal entries (1 for each book), and a handful of reading quizzes based on the readings. He is very lenient with the quizzes and journals, and his feedback on the essays are very helpful. Also lets you do essay revisions.
5.0 : Great teacher! If you talk in class and do the readings you'll get an A. He is one of those teachers that accepts everyone's ideas and thoughts. He also actually reads the papers you write and gives helpful feedback. Take him!
4.0 : A lot of busy work. The class is an easy A, but still a lot of repetitive assignments (weekly journal, had to post a weekly question). I understand this is a writing intensive class, but is difficult to write 500+ words on some of the prompts she gives (ex: Favorite fiction authors?).
5.0 : Bonilla is one of the best professors I have had at GMU. She grades things very quickly (we got our exam grades back on the same day we took them) and she's very understanding. She makes class interesting. I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : My favorite college Spanish professor by far! She speaks clearly and slowly enough for everyone to understand her, her in-class activities help you to better understand material, the homework (5 assignments) though annoying, is actually really helpful. Final project is an easy A. She returns graded work very quickly, got our final back the same day
5.0 : Prof. Bonilla is such a sweetheart. She is very helpful and understanding, and she just wants to make sure you improve your Spanish. I took the class online so can't comment on her lectures, but she was easily accessible via email or blackboard. I'd definitely recommend her as a professor.
5.0 : I took Ballet I to fulfill my art credit. Grades are based on attendance, three or more  absences and you won't pass, a vocabulary test, attendance to 4 performances at Mason, a 2 page paper interpreting the dance, a midterm and a final. As long as you do everything, it's an easy A. Pam is really nice and gives good feedback on your dancing.
4.0 : all the assignments are clear and laid out, she brought in guest speakers to help us relate our class to the real world, attendance isnt mandatory but you have to go to turn in your papers and questions... would take her again, loved her as a teacher, taught us very valuable lessons
5.0 : She is a cool professor and makes her lectures very interesting. She gets the class involved in her lectures and they lead to interesting class discussions. I highly recommend taking her.
5.0 : Awesome professor. This is a writing intensive class so be prepared to write almost every week, but its not too bad. You have to put in work though! The book helps a lot. She responds to emails very quick and gives good feedback. She is also very nice and accommodating. Not a tough grader. Hopefully she teaches another class in the future.
5.0 : Professor Zhu really cares about her students and wants them to succeed. She asks for feedback and actually acts on it. She is very helpful and will answer any questions that you have. There are some in class assignments as well as homework assignments but she usually goes over the answers before you turn it in. Her tests are fair.
3.0 : She's very nice, helpful and accessible outside of class. This was my first time taking Statistics and it was difficult. Her accent made it harder to understand her sometimes in class and the lectures felt long and heavy. There were 3 exams and class work assignments so being in class is important.
5.0 : Twila was INCREDIBLE! She made each student feel special and cared for. She was incredibly knowledgeable and really helped the students understand the course material in a fun and interactive environment. She really encouraged us to work hard and move outside of our comfort zones. She is the best and everyone should take her!
4.0 : This professor is good, lectures are boring as he just reads from the slides, but he does go over examples and has clear grading criteria. If you read the book and understand concepts you will be just fine. 3 non cumulative tests +homework quizzes. Not mandatory attendance but he does require to drop homework off in person during class
4.0 : Lectures are very boring but as long as you stick around for the examples during the 2nd half of class you should get an A. Homework and Quizzes are open book. He also lets you bring one page of notes for each of the 3 exams. Overall good person who is qualified but not the best professor.
4.0 : Lectures were a bit boring, but he provided examples of the problems you need to do for homework, which was very helpful. Tests are hard, but he allows you to bring a formula sheet. If you follow his examples in class and do the homework you should be fine. The textbook was mostly used for the homework problems. Didn't have to read too much.
4.0 : Dr. Diaz was one of the best biology professors I have taken.  She teachers Introduction to Virology (BIOL 382) and gives you the greatest background of virology needed for the future.  She works for the NIH, and is a very good lecturer despite her spanish accent.  She is very caring, and forces students to answer tough questions.
5.0 : Three exams and a final with one grade dropped.  Three quizzes, and a group project.  Dr. Diaz has a great lecture set-up and gets you interested in pathology of viruses.
5.0 : She expects a lot from her students, but is willing to work with you if you need. 312 is a poorly designed class but Professor Mullany did a great job with it by adding information she thought the course was lacking.
4.0 : Class was really great! Basically had six different assignments (one midterm, two group presentations, one alone presentation, and two papers). Also, there are weekly summary readings. Follow the given instructions for each assignment and you will do great. Very nice professor who cares about you and your learning! Offers some extra credit as well.
5.0 : Exams are open notes and books. He's generally nice to students and allows a chance to earn extra points on a lot of stuff. You get a weekly quiz which are generally easy.
5.0 : Shayna is so great. She made coming to a Friday class worth it with her charismatic personality and uplifting vibes she puts out. She talks really fast during lecture with lots of important info but her lectures are great. Her grading is a bit tough but not horrible. 2 exams, 1 paper &amp; 1 project. Not difficult if you study &amp; pay attention in class
4.0 : Shayna is a great prof who encourages participation and it a very entertaining teacher. Very knowledgable and funny as well. The only issue i had with her was that she does seem to really push her political ideals through out the class--which i believe can make some students feel uncomfortable. Overall a great professor though!
5.0 : Shayna is awesome! She does assign a lot of reading, and gives long lectures, but she is super easy to listen to, time flies when she is lecturing. There is one semester long group project, and you will definitely need the textbook, but she is a super cool person and truly cares about her students
4.0 : Very sweet even if a bit quirky. Cares about his students. He does expect you to show up to class and enforces this with a sign in sheet, but attendance is an easy 20% of grade. There are 2 quizzes both worth 15% and a midterm/final both worth 25%, so not many grades. Posts all lectures online. This class was the easiest one I took this semester.
5.0 : He has interesting stories and really makes you think. Interesting guy. Mandatory attendance, but really like an easy grade boost. Tests and quizzes are a bit tough to fail, but tough to do really well in my eyes. Overall an enjoyable experience. This guy is interesting... would recommend.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had in college!!! This class is a bit tougher than his 201 course. Midterm and final both had some true/false, some multiple choice, and some free response. 4 labs accompany this class, but it's not an additional section so that's good. Grade was attendance(10) , lab reports(30), expert testimony(10), midterm and final(25)
5.0 : Professor Burmeister is my favorite professor!! He is so respectful, funny, and interesting! Wonderful class. I am learning so much because of how wonderful he teaches. He has made me super excited for a career in Forensics! He cares a lot, and if you study and pay attention in class, the tests are easy!
5.0 : His lectures are super interesting. He shows us pictures of cases he has worked in the FBI, which helps me learn 100x more. Make sure you get good grades on the test, which should be easy if you review the study guide he posts. You are graded only on 4 tests and attendance.
5.0 : He's the best, just pay attention in lecture and take notes. He goes over slide and tells stories based off his experiences, makes class fun and interesting. Quizzes &amp; tests are super easy, straight off study guides provided for you! 2 Quizzes (15% each), Midterm (25%), Final (25%), Extra credit 2% .
5.0 : i thoroughly enjoyed this class. He made the class time disappear with his stories and explanations. You will not be bored with this guy. Totally fun and I learned allot. The best part is he cares.
5.0 : Bob (he refuses to be called Professor or Mister, he is Bob) is the best professor as a person. He is understanding, he is the king of taking constructive criticism and he makes his tests easy and straightforward. If you take his class you will most likely get an A unless you try to not get one. The only downside is that he is the slowest grader.
3.0 : Super chilled out, easygoing guy. He's an adjunct, and it seems like he prioritieses his job over his teaching. Upside is lectures are few and far between(there were only 4 all semester).The downside is it takes an eternity to get your grades (week 3 of summer, still waiting for my final grades)and you dont really learn a lot. Get him for an easy A
5.0 : Bob is a professor that cares about his students, who tries to build his lessons around student feedback. We didn't have that many classes before the midterm because of personal reasons that came up for him, but he did his best to get us up to speed so we were ready. The class isn't very hard and he doesn't make it any harder. Easy A if you study
4.0 : yo! this guy is so chill.. take him and do whatever he says!  make sure you study to get an A.  people were expecting As, but they ended up getting A- and B+  all because taking this class not seriously!
5.0 : Bob is a great professor who really takes student feedback into account to improve his teaching. He is a very easy-going person, so people make the mistake of assuming the exams will be easy. Don't make this mistake! Study the material. He is a stickler for notation! Exams are very straightforward, look back over notes and assignments.
4.0 : Prof Fulton is very structured &amp; experienced in the development banking world. He is very responsive to questions &amp; will make up any class with you that you miss. His writing assignments are applicable to the real world, &amp; he also makes himself available to you to help you network. I would recommend him if this is a field you are considering.
5.0 : Easy grader on mideterm and final paper. Besides those two assignments there's 7 or so easy discussion board posts for points. One paper. I enjoyed the lectures. Would take again.
3.0 : Prof Granneman is really nice and helpful, but her teaching style is also not for me. Her point system is very odd and there is a lot of work in this class. Two papers, multiple assignments with weird deadlines, midterm, final exam assignment, 20-30 page final paper, group project/presentation, and more. She usually ends class earlier though.
5.0 : Professor Sample is wonderful. He is extremely creditable and gives very interesting lectures that allow you to think about the material in depth. He is very respectful to his students and has a true passion educating others. I thoroughly enjoyed being a student in Professor Sample's class.
5.0 : Brittany was super cool! She was Prof Hazens TA, a graduate teaching assistant, but often did most of the work of grading. She was super good about returning emails, and even explaining concepts when Prof. Hazen wasnt able to attend. Shes a grad student, but she would definitely make an amazing professor! Love her 10/10 imo for sure :)
5.0 : This guy's a rockstar (UofChicago Law and MBA from GW). He has real world experience in law &amp; business which made his lectures more relative and interesting. Felt like I was in law school the way he taught the class. Just show up, pay attention, do well on the weekly quizzes &amp; you're golden. No papers, just an easy midterm and final. He curves too!
5.0 : Professor Greenwald is great if you are not very good at CS.  His lectures are slow and he takes his time to make sure everyone knows the material.  If you are good at CS a class with Greenwald will be a breeze.
5.0 : Professor Greenwald will do his best to make sure you understand the material. He is very accommodating and lenient. His lectures are not hard to follow and his exams are actually almost identical to lecture slides. The only downside is all of his assignments only add up to 100. Mess up on one of the assignments and you're not going to get an A.
5.0 : Pros: Amazing person as he is, he won't let your question go unanswered. His experience and concepts are very strong and they inflict from his knowledge. His course will surely help you to clear your fundamentals. Cons: Too few assignments.
4.0 : Professor Walter was one of the nicest professors I have had at Mason so far. Though he takes longer than others to grade and to respond to emails, he is extremely caring and willing to work with you to get a good grade. I took his class online this semester and actually enjoyed doing the projects and discussion posts.
5.0 : A lot of people complained about him not responding to emails, but he always responded to mine. His grading was clear. Assignment requirements were clear too. I do not have anything to complain about. He is a good professor. Take him
5.0 : Good class, different take on history then used to it. Really helpful if you are not doing well. Answers email REALLY fast.
5.0 : An easy going professor who cares about his students. Not a hard grader at all. As long as you show up and do your work, you will be fine. Makes it very clear what he expects from his students, and is very understanding. Awesome guy if you get to know him, but his lectures can be boring. Again, do your work and you will get an A.
5.0 : He is one of the best at GMU. Easy to approac. He doesn't lecture, students usually work together and present their work on the first half. Easy midterm, no final exam. Second half you work on a project as a team. Prepares you for the real world. All the 400 levels should be in this format rather than quizzes and exams. I really enjoyed his class.
5.0 : Prof Srikantia is a wonderful human being who truly cares about her students. She opened my eyes up to many perspectives I had not been aware of previously. This class forces you to be introspective and really questions your intention in wanting to become a social entrepreneur. She does not judge and fosters connection with and between students.
5.0 : She's a really nice teacher who cares. It's not her fault that she is required to take attendance, but that should not be part of the grade. She is very quick to respond to email. BUS103 requires many pointless assignments
5.0 : She's a younger, but friendly professor. Attendance is mandatory and she usually has some small worksheet you do for participation credit. There are a lot of writing assignments and one group project. There were presentations too, which weren't even bad. Most consisted of standing up at your desk. Easy A if you stay on top of deadlines!
5.0 : SHE IS AMAZING. I WOULD TAKE HER AGAIN IF SHE TEACHES HIGHER LEVEL CLASSES. I learned stuff that I actually need to know for my future career. she is VERY HELPFUL. I asked her for a recommendation for my studying abroad and she went above and beyond to support me. SHE IS SO NICE. I definitely recommend taking her.
4.0 : Professor Moorman was an incredibly kind and helpful professor and I'm so glad I was able to take her class for this course. It was an easy class as long as you stayed on top of the deadlines. You really have to try to not do well with her. She lets you know about events on campus as well, which is incredibly helpful for new students.
5.0 : Barb is a great teacher. She is cool and young, which means she is relatable to younger students. I really enjoyed this class mainly because I thought the assignments were applicable in real life, and not a complete waste of time.
5.0 : Took 106 with her in summer. Good teacher but she is tough. Avoid if you want an easy A.
4.0 : So, Professor Alkassim was new at GMU when I had her. She's nice, understanding, and she really likes film. The quizzes she gives are easy, just read what's given. It's good to watch the films so you can earn participation points. She likes voicing her opinion too, but nothing bad. She did good for her first time at GMU. I recommend her.
5.0 : One of the best professors I ever had! She explains concepts really well. Goes over problems in class and answers all kinds of stupid questions! She's great!
3.0 : She might be good in her stuff but she is thinking way too high of her class. Wants you to only study herAssigns lots of Connect assignments that are so difficult to pass. Only 3 exams in class and if you fail you wont pass. She selects the toughest tricky questions for her tests. Thank God final exam was common for all sections and had some sense.
4.0 : There is so much material that she will not have enough time to teach you everything. She tries her best but there is just so much. The homework requires a lot of time to do. You need to spend a lot of time on this class to get a good grade. My advice is to make time to study each week. Each exam pushes u to the end of amount of time given. Study!
4.0 : Whitney was my TA for this class. I wouldn't normally rate TAs, but I think this is important. She's tough in the sense that she doesn't like people leaving earlier or complaining about grades, but she really cares about the students. She was always available outside of class, and she really wanted to help everyone understand physics. Love her.
4.0 : homework assignments every lab, but the first few are super easy. every assignment can be done following the textbook. spencer is super understanding &amp; gives credit based on completion of assignment rather than correctness. made sure i understood everything in lab and was always willing to go over anything that wasn't clear. great professor!
4.0 : I had him as a TA for my Psyc 300 lab. He was great, Spencer always helped us go over practice problems that were confusing in lecture at the beginning of lab before we started. You can skip two labs (the two lowest are dropped), but I'd recommend going because it's easy points. He will walk you through the whole lab if you need major help!
5.0 : I had Spencer for my PSYC300 lab, and he was a great resource for the class. A homework and in-class assignment are due at each lab and they can be tricky, but he will help walk you through it. Any time I had a question or concern I emailed him and got an immediate response. Highly recommend taking his class!
4.0 : He lectures like a storyteller, which makes them really fun to listen to. He does tend to make a lot sweeping statements of about history/sociology/current events, but doesn't mind if you push back. Grading expectations are pretty clear ( but hopefully he includes written directions for the term paper in the next syllabus).
4.0 : She's a chill Bio Lab instructor who respects her students. Attendance is mandatory, easy quizzes every other class, and lab assignments aren't too difficult. You work in a group every class and there is one formal lab report that you have to complete with your group.
5.0 : Brian is such an amazing instructor that I took him for my 3D art class as well as my drawing. He gives wonderful feedback and has the class critique your work. If you finish a project early, he lets you leave.  He's relatable and likes to talk about his kid. His drawing course is mainly still life drawings with different materials. A great prof.
5.0 : Prof. Narayanan is a very good professor, with a very hard last name to spell so he goes by his first name. I had him for HNRS 110, and was very satisfied with his teaching, especially all of the feedback he gives. He comes from a very interesting background, and wants to see you succeed. You do have to work hard to succeed in HNRS 110
5.0 : Dr. Ioannou is a great guy. I learned a lot and enjoyed class because of him. He knows his stuff. Definitely recommend the class.
4.0 : Tests are tough but they hit the important aspects of the class. If you put in the effort and attend every class, you will do fine.
5.0 : He covers a lot of material in lecture and my notes were my best friend for this class. Attending lecture isn't mandatory, but he explains the concepts and math better than the book. He wants his students to participate and ask questions, so that he knows that you understand the material. He is willing to slow down and explain stuff if necessary.
4.0 : .
4.0 : Attendance is not mandatory, but it definitely helps if you go to class. It won't be a super easy class, but he is definitely there to help you out (when everyone bombed the 2nd midterm, he made the lower of the two tests count less overall).
5.0 : He makes the class very interesting
5.0 : Make sure to take notes and come to class everyday! The class is very straight forward! I will take him again! I learned a lot on this class.
4.0 : The class was a required class for a Masters in EE. This class was incredibly insightful and I learned a great deal from the professor. He is a fair grader and works hard to help students understand the complex material. He also gives example code for SPICE simulations and works through problems in class! Great professor and would take again.
5.0 : Grading is very clear. Professor is available helpful and answers questions in office hours which is great. Dr Ioannou teaches everything in the class. Its not like "Go read the book" and understand it on your own. Tests are not easy but he grades fair.
4.0 : She is an amazing teacher! She provides really good examples for her topics and she is very caring. She cares about her students and make sure she can provide as many sources for her students as she is able to. She not only just teaches economics, she is also doing research on the gender pay gap which is really cool. Overall, she's a great teacher!
5.0 : The best online experience I've ever had. Professor Creed is exactly what you would want in a professor: organized, understanding, and you actually learn something! TAKE HER if you can!
5.0 : I said that his class was easy but that's only because he does everything he can to help you succeed. He gives a fair amount of homework and pop quizzes, all of which he let us correct and turn back in for full points as long as you completed them on time. If you put in the work and talk to him when you need help, you'll have no problems.
5.0 : Great guy. Took him over the summer for discrete math. Let's you do corrections for just about everything (tests, quizzes, homework). Does quite literally everything he can to help you pass the class. Teaches pretty well, so be sure to go to class (but also because he doesn't post notes on blackboard). I recommend you take him if he's available.
4.0 : She was great! Gives you a clear grading criteria. It was a really interesting course. I took her over the summer and she assigned one individual paper and one group project. Overall easy A.
5.0 : Great Professor for PUAD 631!
4.0 : Good class. Solid and fair
5.0 : There were way too many papers and readings. But overall learned a lot.
5.0 : Dr. Taban is a pretty safe choice for a teacher. His lectures are definitely helpful and he is always willing to help you outside if you are struggling. One thing to note is that his answers to questions aren't very straightforward. Other than that, he is better than most professors I've had in college so far.
4.0 : She is an amazing professor. She always tries to help her students to the best of her ability. With a business background, there are stories and questions that she can tell that can help understand a topic in class better. She is also hilarious at times and is super nice, would deft recommend her!
5.0 : GREAT professor. You have to review the textbook chapter before coming to class because she goes fast and thinks the class is mostly to review the content. I would take her again, I know many people in my class taking her next semester. Funny and opens the floor to great discussion in class.
4.0 : Overall pretty good. Its not an easy A, you must put in effort on assignments. Half your grade with be the midterm and final. Textbook is not absolutely needed if you can borrow from someone to do the RQs. Take notes during lecture and you should be fine. One group project and one in-class essay. You cant miss too much on anything if you want A.
5.0 : Really great professor. The class is discussion-based so be prepared to speak up for participation. The class is not homework heavy and the reading questions are easily found in the book. Class attendance is highly recommended especially if you don't read the chapter beforehand.
5.0 : She is a great professor! She is a tough grader but she makes sure you know the material before test or writing essays.
5.0 : Took him Spring of 17. He didn't refer to the powerpoint at first when lecturing. He would go through concepts and examples. At the end he would go thru the powerpoint. He's a CS major so he knows a lot more , but it helps with explaining. Utilize his office hours too. End of the day it's on you to do well so put in the time to practice A LOT
5.0 : Great professor. He teaches the material with passion and makes sure to break down the concepts before going over the slides which helps ALOT. The material is tough , but he does make sure to repeat himself numerous times and is more then happy to answer questions, so make sure to ask. I highly recommend taking him!
5.0 : The 499 class was specifically Security Laboratory.  This class was very hard, with a lot of work.  As long as you were willing to put in the work Ben would help you through the problem.  The assignments are hard, and take time.  Attend class. Ben is a charismatic entertaining professor who makes the material more interesting.
5.0 : ta'd for recitations/course. explains the material well and is helpful
4.0 : Pretty decent TA. Things start to make sense on the basis of him explaining them.
5.0 : Julianna is an amazing professor, however you have to bring your A game. She will push you, and make you work. She is a conservatory quality teacher at a state university. Not only is she an amazing teacher , but she truly cares about all of her students well being.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR IN MASON!!!! great teacher. she helps you do well in class. if you want to get a good grade take her she goes the extra mile for her students
5.0 : This was hands down my favorite class. Professor Sahyouni is very knowledgable and was always willing to help. I have never had a professor care so much about my success. She was able to complete lectures even though a lot of students were very disrespectful and interrupted. If i could take her for every class I would.
5.0 : I loved prof. sahyouni! The other reviews were probably some the students who did were always being disrespectful. She was always genuine and passionate about what she was teaching.
5.0 : Dr. Patwardhan was such a great professor. He gives very interesting lectures based on the ppt every class and gives hints on what's going to be on the test and quizzes which is nice. We had 5 quizzes, which he drops the lowest one later. There is also a midterm and a final, which is heavily based on the lecture and past quizzes taken. Take him!
5.0 : Took his class over the summer, and it was an easy A. If you show up and pay attention there's no reason for you not to pass. He was great. He understood what it was like to be a student.
5.0 : Heather is one the best TAs I've had at Mason! She explains things so clearly, is prompt when answering emails, and is so nice. Definitely would recommend taking her class!
5.0 : She makes collecting leaves fun.
5.0 : Professor Hobbs is amazing! She is super helpful and a generous grader. Every class begins with a quiz regarding the prelab that you can take with the help of your lab partners. She responds efficiently to emails &amp; is very approachable. If your questioning any part of the lab, she provides an in depth answer to better help you understand. Take her!
5.0 : Cool english instructor. Better than most english teachers. helpful, supportive, and accessible. Chill dude imo
5.0 : Hes a by far one of the best professors Ive had here thus far. He give great feedback on writings, there are few papers, but lots of readings. Class participation matters but he is a very committed, caring, and understanding teacher. I hope to take him in more English classes
5.0 : He's a chill dude lol and probably one of the best professors at GMU. He's young and energetic and I recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Great Prof and overall a great guy. Really would recommend taking his class. Also hes really helpful and responds to emails very quickly
5.0 : Awesome professor, super nice guy, and is willing to be very open with his students. There's a lot of reading, but that's just the course itself. He's helpful with anything you need feedback on, for his class or not. Strongly recommend his class.
5.0 : We got to do hands on projects and make things move. Really hard grader. Can't miss class
5.0 : I LOVED this class. Prof. Jewett is so caring and helpful in this course. She truly cares about her students and loves their feedback. She responds to emails quite quickly and is very organized. The weekly workload is not bad and you actually learn stuff. The tests are not too bad and she allows open note! I would take her again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Supportive, organized, and energetic (you can tell how passionate she is, even with an online course). Overall, a great professor.
5.0 : A wonderful teacher. Really listens to student's concerns. She makes you do a discussion post every week and respond to one other classmate. Be sure to cite where you found the info. to receive points. There are four quizzes, three papers, and a final. Is not a tough grader and makes her expectations clear.
5.0 : LOVE PROF JEWETT! Best online course I have taken at Mason!
2.0 : The quizzes and final exam are very hard. Not the best professor
5.0 : Great class! People think online classes  easy A + no effort. Jewetts class has just the right amount of work to feel like an in-person class. She even sends out evaluations after every quiz for feedback about what she can do to improve as a professor. Easy class if you put the work into it
4.0 : Professor Jewett is very approachable and accessible. Although she lives in Hawaii, she makes herself available and contacts you back quickly. Her course consists of weekly discussion board posts, 1 current event paper and 1 solution paper (1500w) to a current global health problem, occasional quizzes and 2 exams. Easy A if you try! Take her!
5.0 : keep up with the work and you'll do fine. she is responsive to emails and a fast grader. didn't expect to learn as much as i did from an online class
5.0 : Ms. Jewett is probably the most caring professor I've interacted with. She's awesome! Do not hesitate to take her class. Weekly discussion posts, 4 quizzes, an event project, paper (1500 wrds), and a cumulative. She offers extra credit and responds fast with emails. Everything was open note!
5.0 : Professor Jewett was very responsive to emails and gave great feedback. Assignments were clear and very specific. 2 papers, 4 tests including the final and one weekly discussion board post. Lots of reading but makes up for the lack of face to face meetings. Highly recommend!
5.0 : She is amazing she does powerpoint slides that sum up the chapter but if you want to get specific in the discussion post use the book. All my friends that took in lecture GCH with other teachers hated it and barely got a C, I got an A+ and loved the class. A friend who also took her online hated the material never opened the book and got an A
5.0 : Greatest! Prof. Jewett is caring, compassionate, helpful, and informative! Responds extremely quickly to emails and is always offering extra credit and feedback/help on papers. She truly cares about the topic of GH, and she honestly was my favorite teacher this semester despite the fact that she was an online class. Recommend!
5.0 : Such a sweet and wonderful professor. Always doing her best to make sure students are on track, emailing updates and sending reminders. Could not of asked for a better distance learning GH class! Highly recommend:)
5.0 : Professor Timm is by far one of my favorite, most influential professors on campus. She's extremely passionate about what she teaches. She's so caring and will do anything to see her students succeed. One day, I wasn't feeling well and decided to not go to class, so she emails me asking how I was doing. She's had a major impact on me already. 11/10
4.0 : She is new but great! She has a lot of experience in the field of social work and uses that in her lectures. She has high expectations of her students, but thats because she wants us to do well in the field so that does not bother me. My writing has improved and I learn in her class. I am taking her again!
5.0 : So, I have this teacher at 7:30am on a Friday. Professor Coleman keeps us awake, excited, and I love the class. She is fair and asks for us to participate in class a lot. No sleeping in her class. I have learned a lot and more important she cares. You can tell she wants us to be good in the field. She brought in guest speakers too!
4.0 : Fun lectures, easy grader
3.0 : So much information will be thrown at you. I was in the 3hr once a week class, and I wished I had made flashcards way before the tests. Very lecture heavy, but she does give you possible exam questions, which are potentially free points. Ample extra credit opportunities are available, but this is not a class where you can slack off at all.
5.0 : She's one of the sweetest persons I have ever come across. Very friendly and an easy grader. I'd recommend to take her
5.0 : Great professor, enjoyed her class
4.0 : Professor Smith is a really good teacher. The class itself is hard and a lot of students don't plan ahead, but if you do the reading before hand it isn't as bad. He's nice and is willing to answer any questions. He knows his stuff inside and out.
5.0 : He is the best Chemistry professor i ever had. If you skip class you wont understand anything that he's gonna teach next. His exams are super easy (only if you study the textbook and attend classes) and he knows what he is teaching
5.0 : Taking this class now and can say that Melissa is awesome. She makes a Tuesday/Thursday night class in another language pretty entertaining and actually interesting. Theres ALOT of homework which is annoying sometimes and I was disappointed to see that she isnt teaching FREN 210 next semester because I would take her again in a heart beat!
5.0 : Dr. Hurwitz who keeps the student in mind. He is aware of short attention spans and other activities going on. Participation counts for him, but his classes aren't unbearable to sit through. His classes normally consist of a short lecture, an activity, and then a conclusion. There is some reading, but it's not bad.
4.0 : Although history isn't my favorite class, he made it very bearable. He understands that not many are history majors and tries to make lectures simple and to the point. Can be funny from time to time but understands the short attention span everyone has. He DOES count attendance, so make sure you're there!
4.0 : Professor Hurwitz was great, his class was one of my favorites this semester and I'm not a history major or minor. I was in a hybrid lecture class which meant the first half of class was lecture based and then we did group work. There was reading responses before basically every class except for the weeks when we had papers. Not too hard, but fast
5.0 : She is honestly one of the best English teachers I have ever had, she really tries to make you a better writer and I definitely have improved from the start of the class. Homework is decent, just don't save things for last minute and you will be fine. Class activities are fun. She is very understanding and she will happily answer any questions.
4.0 : Lots of reflections and some papers but that was expected with an INTS course. Majority of classes are made up of us sitting in a circle while he tries to make us talk. Most of his projects require you to talk about yourself to the class. No classwork, not really much homework other than reflections and some papers due throughout the semester.
4.0 : Pretty easy class, just be ready to discuss the readings in class! Not too many assignments, but participation matters.
5.0 : She's something alright
5.0 : Clearly cares about her students and breaks things down to a level everyone can understand.
5.0 : Great professor. Genuinely cares about her students. She makes you buy a textbook but doesn't use it in class. It is only used for out of class readings. Overall, the course isn't that difficult. She is an easy grader. If you have questions she is willing to answer them and help you out. She responds to emails fast.
5.0 : Professor Allen gives a lot of work but if you manage your time you'll do fine. There are kahoot quizzes almost every class on the readings. If you're struggling, talk to her and she will try to help. She tries to make the class fun by using rap lyrics to explain some of the class concepts.
5.0 : Professor Allen has been one of the best professors I have had so far. Her class is very interesting. The lectures are very helpful and the power points have helped me throughout the course. If you are looking for a fun but also work oriented class, I recommend this professor.
5.0 : Not an easy course, specially Gamma and joint distributions chapters, requiring calculus knowledge but she magically made it fun! She was very patient with us reviewing many concepts we were supposed to know. She makes the class very engaging which is hard in a late class of 81 students. She is caring and provides a tone of help during office hours
5.0 : I was worried about this course as I have failed it once before with another professor but I have done well and feel good about final after her review day (fingers crossed). She helped me a lot at her office and gave me extension when I was sick (she asked for documentation per her syllabus which I provided; she accepted it and was understanding)
5.0 : Dr. Ramezani was very respectful and patient with us! This was a huge class with 120 students in a lecture hall and she would still walk around to make sure we are involved! Not coming too late and not leaving early were important to her so consider it. She was very patient during office hours and even offered an extra review session before finals
5.0 : This is my senior year and I have taken a lot of classes and I have to say this with utmost honesty, no other professor has cared as much about the students as professor Ramezani has. She was very understanding when I wanted to submit a homework electronically and miss a class because of some personal stuff. She made all her lectures super fun.
5.0 : Dr. Ramezani is an excellent professor. Her lectures are very helpful for learning the material. Homework assignments reflect what is being covered in class. Tests are straight forward and she prepares you very well for them by reviewing problems beforehand. No surprises. A formula sheet was permitted for both midterms and the final.
5.0 : Dr. Ramezani is an excellent professor. She actually cares about her students and wants them to succeed. She will take the time to help you and answer questions. She's also a generous grader, and her tests are straightforward and easy. To top it off, she gives extra credit, so that can boost your grade.
5.0 : Really like this professor, I would definitely take her again! She takes her time to explain things and is very respectful around sensitive topics (abnormal psych)
5.0 : I loved this professor. Highly recommend taking any class with her. She was funny, interesting, and helpful. Got back to emails quickly, stayed after class to answer questions. Her exams were not hard at all. Study her slides, do her study guide, and you will pass. Only 2 papers and they were very easy. Drops lowest test grade.
5.0 : Interesting class, even better professor. Lots of reading, but he makes it tolerable. The class and your grade practically revolves around attendance and participation. He is very understanding and relatable as well, genuinely wants students to pass and enjoy the class. Be ready to spend all your money on printing paper though.
4.0 : Prof. Afzal is a great professor. He's super knowledgeable and is really interested in students engagement in class. This class requires you to do a lot of reading and writing (weekly reading responses and 5 reflection papers) He doesn't allow electronic use in his class, so put them away or he'll call you out on it.
5.0 : It is a discussion based class, so as long as you do the reading and stay involved you'll do fine. The professor gives great lectures and values participation. There is a lot to read, but the readings are interesting, so that makes it easier to get through. You don't need a textbook, but because it is a tech-free class, you'll need to print a lot.
5.0 : Afzal is a very caring and interesting professor. His class is discussion based, and encourages students to share their thoughts. You can tell that he truly cares about our experiences and progress. His grading is based on reflections, attendance, and participation.
4.0 : Great teacher and is willing to help you learn how to tape. I believe this teacher is excellent. She is willing to help you outside of her class with others that are related to her. She looks out for you on lab assessment days as well
5.0 : If you are offered a class with Ms. Kelshaw, take it. She's an excellent teacher, always accessible to help you, and makes her lectures entertaining. I really enjoyed her class, and she looks out for you to prep you not only for exams but real life applications of taping. Overall great, highly recommend!
5.0 : Prof. Kelshaw goes above and beyond for you students and her passion for athletic training education is evident in every class.
5.0 : Ms. Kelshaw is very passionate about athletic training and she really knows her stuff. She really taught me a lot and if it wasn't for her, I would've struggled learning the tape jobs. As long as you're willing to put in the effort, you'll do fine.
4.0 : An easy A and largely a review of what I already learned in high school, but I was able to expand my knowledge on the writing process and practice it more. 3 majors assignments, plenty of time to do them, about a month for each, +/- a week. Very forgiving grader and awesome guy. One of the least stressful classes of the semester.
5.0 : An awesome teacher that cares about the students in the classroom. Fun and helpful activities in class. I became a better writer through this class.
5.0 : Amazing professor. He is a relatively easy grader as long as you answer the prompts with your topic. Easy class as long as you put in the effort into the three essays of the semester. Gives you 3 "crisis passes" to turn an assignment late if life happens. Very understanding and will work with you in order to make sure you do well. Great class
5.0 : I absolutely love Dave. He Is super ind and super helpful. He gives good feedback and always answers fast and always is available to help. Attendance counts but if you email him and tell him you're missing class he excuses you. Great prof. 10/10 recommend.
4.0 : Nice grader. Easy class. 3 major papers. Start those early and you'll be fine. Relatively forgiving teacher, though he does seem to be as tired as the rest of the class. There are easier classes for those who hate writing, but you might as well get more practice doing research. Take this class.
5.0 : He really cares about his students and you can really understand the tough information when he explains it. He is super fare when it comes to grading too. I would definitely take him he's one of the best TAs for human anatomy.
5.0 : Connor is amazing! Most of my friends in BIOL 124 had terrible professors, but he made the lectures comprehensible, graded as easily as he could, and gave us his personal study tips for the practicals and quizzes. 20/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Prof. Lim was an amazing teacher. It was a lot of reading, but they were all interesting and useful academic journals. I feel I am a better rounded student and understand more of the world from taking her class.
1.0 : I'm a Senior who's taken graduate level courses, but this 110 course was the hardest course I have ever taken by FAR. In my experience nothing was clear in class, and I spent endless hours outside class trying to learn the material on my own, not to mention hundreds of dollars on tutoring and textbooks (yes, the textbook was awful too!) Avoid!!!
5.0 : She is the best professor!! The course was extremely interesting and easy. I had a great experience and I learned so much more from this teacher than I have from any other professors.
5.0 : She is SO sweet and kind. I've declared Korean minor from this semester. I'll take her classes continually and I can't wait for her class next semester.
5.0 : Her class is hilarious and VERY GOOD. Take it!!
5.0 : I also think she is nice and good teacher as the previous reviews. If you are interested in contemporary k-culture, you might take her course.
5.0 : The greatest professor you will get for this course. Extremely nice, and very helpful with homework and review/work sheets. She will make sure you are as prepared as possible for everything. If you are going to take this class, take it with Hei!!
5.0 : It was a pretty easy class to me. She is very helpful and caring.
5.0 : Best teacher in GMU! She makes the class fun and easy to learn.
5.0 : She is a very good teacher. Highly recommended if you are serious about learning good Korean grammar and usages. She does push you to the max and encourage you to learn. I learned a lot from her in just a class.
5.0 : Few words to describe this man. Confident, Competent, Character, and Charisma. Knows how to have a good time. A++
5.0 : The most inspirational man I have ever met. True leader and excellent teacher.
5.0 : Approachable, likes Metallica, knowledgeable
5.0 : As a college student, I've never met a man more diligent in is teaching and his work ethic than Mr. Dougherty. Though he his probably the hardest grader you will ever encounter in your life, he is a handsome, laid back, and easygoing mentor that one can ever meet. Don't piss him off though, because he will definitely put you in your place.
5.0 : He genuinely cares about students learning. Always gives great feedback, he wants you to learn something though so it will not be an easy A. Highly recommend!
5.0 : This man is my idol. Every day I am inspired and driven to learn, striving to be better just so I can make him proud. I would highly recommend taking a class with him.
5.0 : Outgoing professor who cares about her students. There's reading quizzes every week that are easy points. Her class is heavy on group projects the whole year, so as longs you meet up with your group, answer what's asked in the directions/rubric, you should be fine. Do your work, east A.
5.0 : Professor Lauer is by far the best professor! She has significant experience in the business field and shares that with her students so whether you are a business major student or just a freshman, you'll find it very interesting. Straight-forward assignments, easy online quizzes based on readings, etc. I'm taking her again as my professor in Bus200
1.0 : Reading quiz each week, half multiple choice and hald essay exams. Not too bad of a grader but definitely not a helpful professor. Attitude is very discouraging and she does not listen to student feedback when you try to have a conversation with her. Shuts you up and embarasses you in front of everyone. Just do your work &amp; show up to class to pass.
4.0 : She likes her students to be interactive which is why she has group talks almost every class about the topic of that week. Pretty good grader and definitely knows what she's talking about. Responds to her emails fairly quick and is very understanding.
5.0 : She is very nice and actively encourages participation. She has plenty of experience as a businesswoman and is always sharing her wisdom with everyone. She is also understanding, and is always trying to help you get the best grade. To be honest, you don't really have to read the book to do well because it's a pretty easy class. Solid choice!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors that I have had thus far. He is a very helpful grader and generally isn't too tough on you. The main thing for this class is to put effort in. Participation is key.
5.0 : He is the best !!!!
5.0 : Professor Cheema is one of the best professors at GMU. He is so understanding and caring about his students. Offers sample exams and reviews them before tests to make expectations and content easy to understand. Very good at teaching and a really nice guy. Would recommend to anyone who needs to take BUS 210 or 310
5.0 : Professor Cheema makes BUS210 very understandable. His lectures are straight forward with lots of examples done in class. Any basic statistics book can be used for class. He gives sample tests to practice on that very similar to the tests. He is always willing to go over the problems and wants everyone to understand the material.
5.0 : This professor is great at explaining the material in class. His exams are based on what he goes over in class so a textbook is not needed. He gives sample problems before exams and goes over them to make sure you understand the material. He is always willing to explain things if you dont understand. 3 exams and many small quizzes take home online.
5.0 : Professor Cheema is absolutely brilliant. GMU needs more professors like this guy. His teaching style is very organized and clear. He really cares for his students and is willing to answer any questions you have in or out of class. Two in class exams and two take home. Gives you practice exams prior to them. Highly recommend taking BUS310 with him
5.0 : TAKE HIM! PROF CHEEMA IS BEST AT WHAT HE DOES. VERY MUCH RESPECTED!!
3.0 : I don't like him as much as others do. All "assignments" are on Blackboard which are actually tests. Unlike other assignment systems that allows mutiple attempts and gives explanation, the questions are graded at the first attempt. To me it's not very fair. Repeats the same easy superficial materials in class many times, but exams are much harder.
5.0 : My favorite teacher at GMU this semester. His lectures were straight to the point and he would go as slow or as fast as the class needed. Very good at feedback and communicating and desired to help each student.
4.0 : Cheema was great! Didn't take attendance, but the lecture material was probably easier to follow than the book. He suggests using the book as a complement to the lectures, but if you plan on going to class, don't bother buying the book. He gave sample exams out before the exams and the format of the samples were identical to the exams.
5.0 : The epitome of a good person. Genuinely cares about every student and does everything possible to make sure you do well. Always answered my emails and any questions I had. There are a few online quizzes (which he will help you with if you get stuck) and three exams. He gives sample exams that are almost identical, but actual exams can be tricky.
5.0 : Great, kind professor who really wants us to understand material. U have to go to class and write notes tho since her slides are not that descriptive but she explains concepts really clearly. Her exams are medium and Final was similar to her prac exam. Does give xtra credit from particip. Keep practicing and go to class ull be fine! Hw smwht helpfu
4.0 : She is very sweet and caring. One thing I didn't like about her was she would go over the chapter really fast each class. It was hard to keep up with her at times but she was always willing to stop if someone had a question. The grade for the class was heavily based on the midterm and the final. She was a fair grader but the tests were hard.
5.0 : Dr. Huang is a kind professor who's willing to help you and answer questions if needed. She goes a little too fast sometimes in lecture, but she'll stop if you ask questions. The tests are not to be taken lightly though, but she's a fair grader. She also gives extra credit for attendance and doing the in class exercises. Overall, I'd recommend her.
5.0 : Really nice guy. He cares about his students and goes out of his way to explain things. Lectures can be a bit dry, but he does what he can to make it engaging. GMU got lucky when they hired this guy. Take him for sure.
5.0 : Prof. Esmaeili is the nicest guy I've ever met. He is always accommodating, and really wants to engage you in the topic. The class consists of 4 HW assignments, 2 open book tests, and 2 group projects. Content is boring, but he tries hard to help you stay awake. Easy A.
4.0 : He was my prof for the IT 104 lab portion. If you know basic computing (unlike me) then skip class. Otherwise you need to go to learn how to work with the applications like Excel and others. Most of them are easy so DO THEM bc takes at most 20 min, easy points. I really appreciated his patience since I know nothing about computing.
4.0 : Extremely long lectures in a monotone voice, other than that an easy A. Do the homework, and a project presentation as the final. Does't take attendance and there is no wrong answer for the homework.
5.0 : the lectures are long, but professor Fowler is very knowledgeable. He is not a hard grader and there are not many things due for this class. He seems like a very kind, relaxed guy.
5.0 : This class has three components: homework, a presentation, and the final. The homework is stupid easy and a lot of it is opinionated. The presentation is easy as well. If you can take this class online with him do it, otherwise you don't have to bother showing up. Doing my presentation was the first time I showed up all semester.
5.0 : Very Easy Course. Grading consists of: Homework, presentation, and final exam. Homework every week, it is opinionated, so easy A there. 10 min Presentation on any topic you choose is also graded easily. Final Exam is short answers and graded leniently. No midterm. In all, course is very easy however the lectures are boring. Easy A all around.
4.0 : She is very nice, down to earth, and has lots of knowledge and experience involving the material taught and business in general. The class has a substantial amount of assignments but they are all pretty easy and she will help you get started if needed. There is group work and presentations. no tests. I would definitely recommend her!
4.0 : She is a very kind teacher who knows what she is talking about. Her lectures are interesting for the most part. Just be prepared for group work. I loved how she would listen to student feedback about the class.
5.0 : Professor Viccora was amazing. She cares about her students and asks for feedback. Assignments aren't hard, but there's a lot of them. She is available for advice. There are several group assignments and presentations. Pick a good group. Grading is not tough, just complete your assignment and follow directions. There is no textbook and no final.
4.0 : The class itself was interesting, but I already took a class similar to this back at NOVA the only differences is that this class is a lot more work. At first you might feel overwhelm because she assigns a bunch of assignments all at once but due at different dates. There are a couple of group projects and presentations. She's nice and friendly.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and brings a lot of outside work experience to class. Very caring and respectful to students. A lot of group work, small assignments, and about 2-3 big papers. Pick your group wisely! Other than that - easy A. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Dr. French is an amazing person and a wonderful teacher to have for the capstone course. Very respected and easy going. He is available to the students and makes and effort to help.
5.0 : Dr. French is very personable. He cares about his students and wants to have a relationship with his students. He may not get your name pronounced right, but he knows who you are. He uses real world experiences and engages the class during his lectures - NO BS. Exams, presentations, etc. you'll be fine.
5.0 : Dr. French is the professor you want for BUS 498. This class is engaging, straightforward, but not unnecessarily difficult as other sections are. The exams are a bit tricky, but I recommend getting the PDF version to Control+F to easily search as you can use the book on the exams. Bottom line - Take Dr. French over anyone else, he's a good guy.
5.0 : She cares about you.
5.0 : I know this is an intro into Web Dev, but you learn a lot! I was leaning to game development, but Professor Kabli opened up my eyes to the world of Web Development. So much fun!
5.0 : Take this professor for web dev. She knows what she is talking about, helpful and actually makes the class interesting. Oh and the extra credit was actually fun!
5.0 : I am really happy I chose to take Professor Kabli for IT213. She cares about her students and will always do her best to help in any way she can. She does give pop quizzes, but she will emphasize to come to that class so that you won't miss the pop quiz. Definitely looking to take her again.
5.0 : She will help you if you ask (maybe re-submit an assignment). She goes over the important stuff to learn cuz there's a lot. Didn't like labs at first, I liked it by the end. You write your own website and not follow a book. Some labs were painfully long, due weekly. Also, no adobe provided by campus. Books are online through gmu to safari site.
5.0 : Professor Kabli is one of the best professors I have had at GMU! When you take her class, you see she understands the struggles students go through, and she is so understanding. She teaches only the important stuff, and the pop quizzes are no worry because she tells you what you need to know. Not a tough grader, and overall great professor!
5.0 : She's one of the kindest teachers at the school. She genuinely cares about her students, and only want you to learn and learn it well. She gives lots of leeway for late assignments, always looking for some way to give you credit. She wants all her stufentd to pass with flying colors. She's alot of fun, and she's very young so she relates to us well
4.0 : She makes you read A LOT of articles for EVERY single class, there WILL be a DIFFERENT article! Its crazy! Plus you have to add 3 comments or questions about every single article you read and she will randomly collected them for a grade! Basically making sure you READ ALL OF THEM!
4.0 : There were few grades in the class (midterm, field notes, final paper, and randomly collected homework reading comments/questions). This class is what you make of it, she is very engaging, so reading the assigned readings will make the class more enjoyable for you :) Glad I got to take a class like this instead of maths and sciences
5.0 : She is the probably same person for NOVA community. 424 is supposedly hard and one of the core requirements. But she made it so easy and I learn a lot. She cares about your grades. You can make up the quizzes if you missed which is good because not a lot of professors allow that. Overall, she is just amazing and chill
5.0 : I learned SO much in Prof Baker's class. The material can be difficult but she makes everything very easy to understand. I even used notes from her class to study for other classes I was taking. She's so kind. Has a ton of experience and I would def recommend taking her! 4 open note quizzes, 2 tests and 1 paper.
5.0 : This class is known to be difficult but she made it easy. She is nice and cares about her students. She made a boring topic enjoyable. Very knowledgeable on the topic as she is a former FBI Agent. I would take her again!
5.0 : No textbook needed. Gives study guides. Study PowerPoint's and study guide and you'll get an A on the exams. Drops lowest exam so final is optional. Online take-home quizzes that are only 5 questions. Takes attendance every class. Easy points if you show up. One group project . Only 2 hw assignments all semester based on Excel and Access. Easy A!!!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable, sweet professor choose her! Excel/Access hw are very difficult! Start early&amp; ask for help. Textbook doesn't help at all w/ quizzes/tests don't waste $ (answers on quizlet for rqs+study guide provided for exams)Prof responds to emails quickly &amp;available during office hours. Tests are tough &amp; have multiple choice w/ short answers.
1.0 : Do not take her for MIS 302. I am taking her right now. Class is very difficult. Homework and test are so hard. Half the class is failing. Homework takes at least hours to complete. I have a B in the class right now but it is the most difficult class i have ever took. 3 test, short answers, essay questions and code questions. No multiple choice.
5.0 : Gives out small online quizzes each chapter based off textbook. 2 exams and a final optional if you do well. Exams based off her power points not textbook. 2 projects on Excel and Access. One group project. Gives out study guides before exams. Material is not hard to understand. Once again understanding her power points are key to success.
5.0 : Lectures are a little boring, but overall I thin her class is really good. Make sure to take good notes and do the online quizzes. 3 exams, drops lower grade. 1 easy group project &amp; presentation. She gives a lot of extra credit opportunities. Her class is an easy A if you show up to class and pay attention. I would definitely take her again.
3.0 : Professor Lucie is a fine teacher but this MIS 302 class is one of the hardest classes I have taken. Homework every week that takes multiple hours, 2 tests that are very hard, and a group project where you solve a common problem with java. You learn a lot about java so if that's what you want take this class. Otherwise, find another ISOM elective.
4.0 : She counts your attendance for grade. She has an accent and her lectures are exactly the same as the textbook. She just goes over and explains them. There are also quizzes for every chapter, so get the textbook. She has study sheets for you to do, and if you do them, then you will pass the exam. She also has a lot of extra credit opportunities.
3.0 : She provided so many extra credit opportunities, which can allow anyone to receive an A as long as you put in the work. The exams did not seem to align with the lectures. As far as the lecture, I found it very boring, but still attended every class since attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : Such a nice guy! He makes the class interesting and gives really good feedback on tests and essays. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Professor Neville is an amazing professor. He really helps you understand the concepts and gives you real life examples. If you participate and ask questions he'll definitely help you out, he's very understanding, professional and gives you great feedback. his feedback helps on future assignments! TAKE HIM!
4.0 : I took him his first time teaching a class so there were some new teacher nerves and he wasn't perfect. That being said he is a good teacher and wants you to succeed. Designs the tests to give you as much credit as possible. Very willing to answer questions and review material.
5.0 : Bryan is the best instructor I've had so far throughout my econ degree. He's so passionate about economics and wants you to understand it as well as he does. His exams are not meant to be stressful, so if you show up, pay attention, and do the homework, you'll be fine. He's very approachable so definitely ask questions if you're lost. He's great!
5.0 : One of the best economics professor I ever had at GMU. Apparently, it was his first time teaching 311, and that was not obvious at allll. I was competely shocked when I found that out. He explains everything so clearly and all of his material is straight from the book, which I appreciated (the book actually mattered). Super smart, nice, funny.
5.0 : I really enjoyed class with Professor Coward. His teaching style is clear and concise, he explains things very well, and he has a great sense of humor. He is extremely kind and understanding and you can tell he genuinely cares about you and wants you to succeed. He grades only on the exams, but class participation definitely helps. Awesome overall!
5.0 : Professor Coward is very interacting and makes the lectures very interesting. His British accent makes the class even better. His tests aren't hard and there's no homework or anything. Just 5 exams including the final. Do take him for sure. One of the best professors I've had.
3.0 : Difficult exams, but interesting class if you're interested in the material. Mostly all slide shows and lecturing.
5.0 : Professor WIlkins is an amazing professor. His lectures are very interesting and engaging. He is a fairly easy grader and always gives feedback. He is very understanding and cares a lot about his students. I would 10/10 recommend him.
5.0 : Amazing professor who tries really hard to make class enjoyable. He is super caring and understanding. His assignments are awesome also.
5.0 : I really enjoyed his class! He was funny and understanding. The discussions we had were engaging and interesting. As long as you put effort in the work that you're supposed to do and try your best, he's an easy, chill grader. I would take another class with him as a professor again!
5.0 : Jensen is a great professor. She's very kind and understanding, and is very accessible outside of class if you need extra help. This is only her first year teaching, which is pretty impressive for how well she did. I enjoyed her a lot, and I'm taking another one of her classes next semester.
4.0 : In this class, there's several hw assignments, textbook readings + Blackboard posts, 1 midterm group project, and no final exam. Instead of a final exam, you have to make a portfolio (compilation of what you learned in CDS101) and do an interview (where you give her feedback on how CDS101 can be improved upon). The textbooks are online for free.
5.0 : I took her lab and there are in class assignments each class so you have to show up. She goes over your work before you turn it in and helps go over the things you got wrong. She is awesome, you will get an A in the lab if you take her.
5.0 : This woman knows what she is doing. She is extremely intelligent and flexible in her application of the material. She was engaging and easy to talk to when I had to miss class when I was sick. Overall, I would 100% take her again.
4.0 : I loved her she really cares about her students and wants them to pass. The assignments are not hard but do require a bit of work. All the papers you write are chosen by you based on your interests. She can also be funny sometimes. Overall a great teacher and enjoyable class.
4.0 : Very nice and cares about her students. Definitely a hot pepper, no doubt about that. Can be funny at times and even made an 8:30 am class enjoyable. Assignments aren't hard, but expect busy work. She's a tough grader, but gives a lot of feedback. Take her class.
5.0 : Soft spoken, but helps you understand the material.
5.0 : Dr. Howes is a recent grad from a biochemistry PhD program so he is young and really knows and loves what he teaches. He made organic chemistry so much easier to digest and is SUPER helpful! He was my favorite chemistry professor I've ever taken, even though this was just for a lab. He really cares about his students and is very friendly and nice!
5.0 : He's a great guy! Made organic chem lab tolerable. Lots of work required for the lab however, be prepared.
