1.0 : Katz does not take the time to invest in this class at all, he comes in reads an essay in a monotone for 50 minutes and leaves. Grades only the papers, which even then he does not do- he will give rude and insulting comments attacking the students in ways which a professional and professor in an academic institution should never do:1 word-tenure.
1.5 : The most stressful teacher I've ever dealt with. She's horrible at explaining and she switches up requirements without warning often
1.0 : The only reason I go to lectures is to get my clicker participation credit.  He's horrible at teaching the material in a way that we can understand.   I always leave the class having no clue what he was talking about. And to make things worse, the questions we go over in class are nothing like the homework (thank god for yahoo answers and chegg).
1.0 : He's never once done a problem with us on the board and instead tries to explain everything using  complex powerpoints with symbols and derivations.  Tests are impossible. All of the physics pilot leaders who have taken multiple physics classes before don't have any clue how to do the problems and the average  grade is an F. Don't ever take him
2.0 : Not the best at explaining proofs, which is very rough, considering that the class is proof based. She had essentially no communication with the TA, which meant that homework often was not related to what we covered in class, and the TA was absolutely clueless with regards to midterm/ final exam content. Highly recommend just reading the book.
1.0 : Micro (Applied Econ). Weiss is an incredibly unprepared , disorganized, &amp; rude instructor. Follows his handwritten notes that are never updated. Never prepares before class.  On 2 occasions, he let the class off early because he forgot the material. No office hours. Not available beyond class. Exams are from home work &amp; in-class notes. Easy A.
3.0 : Too many quizzes, exams and assignments. Although there was one extra credit assignment at the end, you have to score well through the course to end up with a decent grade.
2.5 : My biggest is the time it took to get feedback from assignments. I also didn't feel like anything I submitted was actually read.  In addition, questions we would post to blackboard (online learning tool) would not get answered for 2-3 days even during finals! The hands-off attitude de-motivates one participate or learn.
1.0 : This professor is totally no logic and mean to your grade. His exam guideline do not include all the concept you need to pass the exam, even in his powerpoints. You need to browse a lot by yourself and self-learning. Prepare to recite all the concepts and formula. His exam is totally close-book. I took his Bayesian econometics.
1.0 : Tough grader
1.5 : He is not good at teaching his material. He ALWAYS referred us to his TA... Why doesn't his TA just teach the class. He made the exams really hard and was not very helpful even going to office hours. Your better off not attending class and reading the book and getting to know the TA.
1.0 : The worst instructor!!!! Please try to avoid taking his lecture. He only talks about himself and his stories without teaching anything during lectures.  The only related to knowledge he does during lectures is reading the slides. Terrible experience!!!!!!!!!!!
3.0 : I know a lot of people hate him, but I like him for some reason. He really inspired me to be rich and successful, and what he said is actually useful in the real world. Quiz are all short answers but he graded them loosely. Plus, the question repeats all the time, so it is nice.
1.0 : I'm a international student from China in his M&amp;A class and he dont want to teach anything, just talk.
2.0 : Did not learn a thing from him. If anything it is a lot of busy work. He has very little real world experience and just talks about his next business venture. He has the biggest ego of all graduate teachers. A few people in my class were caught cheating... I have no idea how. Easy class, but horrible professor. Not worth taking for the grade.
1.0 : This course is lecture heavy alright, heavy on the Professor. This whole course is just a platform for Professor Harris to talk about himself, his businesses, his entire life basically. You will burn all the money in your pocket if you buy a book or a Harvard case for this course, because you won't use it. By final exam time, you'll be confused.
1.0 : Unclear explanations. Dismissive. Takes all fun out of learning.
1.0 : I literally cannot stand this woman. I didn't find the right words until I read the comments but "full of herself" is spot on. I didn't learn any new thing in her course. Feedback from her was terrible, and asking her for any kind of advice or direction would lead to me wanting to drop the course, and stop caring about the subject all together.
1.5 : This class was ridiculous. She would go on and on, it's mind numbing. Unless you wanna feel every single minute of her 1.15 hour class, don't take it. No visual material, all from her head... more then half the class almost failed her midterm. The reading--a joke because she hops from topic to topic. I'd avoid her if possible. Discussion mandatory.
1.0 : This class was the worst experience. Everyone around me would agree. People are doodling in their notebooks because her lectures end up no where. She lectures from her head and it starts making no sense after 30 minutes in. It is truly a grueling class to sit through. Her lectures are not helpful and everyone ended up failing the tests.
2.0 : David's a nice/fair guy, but the class was a hot mess and his presentation delivery doesn't help. Weekly hw assignments are long and graded so work in groups or buy the key. Tests are from the book. Classmates and myself felt the final was tough, but grades were generously curved. You'll be ok and survive, but try to avoid if possible.
1.0 : A sloppy undergrad class disguised as a grad class. Prof is disorganized, tardy with grading, and his 3 "quizzes" are impossible. 60 questions in 60 minutes -- about 50% - 75% of it will be on stuff you haven't learned by that point. He takes weeks to respond to questions. Very uninvolved. His teaching style is hands off, reading, weak lectures.
1.5 : Disorganized, hard to understand, terrible notes, repetitive labs and absolutely no pedagogy.  This man does not want to teach and it shows in his terrible teaching.  Possibly the worst class of my career in terms of learning.  Got an A.
2.0 : Communication is a major problem. Hold on subject material is dubious
1.5 : Pl don't waste your precious time by taking this class
1.0 : Elementary materials. You can take this course online.
1.0 : One of the worst teachers in the Carey School of Business. She is not clear and only want you to have her opinion. Anything else is wrong. Our entire class did not like her and even more so after the grades came back. They did not reflect what was on Blackboard... She literally just changed them to what she felt like we deserved. AVOID!!!
1.0 : Sinan's "teaching" is laughable. He has no credentials that actually mean anything in the real world. Confused as to why JHU thought he was an appropriate choice to have teach. Doesn't seem to care and is unable to clearly convey the information he's supposed to be teaching. Dull, yet falsely self-assured. Registering was a mistake.
1.0 : Honestly, just don't do it. Don't put yourself through a class taught by him. He should really just put a mirror up and lecture to himself, he'd love that.
1.5 : I really cannot understand why a good name school, like Johns Hopkins, hires such an incompetent instructor. I already had PhD from another university before I started MS at the Applied Economics program, and I have seen all kinds of instructors, but I rate him the worst I have had since grade school. He cannot even answer basic questions.
1.0 : I believe the professor was not typical of profs at Hopkins. In my opinion he was  unenthusiastic, not knowledgeable and showed no interest in teaching. He was disorganized and did not communicate well. I believe he gave the bare minimum. He was negative and lacking in academic qualifications to teach at MA level - no phd. He always seemed angry.
2.0 : He's not good at explaining things or writing clear instructions. If you ask for clarification, he re-routes you to the assignment description. He does grade very fairly. Creativity counts in his class, so use it to your advantage!
1.0 : Savitt is the worst teacher I've ever had. Class is theory based (aren't we trying to learn math?), homework is unrelated to lectures, and test questions barely have to do with either. If you took AP Calc in high school you should be fine (may even want to skip lecture so you don't have to listen to his annoyingness) but otherwise you're screwed.
1.5 : He overcomplicates everything. Going to lecture actually confused me more than just skipping lecture, looking at the homework, and teaching myself. Test questions were different in style to those in the book and the professor never really worked out the problems in class, just theory, which fed into the overcomplication.
2.5 : He's pretty okay.
1.5 : One of the worst professors I've had. She is usually not around, and when she is she is very unhelpful. Almost completely nonresponsive to emails and gives terribly confusing feedback on your projects. Expectations are unclear and grades highly subjectively. Stay away from this course, because while the idea of the class is great, this professor ru
1.0 : Dr. Logsdon gives really unclear feedback and has very subjective grading. She gives mixed feedback and doesn't add any value to this course for the position of power that she has in the course.
1.0 : I came into BME really interested in devices, industry, and Design Team, but her course ruined it for me. Her expectations are unclear, she is extremely unresponsive and generally unavailable. Grades very tough, but doesn't give any individual help to teams (hasn't even made an attempt to get to know us on a personal level). Overall terrible prof.
1.0 : Extremely fickle. Gives advice that directly contradicts her grading. Is basically never present, and doesn't bother to meet with the team or show up to committee meetings. Not really sure who let this lab manager be an instructor for this course, especially when she has given absolutely no semblance of competence at any point in the semester.
1.0 : Very difficult or near impossible to reach the Professor when help or clarification on an issue.  She likewise did not teach her own materials for the online class, but instead just included links to YouTube videos.
2.0 : Josh knows his stuff but his course lacks structure and clarity. Be prepared to do a lot of independent research. 95% of what I learned about iOS (Swift and XCode) came from online research. The assignments are either super easy or insanely difficult. He grades hard and tends to drone in class. In all fairness this was his first time teaching.
1.0 : lots of work to do. the way too much. Josh is brand new for teaching, that means he really doesn't know how to teach. just don't take this class. study ios dev by your self online. you will find better study resources. if you just want to take this course for credit? be prepared you already have ios dev experiences. worst ever
1.0 : The lectures are extremely boring and the grading is pretty harsh. I really did not learn anything from this course. He essentially reads lecture slides which are monolithic blocks of text.
1.0 : The online psychology class was poor. She did not provide any good feedback for assignments or discussions. I think she's not a good teacher because she doesn't know how to add good comments to the class discussion and does not reply to emails. If you have a technical issue or questions in the class, she is of no help. The worst summer class ever.
1.0 : The most stuck up and disorganized teacher I have ever had in my entire life. I am righting this 19 days after my final and I still haven't gotten my final grade. This course was flat out disorganized, the teacher was never available on the dot when help was needed and he shouted back at us when we requested things, like where are we taking exams.
1.0 : The real issue with with this class was that she didn't proof read her assignments so there were material typos and ambiguities on every assignment that would effect the outcome of a regression. Second, her grading was arbitrary. She claimed to have a rubric but it clearly wasn't consistent. You'll pass but you can't count on her to be fair.
1.0 : Lectures are rushed and somewhat shallow even for complicated material. Homework assignments are huge, though not too complicated. While the exam is crazy with suspicious grading. I do regret taking this course. He must be a good researcher, but teaching is simply not his cup of tea.
1.0 : Changes criteria for group projects the day that the project is due. Additionally, does not read emails thoroughly.
1.0 : Not really any good.
2.0 : He's a very nice guy, ALWAYS willing to help, and very intelligent. However, he is an awful lecturer. His thick accent is only one reason for this. He speaks incredibly fast and his demeanor during lecture makes him unapproachable, so that you are afraid to ask questions.
1.0 : The worst graduate student who teaches a writing course.
2.0 : She doesn't give lectures. Just makes you read the book and some "notes" she has written. Then she gives you an assignment, group project, and a weekly discussion. You don't really learn the material and so you don't know how to answer the questions on the homework or even what she is asking half the time.
1.0 : Very limited lecture provided with the class and extremely harsh grading rubrick. I do not feel the course material provided enough information to successfully complete the assignments.
1.0 : She doesn't give lectures. Sometimes she gives notes on the topic. She just assigns books and papers to read the contradict each other constantly. She is a tough grader but doesn't give back the grades quickly so you don't know where you are at until it is too late. She also doesn't give back sufficient feedback.
2.0 : + knowledgeable about Data Science + produced good content for some modules + responsive - later modules sorely missing important content  - video lectures mediocre - strange practice of peer grading - he can be disrespectful when responding - prereqs should include advanced statistical analysis and machine learning - too many assignments
1.0 : This professor just lecture on the simple stuff and everything else should be figured out by yourself and will be on the exam. Basically his online video is a waste of time. He doesn't want to answer question. and he even google to answer question. He doesn't understand, student already good the stuff before asking him.
1.0 : Disorganized, unresponsive, rare office hours, penalizes the picayune while his mistakes/ambiguity cause prolific confusion, tells you do do something one way then marks you wrong for doing it. Texts were excellent, but taught myself. $52,000 tuition/year for this??  Beware: tests untaught material, same person American University and Whittier.
1.0 : The professor is extremely poor at explaining concepts and makes frequent mistakes in calculations. Attending lecture and taking notes will NOT help you understand the material or get good grades on homework. Your best bet is to read the textbook and do problems by yourself, make friends in the class, and pray that you have a good TA.
1.0 : I'm relying almost entirely on my textbook and my TA. She often won't/can't explain things or answer questions. She uses confusing notation and frequently skips large steps in her problem solving with no explanation. Her office hours are minimal and very inconvenient. She's a smart person but I haven't met anyone who finds her to be a good teacher.
1.0 : Took his Intro to Python class, the videos explanation was not clear and logic behinds the codes were never explained. Yes, results matter but the logic matters most. And that is why we are learning a language.
