5.0 : Great guy, nice professor. Knows everything about organic. You have to show up to class as notes are not posted.  He uses chalk board rather than power point which is nice
5.0 : Best Orgo 2 Teacher EVER! Some say he is even better than Falzone
4.5 : His lectures were the best part of the course because he taught from actual scientific research papers instead of secondhand textbook info. He provided a real world perspective of organic chemistry, with his own personal brand of humor!
5.0 : Dr. Lectka's course was amazing. While there is no textbook, and the material is more difficult, it was highly rewarding. His lectures make the material graspable, and the concepts you learn will apply to all fields of chemistry, and even made adv. biochemistry courses much easier (my peers who did not take this course did not feel same way).
5.0 : Working in the Lectka lab is very rewarding. You are able to get a lot of hands-on experience and work directly with grad students on their individual projects. Dr. Lectka is very open to having undergraduates join the lab and makes the effort to get to know everyone! Would recommend to anyone looking to do organic research
5.0 : took his summer lab class.  relaxed atmosphere, easy A, loved the banana oil experiment.
5.0 : Really interesting dude. He combines earthy, working class science humor with an Ivy League polish. His jokes are not superfluous, and they all carry a deeper lesson. Pitches the material high and hard as it's an honors class.  You will learn a lot of organic chemistry, and it will be up to date.
5.0 : Took the organic II class and it was absolutely amazing. Professor is incredibly clear and conveys the information in a very understandable, entertaining manner. Would absolutely recommend this class to anyone interested in taking organic ii. Tests are extremely fair and require you apply the information that you learned in class.
5.0 : Prof. Lectka's class for Orgo 2 was delivered in a very refreshing style, and he emphasizes a lot on understanding concepts instead of purely memorizing. Highly recommended to take orgo with him!
5.0 : Prof. Deudney is a fantastic treasure of IR and Poli Sc of JHU. It is an honor to be his student and get A's in his classes. I took his 4 upper classes (POL190.443/480/407/536) and it was absolutely the best academic experience so far in Hopkins. A lot of reading. No exams/quizzes. One paper 50 pages or 2x25, report book in class if you wish.
5.0 : Hendry is kind, hilarious, and redefines knowing his stuff. He will explain until you understand, and his lectures are the best I've had at Hopkins so far. Highly recommend his class.
5.0 : You HAVE to keep up with the material. It is hard, but doable if you are passionate about the Nervous System.
5.0 : Amazingly well-informed. Guy's a walking neuro (and other subjects too) encyclopedia. Ask him anything and he'll respond. Slightly snarky, but nice.
5.0 : Hendry is a brilliant person, effective teacher, and a good guy. It bothers me a lot to hear people ever say anything to the contrary, because I have not had a professor who takes as much of an interest in the success of their students. Work hard in his classes, go talk to him once in a while, and it will pay off.
5.0 : Charismatic &amp; hawt. Good lecture style
5.0 : Wonderful lecturer- shows true passion for his subject, as well as a willingness to share that passion with his students.
5.0 : Do yourself a favor and take one of his courses. You learn so much more than just the subject material. He cares about how his students do, he is incredibly easy to talk to and is the one of the best lecturers at Hopkins. I took 4 courses with this man and have turned out for the better.
4.5 : Really interesting teacher. Funny guy who takes pride in his work. Not easy but fair. His course led me to consider neuro as a major.
3.0 : Super Super smart and great teacher. However, he has a sarcastic sense and although many teachers can benefit from their sarcastic humor, it comes off on the way for freshman who are still struggling on the change from high school to college.
5.0 : Hendry is an amazing professor. Its nice to have a professor who is so passionate about teaching. One time I ran into him and he was really bouncy. I asked him why he was so excited and he said that he just gave his favorite lecture in his Visual System course. --- passion
5.0 : Dr. Hendry is a great professor. He cares for his students and ensures that you understand the material before you leave his office any way how. He is also really fun to talk to outside of neuroscience, so that it seems like you are talking to a person rather than an intimidating professor. Great guy, great knowledge, can't wait for second semester
5.0 : Steven David is one of my favorite professors! Reading is about 150-200 pages a week, but don't be intimidated by that. Besides reading, there is basically no work other than studying for tests.
5.0 : Best political science professor at JHU. His lectures are thought provoking and always interesting. He honestly cares about his students
5.0 : Professor David is hilarious and engaging! He records his lectures, so you don't necessarily have to go to every class, but I NEVER missed a single one and looked forward to every class. The readings are long, but very interesting. He really knows his stuff! However, the grading really depends on what TA you have and which TA grades your exam :(
5.0 : Amazing professor. One of the best I've ever had in my entire life.
4.0 : Lectures aren't helpful in terms of testgrade, but they are enjoyable to sit through. You can learn a lot about how the business world works from him, but I'm not talking about the test material. His stories, insight, and lectures teach much more than his powerpoints and tests. In fact, I would say his tests are unnecessarily obscure.
4.0 : awesome guy
5.0 : Excellent class.  Great lab.  I particularly enjoyed the field trips and Professor Elbert's breadth of knowledge.
4.5 : Hands down the most caring teacher at this school, and makes herself available to talk as much as needed. She is tough, but as long as you show up and engage yourself, she will teach you as much about developing your own ideas as the class material. Dr. Gorman is a kind and passionate teacher, way more than a professor just here for research.
5.0 : I went into this class expecting it to be a lot more difficult than it would be worth, but found the prof to be engaging, compassionate, and clear. She is upfront about the fact that it is too much material to memorize, but that her goal is to provide a background to brain, behavior, and cognition. The tests were fair and even interesting.
4.5 : She lectures at the speed of light, but it's okay because she also posts recordings of the lectures for students to look over later. The tests are tough, but since there's no homework, you can spend all of your time just studying notes and lectures, so it's not a horribly difficult class.
5.0 : Professor Gorman has definitely been the most invested professor I've encountered. Her and the TAs are amazing and will provide every tool one needs to succeed.  The structure of the class, from the Panaptos to the review sessions, are in place for the student to excel. I would recommend this class to anyone regardless of background.
5.0 : There are several plays you need to read and weekly journals to be done.  As long as you do that and memorize lines given (not too many), then it's an easy A.  Great guy.  Always wants the best for you and is quite understanding.
5.0 : Marc Lapadula is a passionate professor with a real desire to see his students succeed. He is attentive to each individual student and is always willing to sit down with you one-on-one to work on your individual screenplay and your writing as a whole. One of the best professors I've ever had.
5.0 : One of the best writing classes I took in my entire time at Hopkins. Marc Lapadula drills into you formatting and narrative basics, which you need to pursue screenwriting. At the same time, he’s incredibly fun and creates a sense of community in class so everyone enjoys themselves. He genuinely cared about students and took time to go over work.
5.0 : Marc is a fantastic professor, mentor, and gives great writing advice. He helps you learn the basics by reading screenplays, both old and new. He thoroughly reads each of your drafts and provides outstanding feedback and suggestions. His workshops are hands down, the best I have ever been in. An outstanding professor and even greater guy.
5.0 : Marc is a great professor and mentor, and I encourage taking both screenwriting and play writing. Hands down, his feedback and workshops are the best I have ever had. Not only is he thorough in his comments, but he sparks great ideas for future drafts. He's always willing to talk, and you can count on his support. Funny, confident, and a great guy.
5.0 : Incredible professor--Marc's knowledge about screenwriting and storytelling is inspiring. I really grew as a writer in this class. Marc built up our skills while allowing us to strengthen our individual voices as writers. I can honestly say that this class has probably changed the career trajectories of more than a few of the class members.
5.0 : One of the few professors I have had with the ability to show you how the craft worked in the real world, not just in a classroom environment. The work I did in the class was some of the most important work in terms of learning about the building blocks of screenwriting, and it has been a part of my writing process ever since
5.0 : Marc Lapadula is a wonderful professor and writer. He has an amazing knowledge of his fields (playwriting and screenwriting) and especially is expert in film analysis. He makes the entire process fun. He has great skill in helping you improve your scripts, but also in teaching you the reasoning behind those changes so you can grow as a writer.
5.0 : Marc Lapadula is the BEST. His passion is contagious. He truly cares about his students' success. Even if you are new to screenwriting, you will find yourself engaged, inspired&amp; full of fervor. It is a lot of hard work, but that which pays off. Definitely a class you will leave with a whole lot more in your head &amp; your heart than you came in with.
4.5 : I still use the texts he gave us in class as a guide for writing. Marc teaches with so much passion and energy . Truly an inspiration each and every day and really made it one of the most enjoyable classes I've taken. I think that every program at Hopkins would benefit by having professors take a page out of his book.
5.0 : Marc Lapadula was the best professor I've ever had. Not only were his lectures clever, instructive and hilarious, but they inspired you. After the first lecture, I was genuinely excited to write. You will look forward to going to this class. Tack on his amazing feedback and thorough critiquing of screenplays, you really can't go wrong with him.
5.0 : Workshop focused. Gives really clear grading criteria, great feedback on scripts. You really get back what you put in -- he'll challenge you, but you'll get a lot better. He's got a big personality, so class will always be interesting.
5.0 : Marc Lapadula is an amazing teacher. He's hilarious, inspirational, and knows the craft of screenwriting inside out. He gives great notes. He'll tell you if something's not working and he'll give suggestions on how to fix it.  I wish there  had been more classes with him when I was at Hopkins. Your craft really improves in this class.
5.0 : Professor Lapadula's scriptwriting courses are a true inspiration. His passion for film and dramatic writing is infectious, and while he integrates screenings, script analysis, and anecdotal lore into his lectures, his courses center around student workshops and meaningful feedback reflecting both classic and innovative storytelling techniques.
5.0 : The classes I took with Professor Lapadula were undoubtedly the highlights of my Hopkins career. He genuinely cares for every student, makes time to give everyone individual attention, and always treats everyone with respect. He has over twenty years of teaching experience, and it shows. I can't recommend his courses highly enough.
5.0 : His class environment is unique in that he combines a laid-back, fun atmosphere with a serious working environment in which one can accomplish and learn a lot. He has that rare combination of approachability and seriousness, a fun-loving professor who also knows how to run a well-organized, well-structured class.
5.0 : In my Intermediate class, we had the choice of either writing a 30-minute screenplay or a feature; writing a feature was the best decision I could have made. I felt supported along the way with the help of the professor and our small groups, and it was exhilarating s; I would hope that every Writing Seminars student experiences something like that.
4.0 : The best introduction to a language class I have ever taken. Is easy to contact and talk to; she would gladly help you with your pronunciation, sentence structure, and grammar. Gives constructive criticism and ways to improve your assignment. Grades based on completion of work and improvement. Gives extra credit. I look forward to seeing her.
5.0 : Really makes you focus on composition, subject matter, perspective, and intention. I would highly recomend taking any of her classes.
5.0 : Yay! Thanks, Prof. You rock!!!
5.0 : She's a really good professor and you can tell she actually cares. She teaches thing in a really easy way to understand. Don't listen to all the haters. One of the few nice people at this school.
5.0 : Gen Bio Lab is pretty clear cut. Just follow the guidelines and an A is extremely feasible. Lab was very fun and short. Pearlman is very kind and fun to talk to.
5.0 : Pearlman is a pearl in sea. She is so beautiful at heart and also visually. Lemme talk about her visual aspects: though she might need some braces, she embraces the flaws and shows confidence, which makes her more attractive and charming. About her teaching aspects, she is very educated like a man, and shows care like a woman.
5.0 : She is a true bae, anyone who doesnt love this pearl of a woman has issues and needs to take gen bio I with her because she is the bestest sweetheart one could ever meet.
4.5 : one of the best teachers Ive ever had, very challenging, very engaging, should have tenure.
2.0 : he is a brilliant man but he never taught the class. we had to read 14 books, each about 200-400 pages long--1 per week. he never discussed the books and the students had to give presentations on the information, not him. he is very smart but he did nothing to engage me in the course.
4.0 : One of the best classes ever.
5.0 : One of the best professors, hands down!  As is mentioned, he has a wealth of experience in both the private and public sectors and is genuinely concerned about the student experience - will work with you if you need anything at all.  Classes have open and frank discussions, lots to learn!
5.0 : Dr. Wolfson is an amazing professor. She responds promptly via email and makes herself available outside of class. Her grading is fair and gives great feedback. Would definitely take her class again.
5.0 : Dr. Worley is an expert on national/international security and foreign affairs. He masters the subjects he teaches, welcomes different views, is always available to assist students and answer their questions even on weekends, and loves what he does. He is one of the best professors I had the privilege to interact with at Johns Hopkins University.
1.0 : Dr. Wells is literally the worst professor I've ever had. I have a very strong background in biochem and I feel as though I've lost it because of her. Her lectures are not representative of what she is expecting on the exams/test. It online class and I felt overwhelmed.   She should not be teaching.
4.5 : Dr. Wells is an awesome professor! I have taken 3 online AAP courses with Dr. Wells (Biochemistry, Advanced Cell Biology II and Neurobiology) and she has consistently proved to be the best professor at JHU! She takes the time to ensure you understand the material and provides many online platforms to ask questions. Be prepared to work and learn!
4.5 : Very helpful, friendly, and engaging. Lectures and tests were straightforward. I definitely recommend taking core classes with her.
4.5 : Very involved. Good use of online discussions. Short and concise lectures, which can keep your attention. Lot of  time spent reading the book. She did review sessions before the exams,  which was very helpful.
4.5 : Took Dr. Wells for the AAP Biochem class online. Great professor. Has a lot of mini assignments that all have the same due date, but it is manageable. Homework assignments and the exam review sessions are good markers for text material. All you needed to do was listen to the lectures (approx 30 min in length) and attend the exam review session.
5.0 : Prof. Robeson is so great. Her greatest attribute is her clarity. She explains things very well.
4.0 : Dr. Robeson is a good professor.  If you're struggling - let her know early.  Statistics is  hard and she wants students to do well.  If you do that, and consistently show that you're working hard to understand concepts, she is unlikely to fail you.
5.0 : This is an absolutely fantastic professor.  Statistics is a very tough course but she is beyond helpful.  She is also great at guiding you in figuring out what types of problems you should be working on so you are prepared for the quizzes and exam.  Fantastic professor all around.
4.0 : She is a great professor except that she is bound by the university mandate of following certain things just because the syllabus says so. Otherwise she is great. If you keep in touch with her about your progress she will help you succeed.
4.0 : Amazing professor. She puts everything in her syllabus so there are no surprises. Fair amount of work. If you watch her videos online and do the hw, you should be fine. Fair grader. Extremely helpful and nice. Finals were open book/notes so pay attention throughout the semester and the final won't be a killer. Does everything she can to help.
5.0 : one of the best profs at Hopkins, very fair, clear, and accessible. great teacher
4.0 : Reasonable workload + generous grading! An (extremely) easy A, but also an interesting class. I learned so much I was ignorant of before about African history. Professor Larson works hard to ensure that generalizations and popular fallacies about Africa are destroyed/corrected in his class. Nerdy, but kind. Great TA!
5.0 : Brilliant, engaging, friendly.
4.0 : Exams are not hard if you know the material and make good use of the cheat sheet. All section homework may be time consuming, but grading is very lenient. Definitely an enjoyable class!
5.0 : The lectures are really interesting!
5.0 : Took Shuster for Cinema and Philosophy. We watched movies and read philosophy, what more can you ask for in a class? Shuster is very funny and definitely got me to think about things in a new way. He expects a lot from you, though--a paper and a final project, but he grades reasonabely.
5.0 : A LOT of work, but great prof.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Hopkins.
5.0 : Hard class but was worth it. Learnt a lot, especially how to use models to simplify and solve economic problems.
4.0 : Grades a little hard. Usually gives lots of assignments, none take too much time. I had him for internet in the law. Very cool guy. Likes participation.
5.0 : Took her WritCom course at MassArt -- while it was nominally a class on essay writing, this was an advanced placement class and the bulk of the material was focused on philosophy and utilitarian ethics. Class was engaging and involved debate. She is very critical of your essays and doesn't just hand out As, but is fair and helpful. Good humored.
5.0 : Great professor. Smart as hell. You might just have a different outlook on life if you take her class seriously, she really takes you on a journey. Some subject matter is not easy for the narrow-minded to wrap their heads around. Lots of philosophy, lots of testing of theories.
1.0 : Couldn't learn anything from this class.
5.0 : For a pretty boring subject he does a phenomenal job in making it interesting and informative. Amazing teacher.
5.0 : The class is really long since it's only once a week so the interesting lectures kind of drone on but the professor cares so much about all of his students doing well and learning. His exams are straightforward and he gives study guides. You have to put in work but you can always get the results you studied for. Amazing class and amazing guy.
5.0 : An amazing professor. Always accessible for office hours, will answer e-mails quickly (even over weekends or late at night), and really works hard to make sure you understand everything. Also offers extra credit on most tests/assignments and grades very well.
4.0 : Accessible teacher, goes through the course material a bit quicker than you might like (sometimes her explanations aren't the best) but always makes herself available to help outside of class. her notes were a bit confusing but she was generous with the course's grading also. go to class &amp; her office sometimes and you'll probably get a B+ minimum.
5.0 : Kaminski taught a great Immunology course.  He was engaging, funny, thoughtful and used great analogies to explain a complex topic.  I learned more last semester in his class that 8 years in the field.  I HIGHLY recommend the course if you have an interest in the topic.  You will enjoy the lectures.
5.0 : I took Vaccinology at JHU with this professor and it was one of the best classes that I took for my Master's.  He was engaging, current and didn't rely on power point to teach (also used the chalk board, radio stories, etc).  He expects a lot from his class so be sure to participate!
5.0 : Just finished Immunology with Kaminski and LOVED the course.  He is engaged and helps make a complex system easy to understand.  My only disappointment is that he is not teaching an advanced Immunology course.  I would HIGHLY recommend the course if you want to learn Immunology and enjoy your Tuesday nights!
5.0 : Super great guy! He was only my TA but I've also heard great things about the classes that he teaches on his own. He is super interested in the subject and that is very apparent. I will actively try to take courses from him in the future.
5.0 : Great guy! Great class! Record your lectures and read and listen to them before the exam. Easy A if you go to class.
3.0 : Terrible lectures. He tries a bunch of formats so it is hard to get used to. I listened to a live recording of one of his in class lectures and that was good. It is just when he specifically records for online that it doesn't work and he is bad at putting ppt together. Also really bad at teaching math. The extra credit makes up for it.
5.0 : Fair grader and nice prof. His lectures were inspiring and made me want to study the material beyond Just getting a good grade.
3.0 : This professor is OK, the majority of the course you arent able to really test your knowledge, there are wiki posts and discussion posts that are graded pretty easily with no feedback. One midterm is VERY EASY. BUT THE FINAL, with no warning the final exam is very hard, And thats how your grade will drop at the very end with no warning.
4.5 : He is a fair grader and depends on his lectures! I would recommend recording lectures because he talks super fast, but he is a great professor!! I would recommend taking him!!
4.5 : Prof. Daniel holds high expectations and is a fair grader and interesting lecturer.
4.5 : she's hot, she's easy, great teacher
5.0 : BEAUTIFUL,AMAZING,HAPPY,GREAT,ETC. SHE LOVES HER JOB AND U CAN TELL- WORK INVOLVED, BUT WELL WORTH IT TO SEE HER SMILE WHEN U GET IT RIGHT
5.0 : Prof. Maouelainin is amazing!! She's passionate, funny, patience and smart. The way she teaches stimulates your curiosity and really makes the lecture interesting. She gives good feedback and is always reachable whenever via email or during office hours. Come to class prepared and be open to the class, I guarantee you'll learn a lot and get an A!
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Great sense of humor and brilliant lectures! Don't leave Hopkins without taking one of his classes!
5.0 : Elaborated examples to teach the students. One of the best classes I have taken at Johns Hopkins
5.0 : He is a great professor.
4.0 : He's really a professor that's there for his students; perfectly willing to take extra time for any problems you might have, and even organizes class lunches at the beginning of the semester. Physics is tough in general, so the quality of the professor matters, and Prof. Leheny will go the extra mile for a student. BTW, you will need a clicker.
3.0 : Good person, teaching style just did not work for me at all. Could have not gone to lecture at all because they were no help if you didn't understand the prelectures. Written homework was hell on earth and nothing like what we did in class. Exam format and grading were just horrible in terms of consistency and relevance to class work.
5.0 : intro human brain FTW.  study his practice tests.
4.0 : Dr. Jones will have you examine Colonial America from multiple, often out of the ordinary, perspectives through lecture, discussion groups, and readings. You will read. A LOT. He is super flexible if you have a legitimate reason for missing class. His exams can be tough. He really want you to know the topic inside and out.
2.5 : not too clear about what he is looking for in an essay. talks a lot and doesnt let students participate as much, then gives poor participation grades for it
5.0 : Best professor ever
3.0 : I had McCloskey for Visual Perception, which was the hardest class I've taken besides CogNeuro. His tests were difficult and not straightforward at all-even if you knew the material you could easily get confused by his questions and do poorly. Our grade was mostly based on these exams. He would also make inappropriate political jokes in class
5.0 : It is very rare that I am astounded by a teacher. But I am completely, utterly astonished by Prof. Mao. Each of his phrases are colored by acute insight, and he tosses off pithy bits of eloquence like nothing. He is incisive and brilliant; he adores words. More importantly, however, he is kind, generous, and one of the best teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : Hands down, Mao is the best professor that I've had at JHU. His eloquence can be intimidating at first, but once you talk with him, you realize how friendly he is and how much he genuinely cares about his students. His classes are work heavy, but he  will go out of his way to give you any help or extensions you need.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. You can clearly see that he's very happy to be teaching the class and he wants the students to participate and talk with him. I'm glad that I took his class this semester.
4.5 : awesome guy and thoughtful
5.0 : really glad that taking course from him in bilkent
5.0 : I love her
4.5 : Good prof, Financial Accounting is boring.
5.0 : Dr. Fisher is a very clear and passionate lecturer who comes up with creative ideas to help you learn the material in class. She is very down to earth and fun to talk to, and is always willing to help you study in new ways or understand course material. I wish she taught more classes!
5.0 : Professor Konstantopoulos is kind, clear, helpful, and an incredibly effective teacher.  Nothing negative can be said about him or the classes he instructs.
4.5 : He's nice, his lectures might not be the most interesting but he's willing to help students who don't understand. Uses the textbook a lot, and is very friendly to all the students.
3.0 : Took introductory course. Smooth teaching style, however, not very helpful to students. Rarely available at the office.
5.0 : One of the best classes @ Hopkins
5.0 : Dr. Belienson is an amazing professor. I took Public Health Policy with him. He brought it all kinds of different lecturers from Baltimore and made the class very relevant and interesting. Super nice and humble guy, but also very decorated. My favorite class at Hopkins.
4.0 : Great teacher. I can recommend my friends to take his courses.
4.0 : I would love to take another class from Professor Stephens, but I don't think my GPA can handle it.
5.0 : AWESOME! Really cool professor, very very knowledgable, very respectful and fair. Don't bother doing that huge package that seems mandatory and a waste of time, just read it over, no one will read that. Assignments are very good for personal reflection.
5.0 : Prof. Lehman was definitely one of the best professors in the MBA program. The course was tough, and so was he. But I learned a lot and I am thankful that I took him instead of anyone else for Business Law.
4.0 : I took Crain because K. Day was the other option and she wasn't rated well.  He turned out to be super nice.  Tons of reading, but enjoyable.  Interesting class, but hated the group projects (my teammates were extremely unhelpful) and he didn't grade anything until the last week of class, so we really didn't get feedback.
5.0 : He is not only a good professor but also a good mentor  by all means. Speaking of how well a professor could be prepared for one single class, professor Cheong is the best one I ever met. He is always there when we need help and do care about us . Friday Discussion Group, which we are highly involved in, is an awesome platform he gives us.
5.0 : I learned a lot in this class. Course formats are diverse including  lectures, discussions and empirical hand-on teaching. He always gives us detailed and clear feedback for homework. He also gives perfect feedback for every quizs . Overall, he gives what we expected a good professor could do, plus a lot patience and love. We all appreciate that.
5.0 : Well organized
5.0 : I love his lecture because it is very clear and he is very knowledge. It would be awesome if he can combine the lecture with the reality and have more projects together with the lecture.
4.5 : The quizzes and exams are easy if you listen carefully in class. I learned a lot from his classes. He is an amazing professor who can explain lectures clearly and in an organized way.
5.0 : He teaches me a lot. And the exam is not difficult. Just enjoy the lectures  in his class!
5.0 : I took the investment course and it is really good. Best professor!
4.0 : Kwang Soo is a good professor, at least compare with most of other professors in here. Clearly lecture and great feedback, always reply the questions at 4am.  Not easy to get a A, but much easier for A- or B+.
5.0 : Give us useful feedback and a clear picture of what we are going to learn in this course
4.5 : Lectures are clearly organized, gives good feedback, strange sense of humor, eager to help students, easy homework, light readings, hot teaching assistant
5.0 : excellent
5.0 : Took Issues in International Studies.  Great class.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at Hopkins. Worth taking a class to have her as a teacher.
1.5 : Was incorrect about several topics, used poor language in tests, and clearly never checked his assignments. Do not expect him to respond to you by email ever, or to receive your readings on time.  Plus side: Tells "Dad Jokes" all the time and plays videosmovies often.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Such a nice guy. Not the quickest grader.
4.5 : Hilgartner is a fantastic guy and professor.  He cares about his students and the material.  Very friendly, easy to talk to and understanding.  I would most certainly recommend him. If you work hard in his class and communicate with him when you need help you will  get an A.  He's awesome.
5.0 : Has great perspectives on life, universe, and everything be sure to ask questions either in or out of class if you want to make the most of your time studying under this man.
4.5 : He scheduled amazing intimate convos with people who helped shape the city. He really cared about making sure everyone understood, and broke down complex topics so you can understand.
4.5 : Good professor. Very friendly and approachable, and clear about what he expects from you. It was interesting learning about pathogens from his perspective as an army biodefense researcher. The downside to the course was having to do a group project. One other interesting thing was that Dr. Webb only gave whole letter grades, no +-
5.0 : Dr. Webb is a great professor.  His material is interesting and his voice threads add to discussion of topics.
3.0 : nice guy. very helpful but the truth is he was so bad at explaining stuff in his notes. I would struggle with a problem and even my ph.d friends were like, how did he word this? is this a joke? struggled and had to use youtube and engineers to help with problems
5.0 : Great professor.  I actually considered changing majors over to stats after his class--he made it that good.  Really brings the material to life, which is saying a lot about the professor given I took him for statistics.  Very low use of text book to cover the material--therefore, your attendance is of paramount importance.
5.0 : Midterms and Finals are most of the class. The homework is consistent and straightforward, just watch his lectures and read the book (2-4 hours a week total I'd say)   The tests have a few tricky differences meant to make you think critically and really test your understanding of the economics, not just the math.   A- is relatively simple to get.
5.0 : I took Math Methods with Professor Danger and it was fantastic. He gives excellent lectures  and an appropriate amount of homework. The course isn't easy by any means, but I found that between the textbook and the lectures I had everything I needed to succeed. 10/10 will take future courses with him if possible.
5.0 : Ken is a good professor.  Class for derivatives was optional but you probably want to go if you want an A in the class.  The problem sets are fair as far as length goes but some of the responses he's wants for some of the questions are a little goofy.  I spent about 8 hours per week for an A.
3.5 : Took 440.646 - Economics of Derivatives and 440.304 - Math Methods for Economists. Received a B for Derivatives and A- for Math.  Math Methods was pretty easy. Derivatives was much more difficult with long homework assignments. Tests are much harder than the homework.  Grades were curved for Derivatives as the median scores was a C.
5.0 : Best
4.0 : excellent professor
5.0 : Dr. D'javanshir is one of JHU's best  profs. I learned a lot and enjoyed his lecture.
5.0 : Dr. D'javanshire is very knowledgeable, I loved his lectures and  learned a lot, but don't expect an easy A!
5.0 : Professor Djavanshire is one the best professors that I had met in this university. He is very knowledgeable and has the ability to teach complex math or other concepts in clear and understandable way.
1.0 : His lectures didn't make a whole lot of sense. He hands you a Powepoint slide deck with a lot of complicated formulas, and says: have fun. His offer to "help" really wasn't an offer, but more just to make him look good. Generally unresponsive to questions. I would try and avoid this guy, he methods of conveying information are very unclear.
1.0 : strong accent, bad logic
5.0 : A wonderful professor to learn from. He has an amazing ability to make difficult mathematical problems easy to understand by an average student like me.
5.0 : Even if what he's teaching doesn't make a shred of sense, Bryan somehow has a way of making things interesting and engaging.
5.0 : The smartest professor I have ever had. An absolute genius. His teaching is intellectually stimulating
5.0 : Great and helpful!
4.0 : Professor Armitage wants the students to succeed.  The material is hard though.  He has extensive office hours which are helpful.
5.0 : Professor Armitage is great.   Nice guy and very clear.   His lectures are engaging and I really liked going to class.
5.0 : Although Professor Armitage tends to be a bit scattered on occasion, if I judge this class by what I actually learned this was one of the very best at JHU.   I never really "got" physics before, but in this class I think I finally understood what it was all about.  He has a unique way of explaining and getting inside physics that clicked with me.
4.0 : The lectures are good, very straight forward and interesting. The tests are not very difficult and the curve is friendly. One of my favorite economics classes at Hopkins.
4.5 : Hedy is my favorite professor here at Hopkins. He's extremely caring, and on top of that, an amazing professor. EnvE is a lot of tough work, and he always makes sure that his students understand the material.
5.0 : Dr. Alavi is very knowledgeable and helpful. Though, to have a good grade, you need to do your part.
3.5 : Although EnvE is a lot of work, Hedy is a great professor for the course. He's so funny, easygoing, and really cares about his students. He always greets his students when they come in ("Hello,  I missed you!" or "How are you doing?"). He makes sure his students are paying attention and truly cares that they are getting a good education.
4.0 : Hedy is knowledgeable, attentive professor toward his students, and a good and caring mentor.  You definitely have to put you effort in class to succeed.  He us a fair grader, yet, expect earnest effort.  He will let you know if your performance is subpar.  Good professor!
5.0 : Most important class I took as this class built a foundation for the other engineering classes I took. Hedy is a great professor and really cares that you learn. He's easy to approach and gives really great lectures--but you must do your part.
2.5 : Dr. Cunningham's lectures are engaging and understandable. However, the homework is ridiculously hard and ambiguous. His tests are in a similar fashion, unfortunately. The questions are ambiguous, but the expected answers are so specific it's difficult to fathom how we are expected to reach the exact same conclusion. His office hours are unhelpful.
4.0 : Made class interesting and exciting although made many small mistakes that had to be corrected when writing on the board that was occasionally confusing.  We had a class fish Sfin though!
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Hopkins so far. Very engaging and funny when talking, and he is the most passionate person I've ever met, even if his passion is geared towards Ancient Assyria. Very very highly recommend taking any of his classes!
5.0 : Interesting class
5.0 : What a great course. Probably the best biology course I've taken in my life. Dr. Lochamy teaches you HOW to think, not just WHAT to think. Any professor can point to a text and repeat the quotes, but it's rare to find someone who teaches you how to think as a biologist. He will make you work for it, but it's worth it for the learning experience.
5.0 : Joshua is by far the best instructor I have ever had. I am now working in the field and no other instructor came close to preparing me as well as Joshua did. Accurately rating the easiness of the course is impossible. The work was fun, it didn't seem like work. Joshua is incredibly available to his students, and I still pick his brain when stumped.
4.5 : Pretty helpful professor if u go to his office hour. Exams can be a bit hard because there are only 40 points and 88% or above for an A. But there will be final grade bonuses based on everyday's quiz.
5.0 : Great professor.
5.0 : His accelerated organic lab is the best thing that ever happened to me, and turned me into a chemistry major.  Plus he's a hottie.
5.0 : Dr. Hill is the reason I'm switching my major to chemistry. He has a great sense of humor and is very approachable, as are his TAs. I especially enjoyed the "Special Project" in which we presented our results at a poster session. This class is only available to freshmen and chem majors, so don't miss your chance!
5.0 : He's the best! So helpful and really tries to make sure you understand the concepts. Too bad he doesn't teach any upper level courses.
5.0 : Dr. Hill is probably the most engaging and genuinely helpful instructor I've ever had. He is very accommodating during special projects and will let you work in lab 7 days a week, until midnight or later if necessary. He truly wants his students to learn and enjoy chemistry.
5.0 : best chem professor ever!! so helpful, so passionate about chemistry, so down-to-earth, funny, and a great guy overall. would love to take any class of his if he taught upperclassmen!
5.0 : Dr. Hill is one of the best professors at Johns Hopkins. If he offers any upper level course, I will take it just because he is teaching it.
5.0 : Absolutely fantastic professor. Very clear in his intsruction, very willing to offer guidance, but not boring by any means. Labs are meant to be helpful but interesting, and Dr. Hill is a funny and interesting guy. Also generally gives out good grades. Well worth it.
5.0 : Great teacher that is passionate and wants you to succeed.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had here. He's won a ton of teaching awards and it's easy to see why. He's approachable, engaging, funny, and cares a lot about all of the students. He knows almost every name in my 67-person class.
5.0 : Professor Marra teaches all of the Mechanical engineering labs at Hopkins, as well as several other core courses that vary by semester.  All mechanical engineers will have him for multiple classes, and that isn't a bad thing at all.  Lectures are varied and engaging, and you can always stop by his office for help.
5.0 : Prof. Marra is awesome.
5.0 : Awesome professor!
5.0 : Politics of South Asia was literally the best class I have ever taken.  A lot of reading but so interesting.  Absolutely fantastic, amazing teacher.
5.0 : Professor Emil Wang's weekly lecture and discussion boards are very informative and engaging, and Professor is always available to answer questions. Professor Emil Wang's course requires dedication and work, and assignments are challenging in that they tested analytical capability and ability to apply course materials to real-life situations.
5.0 : Dr. Wang is one of the most captivating professors one can ever have. An expert in a difficult field, he knows exactly how to bring a wealth of knowledge and experience to bestow upon his students while not "overloading unnecessary burdens." No homework but somehow the material is stamped upon your being. His teaching method is one of a kind!
3.0 : Lectures are long and monotonous. He can sometimes forget to post materials online and it is definitely hard to contact him or get a hold of him via email. The students in my class didn't hear back on their emails for a week and thought that maybe he got into an accident or something. haha. turned out he was just busy with his other job at the FDA.
1.5 : Completely useless course. It was online and he very clearly had NO idea how to use a computer, and had conflicting info everywhere. "Lectures" were basically him reading his outline, and surfing the FDA website. He put absolutely NO effort into the class whatsoever. On the plus side, it also required very little effort from me.
5.0 : Dr. Wang  was well prepared for class, and taught the course in an organized manner. Overall ,the  course met my expectations, in terms of workload,l of a graduate level course. I would highly recommend this course to other students if you are looking to transition into  the regulatory field.
5.0 : Dr. Wang covered material extensively and in great detail. He did an excellent job of teaching us the regulatory requirements for IDEs, PMAs, and 510ks. He used case studies and experiential learning methods in order for us to use our analytical and critical thinking skills to understand the regulatory process. I highly recommend the class.
5.0 : This is a great class if learning about International Regulatory Affairs will boost your career. Dr, Wang was excellent in covering the various regulatory requirements for international authorities including WHO, EU and the FDA. Dr. Wang was very thorough in presenting the material and readily available for questions. I highly recommend the class.
5.0 : Dr. Emil has extensive experience in medical device regulatory. Thus, his instruction is based on his experience and with current regulations. Class lecture materials are highly useful to use real practical regulatory work.
5.0 : Professor Wang was my teacher last spring of 2014 in Intern. RegAffairs atJHU. I was so impressed with his general approach of instructing the course that I elected to take another course he thought during the winter semester. Professor Wang demonstrated an exceptional ability to simplify complicated information and galvanize the student's interest
5.0 : Dr. Wang is a professor par excellence. He is extraordinarily knowledgeable and articulate, and equally dedicated to his students. Dr. Wangs lectures are remarkably detailed and comprehensive, drawing from his wide ranging expertise. Students have a wonderful opportunity to gain a wide swath of useful and practical knowledge. A superb class.
4.0 : Professor Theunissen is really nice and her lectures are very clear. She's extremely smart and also unspeakably sexy.
5.0 : HIs classes are very involved. His teaching model of I do, you do, we do is great. The class is also good for networking because he gets everyone involved in class. The exams are great and if you study you'll do well. One of the greatest professors that I've ever had.
5.0 : great teacher quirky youn cool guy very interested in his field super helpful
5.0 : Really good addition to JHU. Keep him and have him be tenured before he leaves for another institution. Smart and funny - will teach students more than we could possibly think. Also, very great at explaining concepts and makes us do great analysis. Good job at also controlling echo-chambers. Great assignments that are fun and lots of read/writing.
5.0 : My new favorite professor at Hopkins. He is so smart and taught me so much! Not to mention he is HOT HOT HOT!
4.5 : Awesome guy in general. No midterms - only a weekly quiz and one final. Super-easy to do well in his class. No need for textbook reading, either - he has his own extensive notes available. Not to mention the awesome computer labs we do. No more is biochemistry the domain of PacMan eating a carrot.
5.0 : Alex Norris is an incredible professor and musician. If you play and instrument, take this class. You will become a better musician from speaking with him.
4.0 : She is a great teacher, her material is clear cut. The homework took a long time but its because it was a design course. She was very helpful when I went to office hours.
5.0 : An amazing professor. Teaches practically and clearly. If you're in the program, take stats from him! He's great.
4.0 : Straightforward, explains the material without being too technical and in-depth about theorem and proofs. Need textbook for homework problemsets.
4.5 : Zhan Li was actually my favorite professor so far!
4.5 : John is a great professor. You can tell he really, really loves math, and he wants you to, too. He's extremely helpful and will work with you on homework, journals, whatever to make sure you understand the material. Patient and encouraging.  The class is almost purely group-work with proofs. Fairly easy grader. No tests.
5.0 : Autumn is a great professor. She's a fantastic French-speaker and very helpful with any questions you have. She's a pretty easy grader and is very encouraging and friendly. Very willing to help you do well. Sweet and funny person. Great style, too!
4.5 : Very easy exam, and accomodating professor, would love to take this Spring..
5.0 : Derek is only a postdoc, but he was my favorite professor of my first semester at Hopkins. Unbelievably nice and understanding professor that I've met here. His class, problem sets, and labs all are really instructional, and my knowledge about genetics and lab techniques skyrocketed as a result. Plus, he's amazing guy to be around and talk to daily
4.5 : Amazing guy. Super nice and more scared of you than you are of him.
5.0 : Dr. Colonna is a superb professor. His class is a tremendous opportunity for students to learn from an expert in the field, who is extremely talented in teaching the material in a clear and engaging way. In addition, he clearly cares about his class and students, and wants them to succeed. Dr. Colonna is excellent!
4.0 : No lectures, instead he will do a few chats a semester (optional). He definitely has a sense of humor and he will demonstrate it in his case studies. Case studies do take time as you have to evaluate &amp; assess something ridiculous.  Case studies are way futuristicsci-fi inspired, so even the FDA Center Directors can't help you (yes, I called them)
4.0 : KK is very fair and a great lecturer. Attending lectures is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, even though he will post his notes online which are very helpful. He is very understanding and you should frequent his office hours. The final was near impossible but he curves well. The exams are also tricky but try to find back tests and you'll be fine.
4.0 : Took 440.602 - Macroeconomic Theory online. Homework seemed confusing and I didn't do very well. Tests appeared hard but I did fine on the midterm and the final.
5.0 : Professor Chugh gives you lot of material to help you understand. He posts recorded lectures. The lectures are thorough and easy to follow. He also uses his own book, which is also easy to follow and unambiguous. His HW follows a clear pattern, and it is very easy compared to the problem sets and exams. He posts lots of sample tests with answers.
4.0 : Professor Sanjay was easy to follow and provided a really clear material for this class. HMWs are not so difficult but problems set are tough, exams are just like problem sets.
5.0 : He's the best professor ever, he was very good about feedback and our entire group loved and respected him by the end of the semester
5.0 : Great in every way
5.0 : Professor Bachner hands down is the best professor that I have ever taken in both my graduate and undergraduate studies.  Her class ("Quantitative Analysis") breaks down fairly complex concepts and presents them in clear, easy to understand teachings.  I have not taken math literally in nearly 20 years and I took to the concepts quickly.  Great!!!
4.5 : Great teacher, great researcher.
5.0 : Professor DiCaro is awesome! He provides really fun lectures, lots of TEDTalks and you can never go bored. He is really funny and provides great feedback on assignments. No tests, pop quizzes and the material and books are a fun read. You will most definitely love this class! I highly recommend! :D
4.0 : Jesse teaching Calc 2 was amazing, especially in the beginning with establishing fundamentals. He's got a great sense of humor and is pretty easy on the eyes, so not hard to like the lectures. Make sure to keep up with the textbook and homework, and reworking and understanding the homework is perfect for doing well in this class. Such a cutie
4.5 : Amazing professor. The class wasn't easy by any means, but he really was a wonderful professor. I'd love to have him again.   He's a great lecturer and if he makes any mistakes he'll email them out. He's always there if we have questions and he really respects everyone's input. You do need to read the book, but he's there if you need help.
5.0 : He is an awesome TA! He reviews everything and explains everything very clearly!
5.0 : Garvin was SO helpful. He really went out of his way to make sure we understood the material and spent time going over every exam question with us. The exams were tough, but fair.
5.0 : I really enjoyed his TA sections. I would come in not knowing the mechanisms or reactions, and would leave with a better sense of what I should be studying and focus on for tests. He was also funny -- idk how he made organic chemistry enjoyable, but he did. Definitely take organic chemistry with Garvin as your TA. :)
1.0 : Really bad TA but easy on the eyes
5.0 : Excellent Professor. The disease presentation assignment links theoretical biochemical knowledge to a practical application. I love it.
1.0 : Dr. Schwartz is literally the worst professor I've ever had. I have a very strong background in biochem and I feel as though I've lost it because of her. Her lectures are not representative of what she is expecting on the exams and she allows the class to get derailed for 40 minutes or more at a time. She should not be teaching.
1.0 : Dr. Schwartz is difficult to comprehend during class. She states random facts about biochemistry that are blatantly wrong. She doesn't post the lectures, tests, etc on time. However, she does have a lot of information on the biotech industry, but I feel like she does not have time to teach this class and should focus on her other careers.
5.0 : Dr. Schwartz was the Best professor I ever had. The instructor is very knowledgeable about the course material. She is in fact an expert in the field and one can tell by how invested she is about providing up to date information for the class. Dr. Schwartz helped us understand the applications of what we were learning and even gave us the confidenc
5.0 : Dr. Schwartz has excellent online course. The weekly workload was well set up, with a reading, lecture, wiki, and discussion. Enough to really learn the material without being overwhelming. The content and design of the course had an excellent blend of textbook, research, writing, and student engagement that resulted in anyone who tried learning th
5.0 : Dr. Schwartz was very knowledgeable and fun to have a course with her. Experimental kit's club and research project provided opportunity to learn and adapt molecular biology techniques. The lecture sessions were articulate, detailed enough with clarity. I felt that for certain topics beyond the mid-term, I needed more time to assimilate.
5.0 : Dr. Schwartz taught me not only the knowledge in cell biology, but also the way of thinking. I think this is the most important thing. Knowledge changes all the time, it is significant to know how to learn.
5.0 : I really enjoy it!  Able to learn and grasp the molecular biology techniques and their practical application. Based on the experience with research project, I can leverage it for similar research study in the future courses.
4.5 : She will be there to assist you.
4.5 : Gives great lectures. If anything he could be faulted for going too in-depth on certain topics, but it prepares you for later classes. Very good at explaining memory usage which is an important topic to know from this class. Also has clearest grading criteria I've ever seen. Every assignment comes with a point-by-point rubric.
4.0 : Im a terrible writer, but Robert is awesome at seeing what you do well and helping you fix what you need to work on. I recommend this class to everyone!
5.0 : inspirational, very good lectures about Chinese grammars and reading techniques;  no textbooks for advanced level students, she select news and articles about current events; students-centered language class.
5.0 : she is very kind and patient.
4.5 : very good classroom dynamics!
5.0 : She is an innovate teacher! We did learn how to apply our language knowledge to our work. First, We did a needs analysis pre-semester, then we had a course evaluation  at the end. She is going to adjust the curriculum according to our feedback.  It's the best Chinese language class! I had a lot of fun too!
5.0 : Ma Xue is fantastic and greatly supportive, she is very responsive to student interests and tailors her class to students'needs. She is a great Chinese teacher! I will take her class again!
4.0 : Adler expects a lot, but he makes it a priority to get to know all of his students so he is more understanding. Make sure to read his instructions. He grades fairly. I would take another class taught by him.
4.0 : It was a good experience overall. Lectures cover most of the important materials. He explains things clearly and very patient with questions. HWs are not hard and he goes through them in class. Exams are expected level of difficulty. He gives review lecture and practice problem set. I enjoyed the math class very much.
5.0 : Dr. Thai spells out everything clearly. She is extremely helpful and eager to help you.  Her feedback is insightful and constructive. Her guide to how to write research papers applies to everything you write later in the MA program.
4.0 : he is a wild guy but his class is entertaining and even though it is long it really helps you become a better cinematographer
5.0 : really cares, tests straightforward, concept based teaching  Biotechnology masters
4.5 : Real and engaging. Good prof all around. Clear and concise powerpoints. Focus on the main points, do a little preparation in advance for discussion purposes,  and you'll be fine -- you might even enjoy yourself. A very good course  and a very nice person too.
5.0 : Available most of the time for appointments, responds quickly to emails, easy to talk to. Would recommend taking him for any courses that cover medieval arts and history. Gives all the material necessary for reading. Textbooks are primarily for background information. Gives extra credit.
5.0 : This course was no joke to say the least. Math involved was sometimes very challenging. Prof. Briand was always there and readily available to help. She posted replies to discussion boards same day, and always responded to emails within hours! She was always ready to help, and always understanding. Really glad I took this class with her!
4.0 : Extremely knowledgable, loves discussing his field andn current topics. Assignments are great as he gives you a lot of flexibility to be creative, and readings are really nice and relevant.
5.0 : Excellent professor, extremely knowledgable. Learned very much in his class and assignments were great to apply what I had learned. Readings were also very relevant.
4.0 : Very helpful and tries to be as clear as possible, but class is very hard. Exams and homeworks are fair and very useful in understanding the material.
4.5 : Tim is very knowledgeable and flexible as far as meeting times go. This was especially important since most AAP students are located in different time zones.
4.0 : Great background in both academia and in government.  Head of program, sometimes hard to get but pretty reasonable.  Lectures are very interesting and entertaining.
5.0 : She is brilliant and hilarious--this Calc III opened my mind to think about math and how the world works in so many new ways without consuming my life.  Also, she's a really reassuring grader (on tests: "don't worry about showing all your work, just show what you know"), and she has great shoes. Challenges your brain, but makes it easy to get an A.
5.0 : Emily does a great job with Calc III. Normally a subject that has a horrible reputation, she has made it accessible for us to learn and, while the problem sets are challenging, the tests are fair and are exactly what you've learned and studied for.
5.0 : Incredibly accessible and warm. Her lectures are very conceptual - depending on what kind of thinker you are, this might affect your understanding of the class.
5.0 : Definitely a memorable class. She is awesome.
5.0 : Professor Khan is a gem. Grades your first paper very roughly, but if you follow her feedback from it then you will do better.
5.0 : Great class
5.0 : Good professor
5.0 : Nancy is a working professional, so pay attention. Tips for success: 1) answer the DQs on time, 2) find hints in her lectures, 3) learn AP style, 4) read the grading rubric before writing an essay, 5) use your critical thinking in your analyses, and 6) focus on your group work. Grammar is important, so don't be lazy. She is one of my favorites!
5.0 : Brian (we call him Brian) is AWESOME. He's sarcastic and encouraging and, best of all, actively disavows math that he doesn't think we need to know. In his words, "I hate partial fractions, so there's no way I'm going to make you do them." It's not an easy class, but it's one in which you want to go to each and every lecture just to hear Brian!
5.0 : Professor Roberson really cares about his students, and it really shows in his engaging lecture style. I didn't appreciate how good of a professor he was until I switched into the other section. Roberson even takes the time to compile the relevant backtest questions into one file! Overall a great guy.
5.0 : Very well structured course, you know what to expect on tests and how to study for them, enthusiastic lecturer.  If you email him, he will give you a quick an detailed response.  Great guy!
5.0 : Was skeptical when I had to take his section instead of the M/W/F section. However, I easily found him to be incredibly interesting and a great lecturer. He really cares about the success of the class and gives practice exams and extra questions. His lectures don't move too quickly and are easy to follow.
5.0 : Super engaging lecturer with a good sense of humor. Class was pretty straightforward with no tricks at all. Worked my schedule around taking him next semester.
5.0 : great professor, good sense of humor, makes lectures interesting. tests are very manageable if you study since so much practice material is given. would definitely take again!
5.0 : Roberson is the best lecturer! He is hilarious and relatable. If you put in work and pay attention, this class is very straighforward. I loved talking to him during office hours and if you really need help, he WILL help you.
5.0 : Taking 3rd level Korean P/F with her (grad student). This class should be the GOLD standard for ALL language classes. She is kind, fun, an effective instructor, and creates a safe and positive learning environment. JHU is lucky to have her and I'm lucky to have her as my instructor. Your hard work and dedication do not go unnoticed, Prof Lee! :)
5.0 : I took Honors Single Variable Calculus with him.  He is one of the most caring professors I have and never judges you for having trouble with the material. He made extra office hours and class hours when students requested it and was always available to anyone who needed extra help.  The material was extremely difficult but he graded very fairly.
5.0 : I had Lorman for Calc II for bio which is known for being the harder Calc II class at Hopkins. Lorman did a really great job of teaching complex topics in a way that is pretty easy to understand, even if you don't love math. He's a super nice guy and definitely wants to see his students succeed. Tests are manageable if you study.
5.0 : Lorman is one of the best calculus teachers here at Rochester and definitely the best MTH 161 teacher. He always asks if anyone needs clarification and explains concepts well. Very accessible outside and in classroom. Kinda funny too. Definitely take his class. He is a fair grader to say the least.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Clearly cares a lot about his students' well beings, and is always available to make sure everyone understands the material through and through. Also treats math like its an art form, which makes the class much more enjoyable.
5.0 : Took her for linear algebra, She is by far the nicest professor in the math department, she told us she would give out as many A's as possible - and she lived up to that promise!
5.0 : Awesome professor.
5.0 : She is incredibly caring, and her teaching made me intensely interested in literary studies. She truly tries to involve all the students in the discussions and makes class engaging. I would highly recommend her introductory literature class. Her office hours are also very helpful.
5.0 : This was an incredible course with mind-boggling material and amazing lectures that allowed us to think more critically and penetrate the deeper meanings of the text, art, and music we encountered. This was definitely one of the best classes in all my time at Hopkins!
5.0 : Professor Zebian was really amazing, he was very knowledgeable and very helpful through out my early college years. He was still working on his Doctorate at the time he was an Adjunct at JHU but he is awesome.
5.0 : I would take this professor again not only because he is very caring and passionate about economics but because I really I understood everything he explained. He has an amazing wY of explaining econ
5.0 : I loved this course.  I would take all my courses with him if I was able to. Very wise and has an interesting way of linking ideas and topics together. He can be a great help as an advisor and helped me with my resume me a lot. He also helped with insights on other courses
5.0 : Amazing lectures, I wish I could switch to Econ because of this guy                                                                                                                                              Jake
5.0 : Good online class, was not very easy. But it was interesting and lovely
5.0 : William was one of the best Instructors who has a flexible way at delivering the ideas. He makes the hour pass without feeling and we enjoy his classes. Every-time he has something special to tell us.
5.0 : Easy A and great professor.  He is easy to approach and gives a lot of extra credit opportunities of you need it. His classes fill up quickly though.
5.0 : Great great professor.  He might do you a lot of work but he knows how to make a class interesting
3.0 : I didn't really like his style of teaching, I guess because it was a collaborative class and was part online. He def tried to help me with extra credit to bring my grade up. He likes when students participates. Attendance is very important don't miss classes or else he does being your grade down, he keeps a weird mustache but is cool though
5.0 : Great class, And great professor I would take more classes with him if I could he is very young and helps out a lot with extra credit and he loves freakonomics
5.0 : Lot's of writing but paced well.
5.0 : Amazing person, wish she taught more classes at JHU. Definitely a class worth taking.
5.0 : Best instructor I've had in this program. Really responsive, even late at night and weekends. Answers questions clearly.
5.0 : She's a very sweet person and she's very skilled at teaching. Her grading is extremely easy but I didn't find that this detracted from the teaching. She was very creative in how she presented information. There were lots of games and activities and you could tell she had a passion for teaching Arabic. She has even studied linguistics.
5.0 : Great guy, really wacky assignments. You will LOVE IT!!!!
4.0 : Liming is a solid professor, he is kinda silly and adorable in lecture which makes you really appreciate him. He gives great study material for his exams. slightly tough grader but you can definitely pass his classes if you do the work he assigns and listen to the tips he gives for exams.
5.0 : Liming is a great professor. He class can be a little fast paced at times, but if you approach him with questions after class, he is always glad to help. He seems to be always in a good quirky mood and is a great math teacher especially for freshman who benefit fro a down to earth type of guy.
4.0 : Lightner teaches Radioactive Waste Management at Hopkins EP program. He's very knowledgeable about the everything radiation and his lectures are so interesting, as are the readings he assigns! There are both individual &amp; group HW assignments each week, and an individual as well as a group project - it's time consuming. Definitely cite EVERYTHING.
5.0 : The most inspiring, yet humble &amp; caring prof I have ever seen. He brings an unparalleled background to our course (e.g. his own start up, Canada's Inventor of the year, industrial experience in Germany, Harvard post-doc) yet he is so caring, and goes above &amp; beyond to help us. Spends time outside the class &amp; we feel most comfortable around him.
5.0 : Dr. Manbachi is an inspirational, young, hot prof who is well-connected and respected in the surgical community. Every time the need came up, he put us in touch with clinicians easily, and the surgeons were excited to work with us. He gives great technical advice when it comes to prototyping, usability studies, patentability and entrepreneurship.
5.0 : Awesome prof! perhaps one of the best I have ever had. He is inspirational, sees the big picture well and always connects us to his close clinical collaborators and industry partners. Without him it was really hard to get answers from clinicians for our capstone design projects. I look up to him as an energetic role model and wanna become like him.
5.0 : Dr. Manbachi has a way of making his lectures super fun. His kick-off lecture was a hackathon and his course wrap-up was a jeopardy competition that engaged us in an exciting fashion. For his class on ideation, he had TAs role-play on a number of scenarios about how NOT to brainstorm! Overall, the most memorable lectures of my undergrad experience
5.0 : He makes me feel like I matter, and that our projects are valuable. He champions his students and sees them as people. His enthusiasm is contagious. He goes out of his way to help his students. His criticism is extremely helpful, he gets us to see all parts of our project that we'd rather ignore. The best professor I've had the honor to work with.
5.0 : Great lecturer who engages the students, even though it's a class of 400 people.
5.0 : He's a beast.
5.0 : Best professor at Hopkins. Exams are reasonable with no tricks; if you know the content youll do well. The lectures are amazing - Chaz puts in a ridiculous amount of effort and it shows. Also always approachable outside of class and takes a genuine interest in his students success, and an entertaining and quirky guy overall.
5.0 : Hilarious very extra (awesome) man. Plays music during class and has a great sense of humor. Super engaging. Id take this class a thousand times.
5.0 : Best professor ever. Engaging and funny lectures that are relevant. Also he's super cute. You deserve the chili Chaz
5.0 : Professor Firestone has made a seemingly dull intro-level class with nearly 400 students very fun and exciting with each lecture. He. and all the TA's put in so much effort. The tests are reasonable and test what you learn. I wish I could take another class taught by Chaz.
5.0 : Cannot say enough good things about this man. Ask him to show you grappling.
5.0 : Amazing class that always has engaging lectures taught by a phenomenal guy.
5.0 : Incredible teacher.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Easily the best professor I've had at Hopkins. He puts in so much effort and is extremely passionate. Highly suggest taking his class.
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Chaz was easily the best lecturer/teacher I've ever had and probably will have. It didn't feel like I was sitting in a 450 person class. He puts so much work into the material and cares that his students learn and appreciate it. He even takes the time to answer questions! I looked forward to going to class every day, ily Chaz.
5.0 : The only professor who made me feel legitimately sad when a class ended. Suffice to say the second another class shows up being taught by Chaz, I will be the first to register (or first on the waitlist when SIS crashes again).
5.0 : She's an amazing instructor. I think she's still a graduate student but she does teach other courses specific to her dissertation as well. She is an inspirational and caring instructor, and is an amazing person. I would give anything to be in her class again. Take her section if you can. She's awesome.
5.0 : Mark Thompson's class on literary theory was phenomenal. The reading syllabus has something for everyone. Thompson's dissections of the assigned texts will absolutely blow your mind and your small class bonds over intellectual discussions. The workload is very light(most of the time skimming a reading is fine)and the class is extremely engaging.
