1.0 : He has good intentions, but lacks the follow through to create an enjoyable atmosphere. Came across as a little rude from time to time, he talks about his wife all the time and it got frustrating.
1.5 : Would not recommend. Had him for an online course and except way too much.
4.5 : Dr Reiter is the real thing.  While in his class I suffered because you must work for your grade BUT I was well prepared for pycl 511 after taking his course, much more so than my classmates who did not take Dr. Reiter for pycl 502.  You're in a Master's Program at Nova so be prepared to work for your grades people!!
2.0 : My first rate my professor after four years. He is the worst professor ive had. Course load is unreasonable for undergrad. I post on time and numerously but never receive full points. He expects you to respond to his post but makes close statements that do not create a conversation. Online test are closed book and you will receive an F if you cheat
5.0 : After reading all the comments on here, I was very nervous to take his class. Dr. Reiter is an incredible professor. He is challenging, but that is why you're there. You learn A LOT and will do great if you read and pay attention. He is very knowledgable about the profession and I suggest you take him if you want to learn!
1.0 : Simply the worst. He get's kicks from making students look like idiots. He tries so hard to be funny that it comes out awkward; doesn't explain how to complete the assignments well, and he "tries" to flirt with all the hot girls in the class. Just plain nasty, oh-and his assignments and tests were ridiculously tough.
2.0 : Dr Reiter is a very tough grader ; He is very unreasonable with papers and his tests are extremely difficult. no matter how hard you work is never enough. Stay away if you care about your grades.
4.0 : Reiter is a great professor. He's knowledgeable, classes are interactive, &amp; fun. However, he's very challenging. You will have to work for your grade, which is not necessarily a bad thing. YOU WILL LEARN in this class. Be prepared to read prior to classes &amp; study... a lot. Its not a class to slack off. But, I really enjoyed/learned in his class :)
1.0 : Took this course online and had to W from it due to how awful I was doing. He's the only one who teaches it and makes it SO difficult for non-major students. Does not put in grades and his discussion questions make zero sense. Asked him for advice on how to do better on quizzes he told me he couldn't help bc he didn't know my study habits.. AWFUL
1.0 : At least my experienced so far has been very bad. He overcomplicates things, there are a million tabs and links for the class, and he doesn't allow you to see the grades you have gotten so far. Also very inflexible and not very willing to help at all
4.5 : Term paper a Doctoral Thesis?  It was only 6 pages and required by the college for every course.  This student, submitted only 3 pages, and late to boot!  The assignment on energy was related to the course.   Tough grader?  Everyone got a B or higher, except him.  He was absent often, and complained about having to read one short chapter in 2 weeks
1.0 : The only reason why I picked him was because the other Trig teachers were horrible just like him. It's only the first day of class and everyone was lost. If you're not good in math, study the material the day before class and GO TO TUTORING. And make a notebook for extra credit. He also stutters and gets off subject a lot. Messy handwriting.
1.5 : He is very old. So he gets lost and confused and very unorganized. Jumps from one thing to another without even finishing the first thing. He is never in his office hours.  Only received the grade I did because I took Trig in highschool. He does give a review before the test but you actually need to know how to do the review. The final was hard.
1.0 : Unclear grading criteria, confuses both himself and the students during lectures, gets off topic easily, explains concepts in a much more complicated manner than necessary, and is overall unorganized and confusing. I highly recommend taking any other professor for this course if at all possible.
1.0 : I attended every single class and I have no idea what I learned. He made it extremely difficult to follow along with the topic, and when he wrote on the board, it was extremely difficult to understand. I was unable to figure out which chapter we were in or even what he was teaching us. I am not confident with my trig skills after this class at all.
3.0 : Professor Hawkins is not that good at explaining things, he will go off on tangents. However, there is a lot of extra credit available per test. Tests are kinda hard, but they are multiple choice, plus a bunch of extra credit if you do the homework. I would take him if you had Trig or Precalc in high school.
1.0 : The worst professor i have ever had. He tells you one thing in class and then it turns out to be something else on the test. Avoid him like the plague.
1.0 : Worst professor ever. Does not explain ANYTHING!! He will just write 5 or 6 problems on the board and walk around saying Geek if the student gets it right or Goose if they get it wrong. Also has a bad stutter so in the rare chance he tries to explain something, it is incomprehensible. Even if you ask for help or an explanation, none will be given.
1.0 : He doesn't make much sense. Rely on Khan Academy and the textbook for help. Do go to class.
2.0 : She's very responsive to emails and her discussion-based class is easy going. However, she is a tough grader on essays and is very meticulous about MLA formatting. She also takes a long time to grade work. Whatever grade you get on your first essay is likely what you'll get in the class.
1.0 : This has got to be the worst professor Nova has to offer! During his lectures he barely stays on topic, instead he loves to talk about where he has been and where he has lived. His tests has nothing to due with class or video's you've watched. Just horrible so try to avoid from taking him.
1.0 : This is the worst professor I have ever had at Nova Southeastern University.  Avoid him at all costs.
1.0 : Horrible
5.0 : Professor really knows his psychological testing! He was very thorough, but explained everything in an easy-to-understand manner. He would also go over anything the class did not understand. Added in anecdotes and stories about the development of various tests. Made a potentially boring topic interesting. Tests were reflective of text book reading.
5.0 : Knowledgeable professor who knows his psychological testing inside and out. Explained everything in a thorough, yet easy to understand manner. Also went over any topics the students had trouble with. Tests were based on class lectures and textbook reading. He even brought many of the psychological tests to class so we could see them.
1.0 : This instructor shouldn't be teaching at all. I have never rated an instructor so poorly. I know this is an online class but that does not mean that this instructor couldn't have even tried. He had absolutely no presence in the class, didn't bother to have enough respect to even respond to emails at ALL, and had a ridiculous amount of work!!!
1.0 : Took him after reading comments what a mistake! I'm in a Nova M.S.program &amp; have a ba from Nova &amp; never saw an instructor make up so much addt'l criteria i.e. dq's must be on 3 diff days of the week &amp; in by fri &amp; must read every classmates posts. Has a grading scale for each of your posts so you may or may not meet his expectations, very critical.
2.0 : HORRIBLE!!! STAY AWAY!!! I'm a semester away from graduating &amp; I have never had to go through so many hoops for a class!! You have to read 4 ch/wk, post 2 par-disc by the following day from when it was posted, reply to 2 classmates on 2 separate days, theres 3 writing asgmts, mid-term, &amp; a final. Impossible class w/ 2 other classes &amp; FT job.
1.0 : Avoid this professor unless you are pretty.
1.0 : Terrible. Just terrible. The guy is only interested in himself. He is lazy, does not return emails or phone calls and seems to be just waiting to retire which he should do today.  He too seems to focus on the women which there are many. Yet, his focus is not academic.
1.0 : Stay clear of this guy! Unbelievable arrogance (when he does choose to respond, which is rare). He thinks that he is God's gift to the world. Many of the tests questions were never coverd, or, the answer choices were WRONG, even according to our reading material.  Ask for clarification, he whines on how graet he is, and you are the problem, not him
2.0 : Hands down the worst professor ever. Extremely disorganized, treated the whole class as an afterthought. No book, horrific communication, you end up googling everything! Outdated slides full of mistakes. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : This is probably the worst professor I have ever had in my life. How someone so disorganized and no communication skills is a teacher is beyond me. I learned nothing from his teaching, instead I had to google everything. He doesn't give feedback on assignments and has graded 1 assign in 6 weeks. Absolutely avoid this teacher at any possible cost.
2.5 : Dr. Salazar is all over the place and pretty disorganized. However, he cares alot about his students and wants everyone to succeed. Not a very good professor, doesn't teach or explain assignments very well. Gives alot of extra credit, very few quizzes, and no tests. He gives extensions on the assignments, so just make sure you complete them.
1.0 : The absolute worst professor at NSU. Not only is he so mean and takes advantage of being  a professor but is not helpful in any way. Going to his office hours is absolutely useless because you cannot write anything wrong you got on the test. His notes, HAHA, they're basically an outline. So your SOL, better get the book or find test questions.
1.0 : DO NOT, I MEAN DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR.  HE IS TRULY A MEAN PERSON, HE DOES NOT PUSH YOU TO DO BETTER INSTEAD BRINGS THE STUDENTS DOWN AND MAKES THEM WANT TO DROP THE COURSE OR CHANGE THEIR MAJOR. WHAT KIND OF PROFESSOR IS THAT? HE IS USELESS, READS OFF HIS "SLIDES" WHICH ARE LIKE BASIC OUTLINES. YOU HAVE NO CLUE WHAT TO STUDY, HE IS HORRIBLE.
1.0 : He behaves in a way that is disrespectful to the students and applies much more psychological pressure than is necessary. You should avoid him.
1.0 : Not a good teacher. I do not recommend taking her course. It is not the course itself it is the professor. Negative feedback and was not helpful.
1.0 : N/A
3.5 : Took Micro online and it was probably the best decision I have ever made. Discussion boards were the only writing we had to do for this course, and the rest was just textbook based. Really just a great online class.
3.5 : Not easy. You have to dedicate about 15-20 hours per week on this course. The quizzes cover the assigned chapters &amp; have unlimited attempts, if you get a 60% or better on them, he counts it as 100%. The paper is easy, early submission available for feedback, if you get an 85% or better, he adds 10 pts, but nitpicks! Exams are 3 hrs, very difficult.
1.0 : Do not take this class! I never imagined I would work so hard for a bad grade. In the 10-week format, it's overwhelming to know all of the chapters covered. He won't test us on everything but doesn't guide us on what to topics drop or what to focus on. He treats all the material as the same but on the exam you find out what topics were worth(less)
1.5 : I have had tough instructors but this guy is not only tough, he is also arrogant.  He does not hold the schedule chats.  His lectures online are just a summary of homework problems.  His class average on an exam is 65% and he thinks that is good because he has seen worse.  Do not take him!
3.0 : I had to do a lot of self-studying for this class. His powerpoint examples are a better exam prep tool as oppose to the quizzes. He is a considerate teacher, my class asked him on several different occasions to extend the deadlines for projects/quizzes and he agreed to do so all times. 1st and 3rd exam are the toughest.
1.0 : Beware of this Professor!!! HE has no mercy when grading. The homework and textbook was no help because the exam materials will be something completely different. The professor avoids the online chat sessions like the plague so you wouldn't be able to ask him questions. No curves even if the entire class fails. And his attitude isn't great.
1.0 : Worst  professor ever grading Tegrity classes not that good for putting students the kind of exams he puts STAY AWAY!!!
1.0 : Terrible Professor. I studied very hard, and it was not enough! He tell you to study for his power points, and quizzes, but when you take the exam, questions are super long and so hard, most of the time do not have anything similar to the material studied. Avoid this professor!!!!!
1.0 : Syllabus is riddled with errors.  Very vague with his responses when his syllabus is unclear, and his grading does not match his rubric.  Would never recommend and will never take another class from him.  I felt like I learned nothing from this course at all.
1.5 : Red pepper
1.0 : Her syllabus is designed as if the class is either middle school or high school level.  For example, you can't leave the class once you finish a test and others are still testing.  If you leave while others are testing points will be deducted.  Really? This is college, does this professor not know that?  Smh...
1.0 : Dr. Ruppel barely participated in this online class and did not elaborate on what the requirements were.  While the subject matter was interesting the assignments were not.  Exam questions had nothing to do with what we covered nor what was in the ancillary material.  This class gave me a huge headache and I left not learning much.
1.0 : I don't usually write reviews but I have lost all my respect for this professor. She is very rude, assigns projects without a clear grading criteria or expectation. I am a student with an almost 4.0 GPA. I don't know my grade for this class yet, but she is one of the worst professors here at NSU. Would not recommend.
1.0 : The epitome of disorganization. Multiple quizzes, midterm, and final. Two easy group assignments. If you think about it, the quizzes are fairly easy as he just uses the same MC from book and makes them trickier. Final and midterm is the same concept, but more complicated. Be aware though,  makes you take harder make-up exam.
1.0 : Wants to be so organized that the class ends up being a complete chaos. PPT slides are hard to interpret on your own. Has issues finding reports because uses the e-mail search engine. So do not be surprised if after a week of waiting for grades he tells you he does not have a material you previously sent and he confirmed receiving.
1.0 : Worst class taken, extremely disorganized, not very helpful, rude when someone makes a mistake in class, exams are over-complicated, typos all over the place, grading not in line with what was outlined at the beginning.  Avoid if possible specially if you work and take other classes, too much effort and stress for what the class really is. Overkill
2.5 : He is very rude and condescending when he talks to you and you do not understand what he is saying. Do not recommend taking him. The subject matter of the course was interesting exams hard but quizzes are easy. Study slides and make sure you understand clearly what he is saying before completing an assignment.
1.0 : STAY AS FAR AWAY AS POSSIBLE! He makes the class harder than it has to be. His exams are the extremely confusing and he only allows you a short time to make the decision. You are more worried about the clock running out than answering the questions correctly. The majority of the class is failing. He is the WORST professor. RUDE and ARROGANT!
1.0 : Her ISM online class is kind of ridiculous. The instructions in the syllabus for projects are BEYOND confusing! It's very difficult to keep track of her assignments and there are a lot of general inconsistencies. Not happy at all, don't take her.
1.0 : This online course was by far the most difficult I have taken and for a MIS course, it shouldn't be that hard! You have discussion posts (she is very picky about), 2 group papers based on case analysis that are confusing, 2 individual reflection papers, 3 exams, and 10 quizzes! She is a tough grader on the papers! Avoid this professor at all costs!
1.0 : I am not sure if she is qualified to teach the ISM class.
1.0 : This professor give all his peers a bad name at NSU. Horrible to respond to any emails or  calls. He is not helpful in any way, if you're lucky he might return a call.  Great school, horrible professor. Very disappointed.
1.5 : Very unorganized, no clear instructions for any assignments. Would never give the same instructions to each student that emailed him asking for clarity. No one and I mean no one was able to do the very first discussion post bc we were lost with his vague instructions. I fear the man is no good for online classes. He never penalized us 4 his vaguess
1.0 : Takes  weeks to give grades back. Very little communication with the students, only once a week and never follows up. Post one announcement stating he will follow up but he never does. I fee l hes lazy and doesn't care. Students have to chase him down to understand anything he says.
1.0 : first day of class. i already hate him. I cannot stand his accent. he's super weird, he makes no sense at all. he calls on random people and if you can't answer his question, you get a 0.  I got stuck with him bc I couldn't find any other prof teaching this class &amp; It's a requirement. but don't take him. HORRIBLE. he can't teach.
3.0 : This class was online so weekly assignments were due. Plus the usual midterm and final. Everything was pretty easy so easy A. Except when I needed to resubmit an assignment to BB cause it didn't attach properly, he was completely unhelpful when all he needed to do was have it accept multiple submissions. Other than that not bad for an online class!
2.0 : I took him at Dade... Awful teacher but has a nice personality...
3.0 : He's an understanding teacher, but at the same time a very hard graders, his lectures were ok but would not cover everything , tests and homework are online thru connect . 80% of each test is not covered in lectures so you have to do a lot of reading and studying on your own. However he always offers to help and to see him in office hours 4 help.
1.0 : This professor is awful, do not take him. He is very disorganized and has a very strange way of grading. The test usually has material not covered in class.
1.0 : The worst prof that I have had since attending NOVA. He is unclear, doesn't complete thoughts, doesn't want to answer questions, doesn't come prepared to class, won't spend time explaining homework, won't review for the midterm, won't provide what will be on the exam, 50 slide powerpoint he only uses 2, you won't get the slide till after class.
1.0 : Don't even consider it. I did my undergraduate in Business Economics and this guy is horrible. I honestly did not know what was going to be on the Midterm so studying 7 chapters without knowing whats going to be in the exam is pointless. Run away...
1.0 : Please save your sole and don't even think about taking this teacher. PICK SOMEONE ELSE. If you want a teacher who has a heavy accent and cant speak english properly then you've come to the right place. this guy is just horrible.
1.0 : His lectures are unclear and unorganized. He knows what he's talking about but when it comes to explaining to us, good luck trying to figure out what his scribbles and arrows mean on top of his lack of explanation. To save your time and brain from the frustration of his class, be sure to avoid taking his class.
1.0 : Terrible professor, he has a heavy accent but that's the least of it. Right from the first class, he'll give you tons of hw due the next day without teaching a single thing. The Pearson representative will teach you to use the website for your hw while Larios is on his phone just not doing anything. Mandatory tutoring as well because HE CAN'T TEACH
1.0 : If you want to be your own teacher and listen to the most confusing and un relatable lectures this is the perfect class for you, his accent is heavy, he gives tons of homework, so many quizzes, exams are terrifying and all I can say good about this class is the tutor shout out to Mrs. Ferraro for actually making the class worth coming to.
5.0 : Great Professor. Definitely not an easy course but you are given more than enough chances to get a good grade. Got a 47% on first exam, started doing all the work and ended with a 86%. Gives plenty of extra credit.
2.5 : This is a really easy class because there are only three tests and most of them and the  homeworks are online. Plus he gives extra credit. However, if you are looking forward to actually learning something don't take this class. He doesn't give good lectures at all.
1.0 : She makes the class harder than what it is. Gives way too much to read like it's the only class you have.
1.0 : She made the tests really hard, and postings are not very clear, and confusing as to when she will post her tests. She does not explain anything in class.  BAsiclly, get the book, and study by yourself.
2.0 : Self-taught
1.0 : 2900 is a HARD class to begin with but Mize makes you want to cry!. Very hard grader! Takes about three weeks to grade work or longer. No late work accepted. If you have a option take any other Professor!I can kick myself for not not doing my homework on her. HERE IS YOUR WARNING!
2.0 : For multicultural psych, she made it SO much more difficult than it should have been for an online course and you really had to work for your grade. Her quiz questions are all over the place and I had a hard time getting a good grade on them but reading the textbook and looking at her online resources really helps. Does not respond quickly though.
2.0 : Nice individual and however he is obsessed with APA and his "rubrics" to the point that he disregards all the content and analysis that you hardly work on. He's scoring method it seems more arbitrary and harsh, than constructive. Did not provide feedback on assignments.
1.5 : He is the worst!! He does not give feedback to students on assignments that have been graded and keeps referring to his rubrics, which are not straight forward. The group paper had 8 people in a group, which is way too many. In all of my other classes it has only been 4. He is tough with APA and does not care about the content written about. RUN!!
1.0 : Completely disorganized and unprepared. Syllabus out of date and posts assignments without due dates on whiteboard. Expects a total of 9 papers.  Can't  make up his mind if he's going to give a test, and can't answer If he's going to post test online or if it's going to be an in class written format exam. Makes everyone extremely uncomfortable.
1.0 : This professor makes simple concepts more difficult to understand. He continues his Powerpoints during the lab, jumping back and forth through the chapter. The online homework was more difficult than classwork and did not aid in preparing for the exam at all. This professor will keep you guessing.
1.0 : Physics is not an easy subject especially when the professor is SO DRY! lectures are boring, tests are hard, Mastering physics is even harder. He makes something so simple seem so difficult. Reads off power points. Your better off reading the book and doing practice problems. Class is mandatory he takes attendance.
1.0 : The professor is difficult and extremely dry as well. Takes simplest concepts and elongates them. Uses up lab time and lecture time to talk and lecture. Thats a total of 5 hours a day listening to him lecture in a dry manner. Tests are difficult..
1.0 : He's my bro. But he's kinda mean sometimes too. He's not very good about responding to people's questions.
1.0 : He's my bro. But he's kinda mean sometimes. He's not very good about answering questions.
1.0 : One of those professors that teaches nothing and reads directly from the text book, because she doesnt know what shes doing. Used another professors syllabus and didnt even change the name on it. Hasnt graded anything Ive submitted in a month. Only grace is that her tests are open book, and questions are taken directly from the book.
1.0 : Expectations are not clear. She does not provide explicit feedback, just general, so you do not know what you did wrong. When asking questions on chat, she does not answer them and goes around the bush. Do not waste your hard earned money on her. Not a good professor. Very disappointed in Nova for having professors like her.
1.0 : Teacher doesn't know what he's talking about. Offers no help or explanations during the labs. Gets annoyed if you ask him to clarify. Doesn't grade unbiased. Only has 30 minutes a week office hours. Repetitive during lectures that do not even make sense.
2.0 : Dr. Nethi seems like a great professor however her online sessions where everyone has to participate are annoying and unnecessary wastes of time depending on the week. She takes points off for missing the online class sessions. Her expectations for assignments are wishy washy and weird and to get an A you must be perfect for her. try to avoid
1.0 : This is the first time I've felt the need to rate a professor in my three years of college. Unfortunately, this is the worst professor I've taken. He never replies to course messages or emails, even when your grade is on the line. He gives three tests and takes the highest two grades, but gives a partial 0 for the grade he doesn't take. DO NOT TAKE
1.0 : Definitely on the bottom of my list, this professor makes you work 30 minutes on a problem to give you half a point and max is 2.5. You get essay questions on exams which is not an issue but its not clear what he's looking for, maybe just to fail you.  I learned on my own, so much discussion questions and respond to other's post.
1.0 : Terrible. Disorganized. Lack of Communication. Gives you problems that arent even in the text to explain. Syllabus is not current. A lot of discussion questions to answer for only 1 pt. Paper due every week. 3 exams. Skip him if you can. I took over 8 courses online at Nova and he is by far the worst I have ever had at this school.
3.0 : Professor Lapierre is a good teacher, the course is layed out nicely as long as you do the work. It involves some math, hence the pre-req of stats but its not too bad. Show up and try and you will pass!
4.0 : Stimulates you to think on your own, but very patient if you need more help.  Meetings very productive, it gave me the tools I needed to succeed .  Reading assignments heavy, but appropriate; occasionally slow to respond.  What this professor really needs is an assistant to help with routine instructional tasks.  Other online colleges have TAs .
3.5 : Graduate school IS about self-teaching.  There is lots of negativity here about Dr. Paul, but if you work hard for him, he will get you to the finish line.  He is a well-respected academic, who expects top-notch work from his students.  Expert researcher.  The only dissertation that matters is the one that is done.
1.5 : The professor was very general and busy.  He should not be teaching if he is very busy.  His responses to emails and overall queries are very slow and not warranted.  He makes assumptions about things just because HE has background in it.  I really don't get how he is still teaching at the University given all the poor feedback.
1.0 : Teacher took a few days to answer emails. Grades work a Month later at times. I'm not sure how this guy is still a professor and robs the University Salary. Its quite comical. Anyone reading this you can take his class just beware to teach everything yourself with grades coming in super late.
1.0 : Be prepared to self-teach yourself. This professor was slow in responding to email and in grading assignments. There were not lectures or discussions, he did not teach at all. All we had to do was to read the book, turn in the assignments and take the exams. Very disappointing!
2.0 : No lectures or discussions, he did not teach at all. All we had to do was read the book, submit assignments, and take quizzes. Announcements sometimes were different from syllabus and too close to the deadline. The most valuable quizzes (2, each 20% of grade) were only available for 2 days, covered a lot, and were due on the same day as other stuff
1.0 : Very poor communication. Very distracted. Little interaction with the class. I get the impression he is too busy teaching too many other classes to effectively participate in the class. Very little feedback on graded assignments too. Very disappointed. He's a nice guy. Just not organized enough.
1.0 : Only take this class if you can understand a thick accent, put up with rudeness, snide remarks, and hostility when asking questions, have no issue being lied to about communication (she told us at the start of the semester and throughout that she doesn't get email which was untrue), and are okay with teaching yourself everything.
1.0 : Worst encounter I've had with a professor. Extremely rude, didn't proofread anything she sent-so it didn't make sense(shows the effort put into our class), very nasty when asked for helpexplanations about grades. I even asked specific questions regarding my final &amp; was told to look in the textbook to find out why my answers are "unknowledgeable"
1.0 : Didn't put accurate grades online. All semester, it showed that I had an A in her class and she waited until the day grades were pulled to tell me that I had actually failed the course, without the slightest idea! To further worsen that situation, she did absolutely nothing to help me resolve the issue being that it was completely unfair to me.
1.0 : Worst professor I have ever encountered. She "taught" whatever she wanted and never followed her syllabus. She was rude when my class asked questions; her response was always "well you should have been paying attention." When you got something wrong she made it a point to embarrass you in the front of the class and say that's what not to do.
1.0 : This was a pass/fail class where she rejects anything that is less than perfect.  She only gives feedback piecemeal, a couple of paragraphs at a time. It is extremely time consuming to try to write papers that way, especially when you have a limited amount of time to do so. Extremely rigid and dogmatic. I had a 4.0 until this, last, class.  Avoid.
1.0 : Reading assignments way too long. Chat sessions are re-reading code regs and problems solutions. Asks for questions but when somebody has one tells them to listen to recordings instead. Although there is an outline for the assignments, between the chats and the supplemental lectures the materials more than doubles.
1.0 : I had this professor for online. I must say she gives Nova the worst possible name. Horrible at communication with her students, her lectures are pointless and monotone. I would NOT recommend anyone to take her course. She has two grades. The midterm is worth 40 and the final is worth 60. Thats it Spare yourself the agony and take someone else.
1.0 : She is very hard to understand. Chats are mandatory but consists of her reading powerpoints. I would never take another class with her. I will re taking the one i took with her.
4.0 : Very difficult to understand. All her chats consist on her reading the powerpoints word by word and saying to "make sure you have a good understanding of this topic" but does not explain much. You have to teach yourself in order to pass. Good luck !!!
1.0 : Professor does not teach at all. You must teach yourself.
1.0 : Professor Chan is a super nice person and easy to talk to, but very hard to understand and communicate with. Even though open to questions, I'm not sure if she ever understood that I wasn't understanding the material. Just couldn't get it under her teaching and dropped class. Looking for a different prof next go around!
3.0 : Make sure you're familiar with the homework problems and pay attention to the lecturesreading needed for the class and you should pass.  Professor Chan is really nice and willing to help-Even offered extra credit in our class
2.0 : Tests are straight forward, study the chapters you will do well on tests. The group project on the other hand was brutal! Worth 40% of total grade! Graded strictly according to guidelines. Not easy!  The lectures consisted of reading power points. Felt it was the same as the internal audit class. Would suggest different professor for this class.
1.0 : Choose a concentration other than Process Improvement and find an alternative to getting certified as a Project Manager or Six Sigma Black Belt.  The hassle, a drop in your overall GPA or an F grade on your transcript is not worth the risk.  Broward College offers a Black Belt course without the hassle.  ASQ doesn't have an education requirement.
2.5 : He does a mediocre job providing clear direction on how to approach cases. He gives you the 'tool' but fails to show you how to apply it. Follows rubric to a fault/tough grader.  When he provides feedback it is vague and doesn't help you to do the next case.  Alot of reading/collaboration and assignments turned in
1.0 : The material is not hard, however it does require a teacher to show you how to apply it. Steven Kramer is not that teacher. He is extremely picky and if you don't use the exacts words he is looking for then he deducts an unnecessary amount of points. I took it online and he used terrible quality videos to try and explain the material. STAY AWAY
1.0 : Horrible Teacher. He doesn't teach at all. He makes the students watch videos on different topics and then assigns you a homework to complete. He needs to go back to being an engineer and leave teaching. NSU made a wrong choice about hiring him as a teacher. He is the worst teach I have had at NSU. I don't recommend anyone to take him.
1.0 : He was the worse professor I had during my time at Nova
1.0 : This is the hardest prof. I've ever had in my entire undergraduate experience. this professor is extremely difficult!A lot of his work is essay form and he will deduct points even though you did exactly what was asked. he is extremely unfriendly and unapproachable. Eg. I answer the discussion ques. with 2 response to classmates, still get 0.65/1!
3.5 : The material is not easy, but this professor really wants you to understand. He is very helpful when it comes to editing a paper. I sent him at least 3 drafts of my paper before turning it in and he gave helpful edits every time. He's great, but you need to want to do well. My favorite professor at NSU.
1.0 : This teacher is horrible. He cannot teach a class. He could be good to work at different enterprises but unfortunately he cannot teach. He gave students a lot of materials to figure out the topic  finally the students are confused with that. Don't take him.
2.0 : The material for the course isn't hard, but Prof. Kramer makes it more difficult than necessary. You're expected to do all the reading before coming to class and he will quiz you to make sure you read it. It's hard work but it's possible to get an A if you put in a lottt of effort. Attendance is required- miss a class and get 1% off final grade.
1.0 : Worst professor every.  I blame Nova for hiring this monster.  They have allowed him to affect the lives for others far too long.  This bad behavior of teaching has been going on for years.  He is the reason no one is taking PIM as a concentration.  Go elsewhere, if you are considering.  You won't learn a thing.  Uses the solution manual himself.
4.5 : He doesn't tolerate whining, has a great sense of humor (for an engineer), and really believes in what he teaches.  He'll push you, but he'll reward a good effort.
3.0 : Smart and experienced in his field, Mr. Kramer is well respected by his students. His  background is very relevant to the subjects he instructs. However, he also demands ALOT from his students. If you are taking this man's class please be prepared to work harder than you ever had before.
2.0 : Dr. Kramer is a smart professor. He is very passionate about OPS. Unfortunately, he is also a very tough grader. He expects you to work hard for a good grade. If you don't like to study a lot and do a lot of homework DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. YOU WILL FAIL. He quizzes every class. Attendance is mandatory and do not be late!
1.0 : Changes due dates for assignment often.  No feedback for assignment or grades.  I don't even think he reads students work. So if you are looking for a stress free course to take.  He your man.  As long as you turn you work in on TIME you will get a grade!
2.0 : Absentee instructor, which is fine. However, the professor's approach, in combination with no meaningful feedback, did little to advance knowledge. Creates either the impression of sloth or that NSU operates a diploma mill. Professor's field experience and post-graduate education are useless if they are not engaging students or imparting wisdom.
2.0 : Very difficult course, requires alot of time and committment.
1.0 : She makes up requirement for assignments as the assignment is due. She is very unclear on what she wants in the assignments. She never sent what textbook the class would be using to the bookstore so many of us didn't have the book when class started and had to wait over a week to get the book. If you can, AVOID THIS PROFESSOR!
1.0 : Do not take him.
1.5 : I took this as a weekend format and it was terrible. We didn't use the textbook at all. Your grade consisted of two papers and a group presentation. He doesn't particularly care if you show up to class or not. He drifts off topic A LOT and seems to be a bit aged in terms of the field. I reccommend taking this class with someone more knowledgable.
1.0 : Very confusing. completely unfair with grading - did not express expectations. said to look at syllabus, but then wanted things that werent in the syllabus and penalized me for not including them
3.0 : I registered for the class and I had to drop the class the first week of class.  You do not have to write your answers and comments, the way you participate in this class is by recording your answers and comments. your initial post has to be from 5 to 10 minutes, (which is almost 1 page and half) and your comments 2 to 5 minutes.  stay away.
3.0 : Prof. Gentry is clear on what she expects from the class. Her power-points are taken EXACTLY from the book (word for word), but her Study Guides (which are mandatory) are a tad ridiculous. She wants them to be of your own words, but everything she teaches is word for word from the book. If you are good at memorizing, this class will be an easy A
1.0 : She is the worst professor in Criminal Justice. DO NOT TAKE HER !!! It's like going back to high school.
1.5 : Her class is extremely hard for an intro. She expects wayyy to much. If you are a senior do not take this as open elective or any undergrad avoid this teacher. Getting out of the class with a C- , hopefully. PS She tells you that you need to buy a textbook, but I've never opened it. Save your money, grade, and time.
1.0 : Horrible professor ! should not be teaching ! Does not allow you to email her ever, She will ruin your semester !
2.5 : I never thought an intro class would be so in depth and difficult. It required a lot of work. Keep on top of your reading and Powerpoints. I guess it'a a good way to prepare for the higher level courses, but I've already taken a few higher level courses and they were all easier that Gentry's intro class. Be prepared for a tough quartersemester.
1.0 : Horrible teacher ever. Stay away from her please!
1.5 : Because of Gentry, I have dropped the CJ major; she is that bad.  Sometimes I think she enjoy watching students suffer in trying to get ahead by making excellent grades, so with intentions, she adds more to the fire.  If you're a CJ major and enjoy it, take any prof. except her.  If you have no patience in dealing with Gentry, drop the CJ major.
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever taken. She gives you a week to do a whole review sheet homework of 40 or more terms and not just writing out the definitions but defining each term in paragraphs. This class took up 98% of my time. She does not accept late work, even if you have an actual reason. Was .01 away from a B- but she wouldn't even round that.
1.0 : Dr Gentry is the worst teacher I've ever known, and  because of her I had to change the CJ major. She expect you to do maximum grade, but don't even explain her powerpoint in class. Teachers usually care for students, not Dr Gentry in contrary, she enjoys watching students fall. I don't know why NSU still keep her.
1.5 : This professor was horrible! She was unclear about how she wanted assignments done. She overloaded the amount of work for a Summer semester to the extreme. Overall, I would not suggest her to any other student.
5.0 : I thought this professor was very informative in terms of what she wants and how she wants the assignments done.  Also, this profess was very helpful to me and took the time to explain whatever it was I was not getting.  She's has the approach of a teacher and wants her students to succeed.  However, the work has to be done.
2.5 : If you have a choice avoid her at all costs.
2.5 : This was an 8 week class, I expected to have a heavy work load, and there wasn't much, but the work required was graded extremely hard. You will HAVE to participate or it will reflect heavily on your grade. You can't miss 2+ classes. She claims she doesn't give busy work, but spending 8 hours on a study guide is a bit ridiculous. Do not recommend.
1.0 : Ridiculously hard for an intro class
5.0 : I really liked this class. She really knows what she is talking about, and has a great teaching method. She is not joking about the absences, if you do not come to class your grade will show it. Review sheets cover exactly what's on the test.  If you do not like doing a lot of work however, try another professor, because you can't slack off here.
2.0 : Prof. Gentry is a nice lady, but she's not to be taken lightly.  Her test are very in-depth and requires heavy thoughts or grade will be low. She does provides review sheets, but the students has to complete them.  On the review sheets are terms(definitions) which are to be in your own words, Amendments which has to be told when they were est .
1.5 : This professor wants so much for a class that is 1000 level; Terms are defined using your own words, memorizing amendments(4,6,8,14) what it est? Why was it important? Memorizing cases that are affiliated with the amendments are to name a few.  Her tests are very detailed, she wants details on her response; anything less will result in a low grade.
1.0 : She takes the joy out of being a criminal justice major.  It's not the serious, especially while teaching or lecturing an "Intro level" class.  Intro level classes are supposed to be basics, so what is she trying to do? SMH.
1.0 : Well, I am not lazy and I received an "A" in her online class.  With that, it is very true that this professor gives too much for a 1000 level class.  I took her class along with 3 others and I spent the MOST on her class, which is 1000 level; the other classes were 3000 or higher.  Her class was the most intense and stressful. Stay away.
2.0 : I had took 5 classes; three were 3000 and over, one class was 2000 level and Prof. Gentry's was 1000.  Prof. Gentry's class was the lowest level class I had, but the work required more attention than my other classes.  Prof. Gentry is nice, but she's doing too much for her "Intro level" class.  I received an  "A";No laziness over here.
5.0 : Great Professor.  He went over accounting problems as classwork before giving the same type of problem in homework.  He then gave the same type of problem on the test.  He will not go over work again until he goes over the study guide. Attendance isn't graded but is necessary if you aren't an accounting major.
1.0 : By far the worst professor I have ever taken. There is a HW assignment due every week. He will go over some class exercises, but none as complex as the homework. He is little to no help if you have a question, and is extremely condescending. He never went over the project's materials. The entire class was lost. Only positive: the final exam review.
1.0 : If you have no problem with teaching yourself, go right ahead and take his class. Reads off powerpoints and does not really engage the class. When you advise that you don't understand something he kind of expects you to and then doesn't really sit there and explain until you actually get it. No help at all with preparing you for Cengage HW online.
1.0 : Avoid if at all possible! Will not go out of his way to help so be prepared to teach yourself. Lectures don't reflect the homework so most get B's and C's on the homework. When asked to go over homework from previous weeks, he says he can't because we need to move on. So expect to get the same material wrong on the final.
1.0 : The level of unprofessionalism from this professor is surreal. Don't take him, do yourself a favor and drop the class.
1.0 : Worse class I've taken in Graduate school. I'm taking this class online and the way he set up the assignments is for every week to complete a group project, being that is an online class makes it extremely difficult to have complete a group assignment every week. If someone in your group doesn't cooperate you are still responsible for the work.
1.5 : I would run if I were you! This was a complicated class. You have to read the text book in it's entirety. You will be tempted to drop every second of this class. The lectures are long and boring. Prepare yourself for the unbearable good luck!!
1.0 : This class was the worst decision of my life. I will leave it at that because I recommend no one takes this class with this professor. You will regret this decision I promise you.
1.5 : He is a horrible teacher/facilitator. He talks way too fast and his powerpoints are ambiguous.  The worst part is, he takes pride talking fast and being tricky. He often does not understand nor answer students' questions directly.  He gets defensive when students ask questions. It's a shame.
1.0 : Terrible instructor, assignments weren't graded, exam questions were poorly written, and lectures were a joke.
1.0 : Professor Bolden is very knowledgeable about the subject matter, and she is one of the few PA's who does research. However, it is extremely difficult to follow hertake her seriously during her lectures.  She once said "uh" 89 times in 5 minutes.
1.0 : She does not know what she is talking about. We had to constantly correct her on info she should know. If you're in this class switch out and take Mokha. She makes it seem like you need to know less info than you actually do. I'm usually a great student and have never disliked a professor until this point. You'll need to self teach to pass.
1.0 : She gives a ton of work! We have 3 different groups in her class and she kept giving us more work in between all other assignments. She is not a clear grader so you never know where you stand with her. Overall, you have to work hard to get an A and even then, if she doesn't like you, you won't get it.
1.0 : Mr. Vertz is a horrrible instructor and reads directly from his powerpoints every class. The two major grades are the midterm and the final which are open book, but  Vertz grades very, very harshly. My entire class fought with him over points. I would never take a class with him again! Take the class at another university online.
1.5 : This instructor insists on overcomplicating anything possible.  He also acts as academic advisor.  I (and my classmates) dread all interactions with him.  He is consistently rude, impatient, and arrogant.  It reads like he is throwing his weight to show how much we should respect him; respect that he had until he acted like this.
1.0 : This professor is "RUDE!" He makes things harder that what they really are. He doesn't give instructions well. He is very arrogant like he owns the world. He makes you feel less than a student. Not to mention, he is unkind. I'm currently at NSU and he is my advisor and I hate to even email him, because he will find a way to make you feel STUPID.
1.0 : This professor did not clarify when asked,she basically read from the powerpoints and her grading was extremely tough.
1.0 : She is not specific with her expectations.  Whether you follow the rubric or not she will fail you.  There is no feedback and if there is one,it can be argumentative since in your point of view it IS  answered. She is too busy being a principal elsewhere that her concentration as a professor in this class is very poor.
1.0 : Dr. Diaz has terrible communication skills, she does not reply to emails or course messages.  She does not provide assignment feedback.  Had I not been enrolled in another course with an exceptional professor at Nova I would have left the program.  This course was essentially an independent study with no support or clarification from her.
2.0 : This teacher was terrible! it was her first time teaching she is a really tough grader, test are long, pop quizzes. if you have another choice of teacher please please pick them. I'm just warning you
1.0 : Instructor does not provide instruction, and the feedback received is unclear and repetitive.  When she does respond to student e-mails, she does so in the form of a group announcement with rudeness and aggression.  I'm upset that I paid $6,720 for this course.
2.0 : This professor can be culturally insensitive. Her assignments are well developed and explained. Her grading is not clear and at best selective. She is available outside of class time and responds quickly. Be prepared to be verbally belittled by her comments on your papers and knowledge expressed.
1.0 : Since taking this course there has been absolutely zero course content. She provides a syllabus and expects you to know the material already without teaching on it or even providing resources. Her grading is ridiculous. She never answers e-mails or makes herself available. She is horrible.
1.0 : Future students, beware! She doesn't provide feedback on your grades, she refuses to give A's, very demanding with posts, does not answer her emails, most of the  students failed her final and she didn't curve our grade, all she does is have you watch videos because she doesn't teach, and her midterm was due on a holiday. Take her if you want a C!
1.0 : Terrible professor! Every week you have to read an average of 3 chapters. I have never taken such a demanding class and it's only a social culture class. I will never take this professor again. She ruined my 4.0 gpa.
4.0 : It is not an easy class if you don't have a psychology background, expect to read.  Attend classes and participate
1.5 : She was MIA most of the time when we had questions.  She is condescending if asked for help.  Her final exam covered nothing discussed in class, nor was it related to the chapters assigned.  The entire class did poorly on it with the highest scores being in the low 70s. Despite working hard all summer, many GPAs fell because if it.
1.0 : She does not give clear lectures. You will not learn anything, expect DSM criteria acronyms. She is very annoying and condescending. You will loathe going to class but it is required.
1.0 : Awful, take someone else!!!
1.0 : Doesn't follow the book and he makes things up on the fly. STAY AWAY FROM THIS GUY.
1.0 : She will not email you back. She takes forever to grade. Ask her a question in class and prepare to have her word it the same way in which you didn't understand. She is highly disorganized. She changes assignments verbally and if you didn't get everything she added verbally with no written reminder well you will fail.
3.0 : She's not that bad. She's slow with grading and stuff but she gives a review before exams. If you study you'll get a good grade. 95+ is an A.
2.0 : Terrible professor. I feel that my In-Class professors respond to emails faster than her, I emailed her twice throughout the semester and both times she responded 3+ days later. I expect an online professor to be more available ONLINE. She does not grade based on a rubric and will not explain what you did wrong, as she does indeed grade heavy.
1.0 : She waited till the last minute to post exams during finals and midterms weeks, as well as submission forms for the papers. Seems that she did not do anything as a professor and was probably lounging around on the beach somewhere.
1.0 : He's one of the worst professors I've had in this school. Lectures didn't have anything to do with quizzes. I don't recommend him if you really want to learn about statistics. If you just want to pass, you'll be ok.
1.0 : worst teacher at nova southeastern
1.0 : PSA: Do not ever take Ross. Extremely  disorganized, unclear in both lab and lecture, can take hours to explain simple concepts, and confuses both you and herself almost daily. Orgo with her is a triple threat, the subject is hard, she sucks at teaching, and her tests are difficult. You can do well, but it will require ALOT of individual effort.
1.0 : Do not take her.
3.0 : shes not so bad!!!! if you actually study and go to tutor you will do fine. She really tries her best! I would rather take her than Shanbhag .
1.0 : You will not pass and if you do it will be with a C. Majority of class failed every exam.
3.5 : First off if you didn't take the time to study or go to her after hours when you were failing then yes I would say it was hard. She really gave it her all to try and help our class extra credit like crazy, quizzes, and mechanism. She was very helpful and over all not a bad professor at nova.
1.5 : hardest professor ever taken at Nova. he wants the work to be done exactly as he stated or else therected will be lots of point deducted. on the live chat, he even said most of the Student will pass the class with a C. how can you pass a class with a C on a MBA level? doesn't even answer any course message sent to him.
1.0 : He talks a lot but he is not clear. The requirements for the assignments are always changing. He nitpicks things even though he doesn't specify how to do them in the first place.
1.0 : This is THE worst professor I have ever had!! NO feedback!!  No responses to emails or questions at all.  There has been no interaction with the professor for the whole semester.  It is a teach yourself course and highly unacceptable. It is a LOT of work only to receive no feedback and no response.  Not worth it!! AVOID!
1.0 : This class is completely teach yourself. I have barely received a response from her. When she responded (once) it was 3 weeks after the actual assignment was due. She isn't a tough grader so it is easy to get a good grade, however, you must completely teach yourself. No feedback and no guidance. I've never had a professor that is so non responsive.
2.0 : His syllabus, outcomes, objectives, and assignments were all very confusing at times. He would respond well to messages, but never give good feed back or answers to questions. There is a very long paper. It is almost as if he expected everyone to have prior knowledge, and so he didn't teach much. I had to teach myself a lot.
1.0 : Goes by Lee Pickler.  Does not provide clear instructions for assignments.  Rubrics are not used.  He VAGUELY answers your questions about assignments.  Do not expect him to teach anything or answer your email in a timely manner.  Feedback is totally useless. Took this class online. Too much group work.
1.0 : Pickler does not give you feedback on assignments, so you do not know how to improve on the next assignment. He has an unclear syllabus and is terrible at responding to e-mails in a timely manner. I'm an A student and got various grades throughout the semester and ended up with an A-, with no clear justification for the A-. Group work all semester.
1.5 : This professor is not recommended his projects are vague even though he provides examples if you follow the example he will tell you that you did it wrong. Flip flopper on what is right and wrong. His study guide for the final is not worth a salt the questions were very hard with multiple trick questions. Do not take this course with this professor
1.0 : I agree with everything the reviewer on 4 28 2016 said. I am a straight A student but this professor would have ruined my GPA if I continued in his class. He sent out emails to the class saying how poorly most students are doing. The class and book, which he chged to an IT bk, are more for IT students professionals those taking the PM exam. Beware
3.0 : The class was not overly difficult, professor leaves feedback that is not helpful a few times sarcastic.
1.0 : Tough Grader.. Takes forever to grade assignments
1.0 : This teacher does not care about the well being of students. She is there for a paycheck and she doesn't care if you fail. She is very unclear about what she expects from the students and when asked to clarify, she gets upset and still doesn't answer the question. Go to a different school for sonography!
1.0 : She makes 120 page powerpoints filled with errors and repeated information. The important stuff gets lost in the chaos. She talks really fast and in incoherent sentences as if part of the conversation never make it outside of her mind.  She is a robot, and admittedly doesn't understand some of the most basic human emotions. The worst.
1.0 : Make another chose if possible.
1.0 : Horrible!! Gives discussion questions and wants you to write them all in APA format. A discussion forum is to discuss the topic and give your opinion, there's no need to APA format everything!!Ridiculous class and professor!!
1.0 : Never again, this class was only for fun to see if CJ was a good degree program. Professor ruined it
1.0 : I took this class as an elective for my Master's Degree in CJ. I thought it would be a interesting easy elective to take for fun. This professor ruined all the fun for me. She is a horrible apa critic and marks off points for everything. She worries more about apa then the actual content and knowledge of your paper.
1.0 : Even if you complete all of the assignments she loves giving F's. I did each assignment and the last assignment take hours and she still gave me the less points as possible.  If you want to keep your gpa up don't take her class.
1.0 : Do not take her unless you want to fail.
2.0 : Slow to respond to emails and questions about the class. Isn't clear about grading instructions. Largely group work involved with two papers that are individual. If you follow the instructions she will give you a good grade. Try to follow everything as closely as you can because she doesn''t answer emails or calls.
1.0 : He is the horrible teacher, so bad classes and classes totally messy. He don't know his subject. I recommend never take his class, you will waste your money and time.
2.0 : Well show up to class, be creative, study means not only go over the powerpoint slides but read read read the book. You'll do find.   I'm 50% done with this class, Depending on how my midterm and other tests and quizzes go from here on out defines how I do in the course
2.0 : He is a quirky guy, but his lectures do not go into enough depth. His class is a pass/fail and you basically have to teach yourself everything because he won't give enough details.
1.0 : Professor Sardenberg seems to be very smart, the problem is that she doesn't know how to teach.  A class like this one requires a professor who knows what they're talking about and is able to provide that information to the students.  I had to teach myself the whole class. Do yourself a favor and take the class with another professor.
2.0 : DIFFICULT EXAMS... Especially with lockdown browser which she requires!
1.0 : Terrible professor, disorganized, goes off topic, didn't grade some assignments, accuses students of cheating, lectures were awful, and exam questions were poorly written. She seems sweet and is knowledgeable, but not a great instructor.
1.0 : He has a very thick accent, so it's difficult to understand what he's saying most of the time. My real problem is that his handwriting is nearly illegible, the worst handwriting I've ever seen by a professor. If mathemathics are not your strong suit do not take this professor, his lectures are useless.
1.0 : He has a really heavy accent and terrible handwriting, which basically makes it pointless to attend his lectures, which are required unfortunately. Tests and quizzes are pretty easy though, just make sure you teach yourself. Can't really get a hold of him to ask questions. He says textbook is required, but I never used it.
3.0 : Lamy is a decent teacher, however, he has a thick Haitian accent and his handwriting can be difficult to read. He is very nice about repeating and rewriting things though. There was a lot of homework and not a lot of time to do it but tests were absolutely doable. On the plus side, he lets you have reference sheets and gives extra credit.
1.0 : i dont know whether i attended statistics or prescription medicine class. Impossible to understand anything in the writing, and with a strong accent, makes you wonder wether you are taking arabic 101
1.0 : he has an extremely thick accent and terrible handwriting, so unless you follow his hieroglyphs with a group of people, you will not be able to decipher what is on the board, thankfully 75% of the class is tests and quizzes, which are extremely easy, and he may give extra cred (Statistics  math2020)
1.0 : Online master program. There was a group assignment that the students were responsible for making groups, this did not work out well especially since we had two people in our group drop the class due to no communication from the professor. Tried contacting the professor through email &amp; phone all semester with no response.
2.0 : Don't expect timely feedback or clear instructions. Lots of homework and a group project that has no direction. Both midterm and final require lockdown browser so be prepared! Weekly discussion as well as weekly homework and weekly group project phases due. Do not take with more than 1 other class if you plan on doing well.
2.0 : Do not take this course with another course. Group projects, individual papers, and midterm and Final require lockdown browser and it's closed book. Study guide did not help much. Both tests are extremely difficult. Does offer extra credit assignment so take advantage to make up for lost points. If you can take another prof, do so. Don't recommend.
2.0 : Professor gives a lot of busy work. On a weekly basis we had 1 discussion (with 2-3 questions), 2 responses (on different days of the week), &amp; a current event. Not to mention we have the group paper and presentation plus a midterm and a final. If you keep up with your work it is not too bad but she takes forever to grade &amp; tough grade + no feedback
2.0 : Follow the Rubric precisely. If you don't understand the Rubric, ask for concrete &amp; concise instructions, or you will not get the full points.
1.0 : No matter how you follow his rubric it's not exactly what he wants - make sure you ask exactly what he means!  Make a good First Impression - crucial to how your semester is going to reflect grade wise!  The B grade, he makes you work hard with all the assignments and tough grading.
1.0 : The WORST professor anyone can possibly take at Nova. Teaching methods are horrible. His lectures have nothing to do with the information in our books and he does not provide any powerpoint. Quizzes are all done verbally and doesn't provide hardcopies. He takes for ever to update grade books, so you'll never know what grade you have in the class.
1.0 : Horrible teacher ! Do not recommend to take him for any course!  Teaching and grading methods are bad, takes for ever to grade assignments, RUDE! Overall worst professor taken at Nova! Be prepare to fail if you take him!
1.0 : Don't take him he's the worst. Don't make the same mistake I made and take him cause the times are convenient. You'll regret it...
1.0 : This guy loves talking about himself. Brags a lot about the little he did with the companies he has worked at. His style of grading is skimming through your case study and if what is in it challenges him to use his brain, he gets frustrated and gives you what comes to his mind.  Don't waste your time taking him. He barely wants to go over your work
2.0 : Don't let him even think you know more about any particular subject in Supply Chain more than he does. It hurts his ego. This professor's grading is subjective and most of the class lecture is about how much success he's had throughout his career.  I don't understand why they put a guy with an MBA and mediocre experience to teach an MBA course.
2.0 : Takes way too long to grade assignments.  When communicating with him through email, it feels like you are getting a response from a robot.  Not very accessible and I don't believe he reads the entire case study.
1.0 : Worst professor at NOVA.  He offers no other way to contact him besides the course messages option in blackboard and hope that he responds soon.  His way of grading seems like he's flipping a coin on who gets A's, B's, or C's.  By the time he finishes grading your case study, the second one is due and you have no idea of what to expect. Horrible
2.0 : This professor definitely means well, but she can't teach to save her life. She is so unprofessional, and will constantly make excuses for her shortcomings. Be ready to teach yourself EVERYTHING and still be grossly under-prepared when you get to vascular clinicals.
1.0 : NEVER responds to messages, and that's not an exaggeration. Noted in syllabus to contact her SPECIFICALLY via Blackboard, but she'll still ignore your messages. Assignments/Quizzes are never open on time. It's after it's been due that she'll address it in an announcement, finally open it and you'll have to cram that with the other due assignments.
1.0 : Terrible communication and clarification Final paper topic is a joke-more like a discussion question for what could be said in length Too much confusion Final paper topic not released until a week prior to due date Don't take her
1.0 : He is terrible in lecture, you won't understand anything he says and he goes way too fast. I had to teach myself all the material. The tests are super hard. For lab, he checks all the pre-labs throughly, don't fudge them. He also constantly changes his criteria for pre-lab and lab reports.
1.0 : He constantly contradicts himself when doing problems on the board. Also, he goes too fast in lecture and speaks too softly so you can barely understand him. When you ask him to slow down he won't do it. He constantly changes what he wants in the lab reports and lab notebooks, he grades them very hard. You will be teaching yourself the material.
3.0 : Her lectures are very monotone, most rely on powerpoints to pass, textbook not required, need MasteringChem code. Many lab reports but grades easy. She follows up occasionally if you're missing an assignment and will ask for it late. Strict in class, friendly one on one, and curves final grade. Tests are difficult, some questions from powerpoint
1.0 : Do not take if you are not willing to self teach chemistry 1 or 2. does not "Teach," just reads the powerpoints with a very low voice, so sit in the front row. You'll just have to do your own work anyways, she skips the examples for problems on the powerpoints and will tell you to do it yourself.
1.0 : She is the worst prof. I have taken in my life. She uses stereotypes, race and personal stories people share in order to prove a point. She is rude and probably a bit insane. She doesnt know what she wants ever and is technologically inept. She used the textbook for the first couple weeks. She is a tough grader and dont expect clarity. AT. ALL.
1.0 : I have withdrawn from this professor's class due to the mediocre teaching style. Teaches one thing and tests us on another. Has a positive outlook on your future in her class even though there is no way you will make an A unless you have already mastered BIO 1. This class was a waste of time, be careful, a withdraw can cost you a fortune.
1.0 : her lectures consist of her pointing at a slide and saying "learn this" and then reading from a textbook like we can't do that on our own. She fails to create a test with things we have learned in class and tests the class on things we've never seen. She will also keep telling you that you're going to pass when you are currently failing.
2.0 : I already dropped the class because it was pretty much a guaranteed C, I mean he is a nice guy but no matter how much of the optional HW you do, and how much you listen or study, most questions on the test have a little "twist" he never covered or you have never seen. So unless you have that magical math eye (which I do not) then good luck. RIP GPA
1.0 : If you are a loud typer, dont sit close to him in the front of the class. Will. Complain/ask you to type softer/slower because the loud typing is. Distracting him. Also, goes. Through lecture quickly, and is very extbook dependent. Doesnt like. When students google things. To help them understand.
1.0 : Horrible professor! he knows chem but he doesn't know how to explain it to students. Everything is ambiguous on his class, pp, tests, homework, lectures! You never know your actual grade until the end, just that you are above - below the class average. Don't even try to ask him anything because you'll get more confused. WORST PROFESSOR EVER!
1.0 : Unclear expectations and assignments. When the class holistically asked for him to clarify, he said he was "miffed" and we were asking too much. Says you don't have to come to class, only to throw pop-quizzes in. He is a really nice person, but a poor teacher. Group projects get the same grade, you will suffer from poor work from others.
2.0 : The class was interesting, but the weekly classes were very dull. I was basically "self taught", and would have appreciated more from the professor. He has high expectations for discussions and participation.
