1.0 : Topics introduced rapidly, w/ poor explanation.  Long, difficult HW assignments. Quizzes occur almost every day; of 30 class sessions, there were 24 quizzes (only 8 were passed back by the end of the semester). More than half scored 50% on  1st midterm.  Arrogant; often states that difficult concepts are  "easy" or "not rocket science".
4.0 : As a person she's awesome. Her love for math is obvious. As a teacher, somewhat disorganized, and not always easy to understand her expectations. In person, her responses are usually crystal clear and helpful. Exams were downright identical to the study guides. She assigns deep homework problems. Prepare to spend more time with them than I did.
1.5 : Shes super enthusiatic about linear algebra, which is awesome but thats where it stops. Shes extremely disorganized. Had no idea what my grade was the entire semester. Wont give homework for weeks then assigns it a week before tests. This makes taking the daily quizzes difficult since we get no practice with the problems. Doesnt respond to emails.
2.5 : Good lecturer, but disorganized at times. Her homework problems are difficult and time consuming, and the online homework is assigned almost at last minute, making it seem rushed and not enough time to get the concepts. Midterm and final was identical, but still hard either way. So disappointed I got a D- in the course. Find someone else.
1.0 : Just not a good teacher.  I passed, but just barely and did not make a high enough grade to move on.  I retook the class at another school and got an A.  I hate to say it, but I would avoid here if at all possible.
3.5 : Krause is a very nice lady, however her lectures are confusing and be prepared to take quizzes on material that was based a couple of weeks ago. She gives quizzes almost everyday. If you missed/failed an exam be prepared to come to class everyday to make sure you don't miss the quiz(they are all unannounced)
3.0 : I highly recommend not to take Krause. Good lecturer, but notes are really confusing. She doesn't show any work, leading to confusion on where something is coming from. If you show work that doesn't look like her's she will take points off (BAD!). If you're prepared to cram less than a week of HW, take her. It stressed me out.
1.0 : I HATE THIS HCTIB!!!!!!!!! DO NOT TAKE IM WARNING U, IT WILL MAKE U PULL OUT UR HAIR!!
1.0 : I am going to be straight, I used to be 4.0 student until I took her class. Whatever you do, just take someone else. I passed with a B- and none if the people I met in the class got to pass. She does not teach, like, at all.
1.5 : I wish I would have checked the reviews before taking her :/ emailed her many times asking about hw with no response. Very confusing lectures that consists of examples only. Makes a good amount of mistakes. Exams are similar like the practice exams which is helpful. Pretty much had to teach myself tho. She is a nice lady, but I don't recommend her
1.0 : This is the worst professor I have ever encountered. Disorganized and arrogant. Sets you up for failure from the start. Lectures are mess. She jumps in-between chapters without properly announcing topics, makes mistakes on board, fails to fix them. Never responds to emails. Quizzes are not in sync with either hw or lecture. Avoid like a plague.
1.0 : Not only the worst math teacher, but worst teacher I have ever had. This professor does NOT know how to teach. She mumbles to herself in class. Will not answer questions directly. Will NOT respond to emails. Goes thru 2 to 3 sections a day and expects you to be an expert immediately. Avoid her at all cost or prepare to teach yourself calc. HORRIBLE
1.0 : I have never contributed to thi ssite before but now I feel I must. Professor Kraus seems like a nice person. She is elderly and has mobility problems which causes her to be late to class often. Her lectures are confusing, assignments are ignored until the last moment, then she assigns a mountain all at once. Her tests are insanly hard! AVOID!
1.0 : AWFUL!! Takes off points on homework  and tests for no reason. Gives quizzes everyday and never tells you the topics ahead of time. Takes forever to grade. Gives way too many questions and not enough time to do them. Homework takes days. Doesn't let you use calculators on tests. Gives no feedback whatsoever and is horrible at explaining. STAY AWAY!
1.0 : Professor Krause is a tough professor. Expect a quiz in class EVERY SINGLE DAY. She doesn't know how to teach and you won't learn anything unless you already have an understanding in the subject at hand. She doesn't explain the problems she just does them and stands in front of what she's writing in the board most of the time. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS
1.0 : Worst professor I have has so far. Started off the semester using the wrong edition to the book. She figured this out a few weeks into the semester and re-assigned all the homework we had already done. Test are hard, lectures are confusing and not helpful. She doesn't show her work and does only example problems without explaining. Be ready to fail
1.0 : Oh god, it's bad, it's so bad. You think Physics 230 was hard? You think Calc 2 or 3 was hard? Oooohhh boy, get ready, this class will change your life, will redefine what hopelessly confused means, THE HARDEST TEST I HAVE EVER SEEN, there's not way out, you can't escape, stop fighting it, there's only pain. ADVICE: do Khan Academy BEFORE it starts
1.0 : She doesn't help you with anything. All she does are examples and you won't be able to see what she's writing because she blocks the board. She doesn't answer her emails so don't bother. She won't help you during office hours either. She gives quizzes everyday without warning and you can't use notes. She also gives way too much homework online.
1.0 : Awful, In my class of around 35 students, 15-17 stayed till the end. I wud say around 12/17 failed. The people who passed just got a C. For her midterms, only 2 people passed out of 35. There is a lot of online homework and written homework which are hard and time taking. The bad part is that her TA or may be herself grade it like a test.
1.0 : If you can, avoid taking a course taught by him. Not clear on directions, and the exams have nothing to do with the lectures or readings. My whole class has complained to him that we can't learn in his teaching environment, but he doesn't listen.
1.0 : Attend-mandatory but wont get u point Online section- manda yet 0 points given Tons of homework- aint useful for ur exams at all 3 exams- study guide too broad, review questions never appeared on the exam, test students materials before they even get taught! Textbook is too dry! he will never boost your grades! don't trust him always cal ur points
1.5 : She is really strange and unorganized, she lost half the classes papers. Was really rude when I tried to ask a question during her office hours. Overall she's a nice person who doesn't know how to teach. Would not take her again
1.0 : I haven't been in her class for very long, but she isn't a very clear teacher. She asks weird questions and will fight you on every answer you give, so naturally no one answers questions anymore; everyone just stares at their desks until she answers it herself.
1.0 : Lyles is unorganized, confusing, and not helpful at all. On more than one occasion I noticed her being actually really mean to students. Everyone avoids asking questions because she laughs at you and tells you you're wrong. Could definitely get away with never attending class bc her roll-taking is sporadic. Avoid, I didn't learn a thing.
1.0 : Honestly the worst teacher I've ever had. Avoid at all costs. She makes no sense, laughs at you when you answer questions, doesn't use email so there's no way to contact her. She's a harsh grader, doesn't seem to really read your essays (corrected a bunch of quotes from outside sources, etc.). Her class is excruciatingly boring. AAAVVVVVVOOIIIIID.
1.5 : Even if you do everything she asks for in an essay, it's still a low grade. The best you can get with all the requirements at hand? A "C" at best. And I find myself drifting off because she's constantly on tangents and not Shakespeare. She knows her stuff, but she won't "share"
1.0 : A smart professor. But her disorganization and old fashioned way of teaching make the class dreadful. I do not recommend taking her class.
1.0 : Professor Lyles is the worst professor I have taken at State by far! She is unclear, her lectures are very disorganized, and I found her to be rude to her students. Throughout the semester, she assigned 3 essays and an oral presentation. The instructions for the assignments were vague, yet she graded very harshly. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS!
1.0 : Don't take any of her classes!!! She is annoying to listen to, her lectures are pointlessly long, and she is a tough grade for no reason. She was extremely unorganized and extremely hard to get a hold of because she doesn't use technology. However, she does actually know her stuff and she cancelled class quite often.
3.5 : The most inspirational professor I've ever had. She grades hard, but her comments are on point. I sweated over my papers and took very careful notes. Ended up doing well in all four classes I had with her. I would definitely take her again if given the opportunity. However, I probably wouldn't recommend her to non-English majors-she's not an easy A
1.0 : She is very disorganized, no powerpoints only lecture, and no sense of technology what so ever. There are several major essays, an in class essay and a final presentation that is detailed.
1.0 : Easy class, dreadfully boring. Lectures drone on and on. There are a few essays, very easy if you've written critical analysis essays on Shakespeare before. Midterm is a 4 pg in class essay. One 10 min presentation. She's incredibly smart, but her old-school methods don't work for me. She doesn't  use email, hands out pointless papers, slow grader
1.0 : Honestly, the biggest disappointment. I regret not looking her up on RMP before. Her lectures are extremely repetitive. She will spend three class periods on one Act and then 30 minutes on the rest of the play. She doesn't like anyone else's opinion but her own. The only people in my classes that got A's sucked up to her all the time.
1.0 : Lyles is NOT someone I would recommend to have as a professor. As someone who loves Shakespeare, I was excited, and now I dread going to class. We can discuss one act for two weeks and the rest of the play for 30 minutes. And waste time watching the movies. Did I mention that she's REALLY unorganized? and doesn't use technology. You were warned!
1.0 : The professor is super awkward with no sense of humor. Unorganized, acts like she's always right and will fight you (not literately) to prove you wrong. Instructions are super weird and will get you lost, overall, do not take this course if you are seeking a first class education.
1.0 : Honestly, my whole experience in Professor Lyles's class has felt like a dream to me. She could fill the entire class period without actually teaching us anything. She is clearly very smart but cannot teach. She is so unorganized and strange that at times I wondered if she was growing senile. Unfortunately we did not learn much about Shakespeare.
1.5 : As much as I enjoyed Lyles as a person, she is really repetitive in class. If you already understand Shakespeare on some level, this class is a breeze, but everyone else struggles. She's disorganized, unclear in her instructions for essays, and contacting her is impossible because she doesn't use email. She grades tough and kind of arbitrarily.
2.0 : She means well, but she is extremely disorganized. I took this class because there were no other GE classes left and it was so hard to go to because she just rambles the whole time. If you actually like Shakespeare I would not take this class. Or if you have another option for a GE requirement definitely don't take this class. Kind of easy at least
1.0 : This was easily the worst class I've ever taken. We were graded on 2 out of class essays, one in-class midterm essay, and an oral presentation. The first essay's prompt was illegible, she lost about 10 kid's midterms and just gave them As, and since she didn't review all the books we bought, the final essay is a joke. She never used ilearn or email
5.0 : Love Jai King. The Best Professor Ever. Easy A!
1.0 : Worst teacher I've ever had at SFSU. He expects you to stay all three hours of class to talk about the material for maybe 20 minutes &amp; the rest of the time talking about himself. Going to class is mandatory but most just sign the sign in sheet and leave. Very unclear, scattered. He's not helpful &amp; plan to teach this course to yourself.
2.0 : Nicest professor ever, retake midterm, brings you snacks. Not the best teacher, but he is smart. Didn't understand a single concept the way he was teaching, so prepare to read the book and learn yourself. Ppl tend to leave early, but he has these inclass assignments w/ answers in the book for extra credit. talks about himself for half the class
1.0 : not a good teacher at all. please do not take his class if there is another option. does not teach and won't attend is office hours even when he has set times to meet up with students. I took him because I had to.
3.5 : I don't understand why people wrote bad comments about Prof Kang.  Prof Kang is a really nice and funny guy, even though he talked a lot of stuff which are not related to the class material.  Two papers, one midterm, and one final exam thats all.  Don't skip class and end up saying he doesn't teach and didn't learn anything, it is your fault.
1.0 : Do not ever take this class unless there is no more seats in community college
1.0 : I have never had a teacher this terrible. I am a straight A student, and this class was ridiculous. He takes 2 hours to do a single problem on the board that should only take 20 seconds. I can never understand him. He refuses to use formulas. Tests throw curve balls Choose another teacher, I beg you. This man shouldn't teach! Learned nothing.
1.0 : Jai Kang is very smart but a terrible teacher.  He becomes frustrated when people ask questions and then he doesn't go over there question because he said he already went over that question.  His lectures are mostly about his life in Korea or golf.  He also won't stop talking about how you should act like a cat and don't act like a dog... so yeah
3.0 : I passed ACCT 101. He is a good professor, he give you 60% of grade even you never do your homework. You don't need to go to the class since the attendence only have 10% of grade. Just study by yourself and try to find some previous exam from your friend and you will pass his class. All in all, easy class to pass in some cases.
1.0 : since day 1 I never understood him but I thought it was because the subject was hard, but than i noticed i still didn't know what was going on in class and i was there every monday for 3 hours just sitting lost. Wants work done his way not like book. talk about himself alot and gets off subject all the time
2.0 : Jai Kang has to be one of the nicest professors I've ever had. He brings snacks everyday for all his students, you can tell he clearly cares about his students. However, I do believe he was not meant to be a teacher. He spends most of the lecture time rambling about things not pertaining to the subject. If you can self teach class is an easy A
4.0 : I don't like him at first, his lectures are mostly about his life, not accounting. However, he is the nicest professor I have met. He brings snacks, he lets you retake the midterm,  put off deadlines, and he is a generous grader... You can see he really wants everyone to pass and tries his best to help us. I won't mind take his class again.
3.0 : He is super sweet, nice, smart and he cares about his students. he will bring you snacks, let you re take midterms and gives you extra credit. BUT He is not good at teaching, be ready to read the book and learn the material by yourself.. He spends 20mns taking about accounting and like 2 hours talking of irrelevant stuff.
1.0 : If I was dying and I had one minute left. I would spend it in this class because class feels like an eternity...
1.0 : AVOID THIS PROFESSOR AT ALL COSTS. He is NOT  a good teacher AT ALL. He doesnt actually teach the material, he does just read the slides. JUST AVOID THIS ONE. TRUST ME.
2.0 : Simple class if you enjoy having your input heard or if you enjoy writing since the class was basically graded on your writing skills. She is fairly organized but off topic a lot. Clarity on certain assignments are low. Easy A though...
1.0 : Has no idea what she's doing now that she has a normal class size. Blames students for her mistakes and allows no compensation for them. Gives poor direction. Some books for the class aren't even available, poor class planning. Way too much work for the type of class it is. Heed the warnings, avoid this class! I didn't :( Test 1 open note.
1.0 : Oh, Sands. She is pretty damn boring, She's pretty blunt, rude, and not approachable. Grades hard, only 4 assignments 2 exams. She's retiring! :D Yay. So hopefully no one has to deal with her again. I would not recommend her, but she's not the worst of the worst.
1.0 : Horrible! Very unclear about everything, and not helpful AT ALL! When I asked a question he just repeats the same thing over and over even though it had no relevance. He barely teaches and the supposed 3 hour class is only 45 minutes, which isn't a bad thing until it comes for a test day. Crunched for time and felt SO rushed!!
1.0 : He's all over the place. Instructions are as clear as the SF bay. Don't worry about it. That's what he says when you ask him for help. You have no idea what you're doing in class until you tells you that you did it wrong and even then you don't know what he's saying.
1.0 : This could have been a very interesting class, but he barely explain what each programing function does.  Do the work, read the book yourself and you will learn more than his teaching
3.0 : I've taken 101 and 103 with Tabrizi and the experience is much more of the same. He tries to explain C, but he uses ancient programs that take a long time to setup. He is often unprepared so he spends some time fixing the example he's doing, and doesn't explain what different code elements do. When asked what to read, he said just read it. ????????
2.0 : If you don't show up to class you are going to fail. His examples at lecture are all you need to study for the exams to pass this class. Don't buy or read the book waste of time. He curves grades so the average scores no matter how low will be a C grade in his class.
1.0 : Avoid at all costs. I took Engineering Graphincs with Tabrizi and it was very frustrating because he''s an awful teacher. He''s not clear with instructions whatsoever. He would tell one student something and another student something else. very inconsistent. But in the end I got an A and it wasn''t too difficult. I learned nothing  felt like a waste
2.0 : Conceptually difficult class. Expects you to know stats before. If the lectures were a bit more structured it may have been better. Go to the labs!! This is where you ask questions. Labs have regrades and are corrected in a way to guide you to the correct answer. Take home exams, you have access to previous exams with some similar questions.
1.0 : I got an A but still dunno how. The prof is a nice guy but he really should not be teaching this class. The concepts are difficult and not intuitive so it takes a good communicator to make people understand, and he is not that guy. I ended up doing well only cos I did a LOT of self-study, Googling, and looking at past exams which the prof provides.
1.0 : No pre-req for statistics or any math, first day straight into statistics terminology. Assumes you know SPSS and R, and offers little help in learning it. Jokes that all the students look lost in lectures, but doesn't clarify anything. Test are take home, good? Screwed either way. I learned more from youtube than him. Worst professor ever!!! AVOID!
1.0 : This class was horrible super slow and tough grader . He does not know how to teach whatsoever. He also claims that you would need to google and figure things out on your own, but gets mad when you do because your "taking his class not googles" and he will mark the answer wrong even if its right because you didn't do it the way he (never) said.
1.0 : This class was BY FAR one of the WORST classes I have ever taken in my entire life. Not only does Prof Connors is a nice guy but expect you to know everything from day 1, is very unclear when you ask questions, and cant teach very well. This class will continue to haunt me till the end of my days. Advice? take this class at a CC or summer. Donttake
2.0 : Be ready to teach yourself how to use a statistics software to do analysis.   He's always there if you ask for help, but his answer's almost never useful. His lectures are pointless, most of the time he just talks about the projects he's doing.  Skip class, use the time to do the lab assignment.  Way better use of your time.
2.5 : Be aware, He wants u to write exactly what he said in the exam or he will fail u!! He will give u all the answer in the exam. But if u really want to learn the juice of "Business in China" U need to ask him question, he does not give lecture! If you want a lecture, please  goto Amazon n buy stuff to read it yourself.
5.0 : I was skeptical about prof keith the first two weeks of class. but as i get to know her i really hated myself for judging her without first getting to know her. she is an excellent teacher with years of experience. being a foreign student can be frustrating but i was never once frustrated in her class. she is never biased and fair to all students.
3.0 : Professor Keith is nowledgeable, nice and motivated, but incredibly disorganized and unclear.  If you can roll with uncertainty, you will be fine as the class is not hard.  If you need clear guidelines, you will gnaw your own leg off to get out of this class.
1.0 : Terribly close-minded. Hillary didn't win presidency? "Oh we need to heal." Gtfo. We are in school. Nobody needs to heal after a president is chosen. This woman drank the koolaid real bad. Legit ethnic studies is a class for people to go "woah was me." She will give you her opinion and ONLY look for facts that support her opinion. Do ur own resrch!
1.0 : I have this instructor at San Jose State University. Very disorganized. Not approachable. Approach her and she'll say "I don't know, work it out" The biggest chunk of our grade is a paper with a group research &amp; presentation part and she won't put you to group till the very last month of class. P.S. it's less than a month because her dates are off!
1.0 : OMG! Horrendous instructor! Do Not Take Her! I also have her for PSYC120 @ SJSU. She made the lecture class form a circle to supposedly find a group. After finding our group she said you can only have 2-3 people in the group. Also you can't have a Monday a Wednesday person together. she didn't say any of this before hand. Very disorganized! Awful
4.5 : I think the people who left negative reviews about prof. Sinha might be mistaking him for someone else. Yes, he is not the most exciting teacher to take a class with but at the end of the day, one should expect to have to do some work and be more independent at college level. He is helpful, easy going, and I will recommend him.
4.0 : Not sure why he has such bad reviews here. People should try harder. Read the lab before class, and don't ask stupid questions. Past 200 level you shouldn't expect instant learning. I wish he taught the lecture. This is a very easy lab.
1.0 : He is the worst teacher that one can take class in any field. The worst thing is he is copying book's procedure in Matlab without any explanations and then he receives different answers for his own try. He cannot use the computers and softwares as a  Phd in Mathematics professor should do. Engineering department should take action for this teacher.
3.0 : Not a bad guy. I think he's just given up on trying to reach students. Most of the class had no interest in lab methodology, and just recycled their friends' work from previous semesters, and he just let it slide.
1.0 : Worst teacher in SFSU because he does not teach anything to students and he does not care.  I believe he is just there for the paycheck. He has a PhD, but he doesn't know anything about teaching. I guess having a PhD does not mean you can teach. I hope he retire very soon, so they can hire a better proffersor to replace him.
1.0 : Design Methodology: Disorganized.  He returns your assignment, it has been graded, but he has no record of you submitting it.  Several times throughout the semester I had to show him the work he graded just so I could receive credit.  The learning in his class is minimal at best.  KEEP ALL YOUR ASSIGNMENTS, because he doesn't know they exist.
1.0 : HORRIBLE! everything mentioned is accurate. you can never win with her. even if you do your best, she still gives low grades.
3.5 : I have heard very critical comments made about Dr. Rabolt. I had perceived her as intimidating and worse yet out of touch with the subject matter.  I learned after taking a course with her that I couldn't have been more wrong. She cares about the success of her students and cares A LOT about the subject matter. She is stern, but a good instructor.
1.0 : Fashion and the Consumer. 1 midterm. 1 final. Multiple choice. 4 quizzes. 2 group projects. 1 is a chapter presentation. The other is the final research group presentation. 1 research paper. Exactly like ADM466's paper, but much more difficulty graded. Must post on iLearn weekly for participation points. Stressful class, but required.
5.0 : I took Dr. D for BIO351 and was really intimidated starting the semester because of his rating on here, only to find out that Dr. D is a really helpful professor who's passionate about what he teaches. You honestly get what you put into this class, ask questions and go to his office hours. I would definitely recommend Dr.D to future students
1.0 : For the lab, he is really good and you can see his passion in his work.  However, in his lecture classes, they are the opposite.  Each slide consists of him putting picture and words he got off a textbook and throwing them in there.  Most of the class fails because of his very difficult tests.
1.0 : I take this class for my GWAR requirements on graduation.  I put real effort on my assignment 2 and went to his office asking for his opinion.  I had an appointment at 1pm and he came to office at 3:40.  He edited my abstract and in the final draft the edited part is marked as mistakes. You never know how he grades your score seriously.
3.0 : There was a lot problems with the class though, lectures were boring, to the point a couple of students fell asleep. assignments rarely are returned. He was busier last semester. One problem was with another partner in the class, she took out all her frustrations on me for some reason, she has a huge attitude problem. i got herbecause the last part
2.0 : Busy teacher, turns back assignments late, or sometimes never. problems with classmate, such as 1 dropping, 1 with big attitude even after her procedure, and lashed out her frustration at her partner. if looking for LOR, refer, for jobs, dont bother. he claims not to even know you, and claims its been more than a year, when its only been one semest
2.0 : I wanted to see anyone who took biol351gwar comment on this. My first impression of him before i took the class was he was good. After a few weeks have gone by, i found that he only lectures, and the abstracts and future papers you are writing will be graded much more harshely. I will reveal more info once the semester is over. i suggest other teac
1.0 : he is the worst!! hard quizzes, unrelated to what he teaches in class. boring lectures. long labs, and a TA who doesn't know the material, and  gives you the  wrong information. don't take him ! he is never satisfied, no matter how hard you try. THE WORST!!!
3.0 : Took him over the summer and it honestly wasn't that bad. He does come off as a strict and arrogant person, but over time he's actually very friendly and engaging with the class. Just make sure to really pay attention and take notes because he will test you on things that he lectures about in class and a few things from the book. The curve saved me
1.0 : If you are a loser, don't take this class. you're going to cry.  only gave 1 because he wanted to scare the babies away.  love him. 3
1.0 : Don't take this class unless you have no choice. Don't take this class if you are graduating, even if you have no choice.
1.0 : This class is no joke. This is the hardest class I have ever taken. He knows what he is talking about and he definitely has the experience and knowledge. His tests are so hard and impossible to pass. You have to be paying attention to each specific detail he says in class because he WILL test you on it. I get straight A's and I got a D+ with him :(
5.0 : What can i say!Doctor Sklar is not only the best math teacher ever but he is probably the best person in the history of human kind that god ever sent to this planet!(even though i believe he is actually a god).he makes math so interesting that everybody want to change their majors to Applied Math thanks to his lovely PDF lectures#SklarForPresidency
1.0 : literally just reads through the textbook in class as the lecture, really hard to follow, he's really smart but doesn't know how to transfer his knowledge to you. no point to going to class. half the class only came for tests, pretty much a self-study class, better off teaching yourself the material. not recommended if you can't teach yourself...
1.0 : just don't take class with him! he is wrong in many ways! Again if you want to learn mathematics and get good great, do one thing, just don't take class with him.
5.0 : HW: Do it, some problems found on the exam. You're given a week, if not longer, so plenty of time to ask for help. Quizzes: Every week so be on top of it. A lot of the problems on quizzes were from previous quizzes. So no excuse for getting the same question wrong twice. Exams: Pretty much just review all quizzes and HW. Do that &amp; you'll get an A.
4.0 : This professor was actually helpful and very nice. He let us use cheat sheet, set office hours when students need to talk to him, and extend dead line of homework if students can't finish. Also, when I needed a reference to apply for graduate school, he was happy to help me although my major adviser didn't want to. How nice he is!
1.0 : He's like a grandpa so you can't really hate him, but... How the class works: 30 min finding his PowerPoint, 30 talking about.. who knows, 10 not knowing the answers to questions from confused students. The whole semester is like this! Even not passing a quiz, he will pass you if you show up and do the hw. or put a nice cover page on your project.
1.0 : This professor is horrible. We're halfway through the semester and really haven't learned anything. There is no structure and is a class where you are going to teach yourself. We are also supposed to have access to software to do our homework and projects, but we still don't. This is the absolute worst class I have ever taken.
1.0 : Do not take her run!
1.0 : awful
1.0 : J. Lau is not adept with technology.  Her choice of text is poor.  She lacks public speaking skills.  Her scoring on tests is awkward.  The way she takes roll is redundant.  Avoid her Film History course.  There are much better professors out there.  Ask people about her.
1.0 : No no no no no! don't take her! Avoid if you can!
4.0 : The class was enjoyable with mostly interesting film selection. The tests were heavily based on class readings, so make sure you do the readings weekly, otherwise you will have a hard time catching up. Some of the readings were challenging, but were discussed in class.  Attendance was mandatory. The professor was cool.
1.0 : Often missed class and appeared not to care. Too concerned with her own preferences rather than helping others to develop their voices. Her advice regarding agents was, literally, taken out of a book. If you want to learn the craft or gain insight into it, this is not the class to take.
3.0 : I'm not a cinema major but needed a 1 unit class since I was short 1 unit. The weekend class was manageable and the guest, Dody Dorn, was great.
4.0 : Casey is cool, laid back, &amp; very passionate about the subject. He gives 2 midterms, a final (non-cum) 8-11 double spaced page paper on any Egypt subject &amp; a short group prest. The class does take a lot of reading &amp; he does ask questions like others have mentioned, but you should be good if you take down answers &amp; study them. You'll learn alot.
4.0 : He's a super cool guy that runs a pretty classic college lecture class. Each class consists of reading the textbook, then pausing to elaborate &amp; discuss what was read. He likes when students engage &amp; answer q's on the assigned readings, but doesn't strictly enforce it. Not work-driven so I learned a lot! Grading system was eh though...
3.5 : His class is very interesting. I enjoyed his lectures. To pass his class you have to do the readings and participate. There are 2 exams and a 10 page research paper. I HIGHLY recommend that you start on it asap. You have the whole semester to do it. But don't wait till the last min to do it like I did. Trust me.
2.0 : Casey is not a bad guy. Very intellectual and passionate about African American studies, but not engaging in a classroom environment. I did not learn effectively. He should put the study guides online to follow along with while reading. I respect him as a person, but he's misguided as a professor. Two exams, and a 10-page paper that's pretty open.
5.0 : Dr. Martin is an excellent teacher. I think some of these negative reviews come from lazy bums who didnt want to do the work in an education course! This professor is clear about expectations and thoroughly reviews chapters reviewed. She is also approachable and you can always ask her about your grades and extra credit. She is a must have!!
1.0 : Horrible. treats students like babies with  mandatory attendance if you want participation points. She is unclear with her teaching and makes the students teach themselves so they learn it wrong and then have to try and relearn it from her but she just makes you do more work. HW is online like how am I supposed to show work on a word document?
1.0 : Dr. Lee reminded me of a grandmother so I couldn't completely dislike her. Her methods are questionable. For example, she assigned work before teaching it so essentially you were your own teacher but she still made class mandatory. Her lectures were unclear and confusing a lot of the times. I heard this subject was easy but it was anything but.
1.0 : He's the worst teacher. Knows a lot about FIN but has no idea how to teach. Lectures for about 45min every class. Attendance and reading the book are useless. Extremely confusing and unclear about everything. Luckily this class is just an extension of 350. Tried to teach myself, but the exams are based off things not in the book or in his lectures.
1.0 : Probably the WORST professor I have every taken. He is very knowledgeable of the subject, however, he is probably the last person you would want to learn from. Lectures consist of him reading off Microsoft word and he always disagrees with the book. Allows a cheat sheet for exams, but will be useless because his questions are impossible to study fo
1.0 : He cannot teach. That is all I am going to say.
1.0 : Extremely difficult person to work with. Doesn't take students' suggestions on how to make the course better into consideration. Doesn't give out any study guides, nor does he tell you what will be on any of the exams. Doesn't tell you what your grade is throughout the semester, so you are kind of in the blind until very end. Lectures are pointless
1.0 : Terrible Terrible Professor. I have to take the class with him because i have no choice for another professor. Avoid his class at all cost. Your life will be an nightmare if you take the class with him. You don't know what is your grade throughout the semester. You are on your own if you take the class with him. Going class is a waste anyways.
1.0 : No study guides, no practice questions, no reviews before any of the exams! Rashes through lectures (let's the class out half way through.) Has no clue how to use a computer, gets lost in his explanations himself! Doesn't go over the HW problems. Tests are tricky, and have nothing to do with what he talks about in class.  Waste of time &amp; money!
1.0 : First exam was compromised (someone had a copy from another section), and he left for good 15-20 minutes during the exam to go get coffee... Second exam was 70 multiple choice questions (he didn't know how to use the scantron machine, so it only counted the first 50, and the not the back side).  He needs to be at a retirement home... Not teach!
1.0 : I'm pretty sure this man was the first life form to walk on land. Shuffles into class only to provide horrible lectures, hard tests, and no real information on any subjects. He will not help clarify anything regarding the class, so don't even bother. HW is also useless as it isn't relevant to his tests. RIP to those who get stuck with him.
1.0 : Though Professor Barker chooses great texts for her course, her lectures are not very well thought out. She is not the most friendly professor, and doesn't always answer questions in the most kindest way (which kind of matters when engaging students). She is also and unreasonably tough grader. Do not take her.
1.0 : An extremely boring teacher who's notes are all over the place. He tends to ask questions that no one answers. He tends to ramble on about random stuff at times. He can be helpful when you ask him questions or go to him personally.  There is no homework or final, only a written paper assignment near the end of the class which is only a few papers.
1.0 : He's a terrible teacher. Doesn't explain things well at all. Every example is about his cat and he is very confusing. Scribbles his lectures on a small white board and his handwriting is extremely difficult to read. The class is boring and you have to reteach yourself the material from the book or you won't get it. Tests are also difficult.
2.5 : He's not too terrible. You pay attention and read the readings you'll pass. His class though is dry, boring, and there no online power points. With that said, most of the course is easy if you can read and pay attention. It's just the class is structured for you to do the opposite.
4.5 : Professor Hom is an amazing professor. His lectures are very engaging. He is really a very high level professor that one might expect to find at a place like Stanford. Maybe SFSU students do not appreciate his wisdom and wit.
3.0 : I took Hom's AAS 320 coz I need to fulfil my Upper Div GE and passed the class with an A, but his lectures are boring.
2.0 : I honestly have a hard time writing a good review about Professor Hom. His teaching style is very outdated and hard to work with. He rarely replies to emails, and office hours aren't much help either. If you get a bad grade on an assignment, he gives no constructive feedback to better your writing. He's a very nice man, but a difficult professor.
1.5 : I took the AAS 320 for UD requirement and probably the most work GE class u will get. 5 writing assignments each required u to read 30 to 50 pages in the reader, he doesn't tell u what to write neither. A book critique(6 to 8 pages) for 2 books. 3 pop quiz which he will never tell u what is on it except the date. No finals.
1.0 : He is the worst professor I have ever had. The materials and the lectures are super boring and offensive, grading criteria really not clear and basically no comments which can help you improve. He is also very mean to students, random presentations and he interrupts students many times. Run fast because he doesn't even let you withdrawal.
1.0 : I was assigned to take her as a lab instructor. You are better off taking a different instructor. 0/5 would be her score as a instructor. Grades hard for no reason and, if you ask her a question, she will just smile and reads off the manual. Class is HARD and you can't understand her. During labs, she would leave the class to talk to the bank.
1.0 : If you are taking her class, GOOD LUCK! Prepare to do experiments with no instruction and read your lab manual. Don't bother asking her questions because she doesn't know the answers either. Drop the class and get a different lab instructor. She was assigned to teach my section and I should've listened to others when they warned me. Must AVOID!
1.0 : Awful instructor. She creates more stress than needed and you do not want to anger her. If you have her for your supervisor she assigns more workload for you by making unnecessary suggestions to your master teacher(s). AVOID
1.0 : Likes to hear sound of own voice.  She told a lot stories about 'famous' people she knew and how she was always in demand from other areas/schools.  Didn't even bother to show up for graduation like the other seminar leaders did.  I received an A but she grades some folks unfairly who didn't agree with her take on things.
1.0 : 10 out of 10 would NOT recommend taking this class. I believe this was the first time  this class was offered online and it was very unorganized. The professor posts the work but doesn't give clear and up to date instructions.  I feel like we went the whole semester without much work until the very last week when he posted everything.
1.5 : Avoid taking this professor at all cost. Dr. William is the least clear professor at SFSU. He less likely to respond to your emails about questions you have about the assignment. Note that this professor has not taught a class in 6 years. If you chose to take him I would strongly recommend that you visit his office hours to answer questions
1.0 : Ana is probably the worst teacher I have ever had at state. She was unclear with her directions and if you asked questions she looked at you as if you were stupid. Need to attend office hours if you want to get a decent grade for her lab. Rude, mean, and made class unbearable to attend.
4.0 : She has very high expectations and the class is difficult, but very worthwhile. A lot of time is dedicated to labs and fieldtrips, which makes a good change from sitting in a classroom. If you're interested in doing undergrad research, she's extremely helpful in finding opportunities for you. She has time for everyone, despite being so busy.
3.0 : He is nice
4.0 : he is a good and cool professor!
1.0 : he's so unorganized! he doesn't update submissions on ilearn (he'll say something's due on thursday but ilearn says tuesday) so the class gets confused and it'll say overdue. in another class, he assigned a group project but only 2 per group and the workload was a lot! he also made it due a week early just to fit in with schedule. DON'T TAKE HIM!!!
1.0 : Continuation from the previous post. I'm also in his 300 class. He gave us a course reader exam WHEN WE NEVER EVEN KNEW WE HAD A COURSE READER UNTIL LIKE THE LAST MONTH OF THE SEMESTER, AND IT WAS OVER 100 PAGES!! What professor gives you an exam for something that big at the last minute?? Should have told us on the first day!! How unprofessional!!
1.0 : NO, JUST NO. PLEASE GOD.
1.5 : His class wasn't much of a learning experience, most assignments are irrelevant to what you'll do as a designer. He rambles on and shows websites/slide presentations instead of really teaching. He gets mad if you have poor attendance. Just do all the assignments and show up to class almost every day and you'll do fine.
1.0 : Nice guy not a very good teacher, David Cox needs to go back to school himself,  he does not have a great understanding of the topics he's teaching, so when you ask questions he responds with a lot of uhms and i don't knows. Not a lot of student teacher interaction a lot of irrelevant material. This was basically a self taught course.
1.0 : Not a nice person. Not a good teacher. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT.
2.0 : Took his design history class which is ALL lectures. Cox is a nice and cool guy, but his lectures are long, boring, and unengaging. He gives out Q&amp;A homework every week. Most of the learning comes from reading the dry textbook and answering his questions. Easy to pass, just show up and do the homework.
1.0 : I do not understand how she graded students papers. She do not explain how to developed a policy paper. Everyone in class have a hard time to do that paper. She is rude women hard to approach her for asking questions.
1.0 : The worst teacher at SFSU! Not very knowledgeable, said the wrong thing several times. Doesn't explain the material. Harsh grader. Not helpful.
4.0 : Garfield is an excellent skills instructor. He is an easy grader, and really wants you to feel comfortable with skills. Attendance is mandatory; be on time! Take lots of notes, and get a good lab partner to practice with. Overall, an enjoyable class.
2.5 : 2 exams with open book &amp; notes, 4 HW assignments. Boring but it was straightforward.
2.5 : I didn't learn much from him. He is boring. I really give you a lecture. Sometime he miss a few classes. He takes attendance.
2.5 : This class was very interesting and is unfortunate it must be taken with 606. I learned a great deal from this class. Karla was warm, friendly and gave great feedback. The only criticism I would give is that I wish she would keep her comments until after everyone else has given critiques.
4.0 : I don't understand why all of the comments are so negative. The class is hard and the exams are all conceptual. But she is nice and interesting. She gives a clear research examples for every theory that is discussed. You have to study but she knows what she is talking about. Take her class if you're actually interested in learning social psych.
1.5 : I was very disappointed with this class. Intro to psych happens to be a very vague subject and she is also very vague herself. When studying for tests I learned more from watching videos on YouTube as well as reading articles, but it wasn't enough. Save yourself the W and do not take this class.
1.5 : This guy sucks. He just blurts out information for three straight hours and makes no connections to the student. He spends a lot of the class time reciting quotes that seem disconnected from the lecture and really doesn't care about your learning. DONT TAKE THIS CLASS
1.0 : BRUTAL. 3 hour night class in which class is totally irrelevant to actually learning material. I love history but this guy just kills any interest in what should be an easy class to get students interested. The worst! My guess is he's teaching because they can't find anyone else. Night classes should have your best teachers; not your worst!
1.0 : so damn boring help
1.0 : Such an awful class. He seems like an ok guy for the most part but he doesn't have a clue what he's doing.
1.5 : Gosh! This class is three hours long at night and super boring. I can tell he enjoys history and could go on about it forever, but he has no flow, for a lack of better words. We write in class essays for the midterm and makes the questions more complicated than they need to be.He speaks like he's reading from notes, and not like he knows his stuff.
3.0 : A lot of health topics are packed into this class which may make it seem disorganized, but that is the decision of the nursing program. Dr. Pope listened to our concerns and provided a study guide that prepared us for the final.  He is a good resource for geriatrics and social and economic factors affecting health.
1.0 : Worst professor ever.  Does not teach you anything.  Does not care about the students.  I dont know how he became a professor.  If i could give a 0, i would.
1.0 : Horrible professor, not helpful  at all and exams are hard. You will be lucky to pass with a C, avoid. Hard grader, his exams are not all from the slides.
1.0 : Not very helpful, even when you ask for help.
1.0 : hard exams and quizzes, hard to understand the concepts
1.0 : Not very clear so exams are pretty hard. Not willing to help students at all. Unless u really understand this subject, take different professor.
1.0 : he should give more extra credit to boost up peoples grades, since its a bit hard. Exam= need to understand the concept to do really well
1.0 : Professor not willing to help you with anything, whenever you ask him questions, he will only have one word answers. Avoid if possible. He is a hard grader on exams and projects.
3.0 : This class was incredibly easy if you show up to class, if you don't it's a bit tougher. 6 quizzes/responses, one ppt and 4 exams. Everything is through iLearn and Friday lectures are online. I would definitely recommend taking him.
1.0 : Hard exams and quizzes, have to understand concept to get good grades. Maybe if he was a easier grade on the PowerPoint assignment.
3.0 : To do well on the exams, USE THE SLIDES. Sometimes it seems like stuff isn't on there, but mostly it is. Just use Ctrl F and type in what you're looking for... Do that and it's an easy class!
1.0 : I honestly learned more from the textbook than her lectures. Most of class consisted of "discussions", she expects students to volunteer and express their knowledge and opinions on the lengthy readings she assigns. She's nice, but the way she teaches the material is ineffective .
1.0 : Do not take this class because you will not get anything out of it. You will barely learn anything in this class as she is VERY disorganized and very unhelpful. I absolutely dreaded going to this class so much to the point where i just didn't go at all. It was so pointless to go...I just did the midterm and final (all bs) and passed with a B.
2.0 : She is a nice women, easy to talk to. Her lectures were unclear, hard to follow a long. Her class consisted of group work, reading and participation. I honesty read a few chapters  of the book to get me through the Midterm and final. It's an easy class.
2.5 : I would have liked to have more in class examples worked out on the board. The class overall to me was interesting and I learned a lot it was just really long.
2.0 : I hope sfsu splits up the 3 hr long accounting classes.While this class was hard and I did read the text book a lot to learn the professor wasn't all that bad. He tried to help us.
2.0 : First off the text used in class "Financial Accounting by Weygandt &amp; Kieso was way too much useless information combined with the test info. The problems at the end of the chapter were poorly laid out. Morgan Uptergrove became a better teacher as the semester progressed and I thank him for stepping his teaching style up. More test examples.
1.0 : I've never in my life have gotten an F until I took this class. I agree with all the reviews on this page. He is not a good professor he lacks energy. One time he ben said in class he "rather be home watching the game" He isn't doing charity work. He's getting paid. Not happy with how he scales your grade. The book is way complicated. He's just bad
1.0 : this teacher is the worst
1.0 : Poor excuse for a professor. More than half the class failed.
1.0 : all these comments are accurate the only reason i got an A- was that i used the online Interactive Tutorial that came with the book. That machine his a much better teacher than he is and that says something
1.0 : He basically just reviews what you read from the book. Does not explain anything and does not make an effort to try and help students out. I failed the class and I have to take it again definitely not with him though. I do agree that an accounting class shouldn't be 3 hours long. I would take it with a different professor and a different time frame
4.5 : Professor does care about his students. Make sure you go to class there are extra credit opportunities. 4 test dropped lowest. Pop quizzes, won't harm grade, it will only add the correct points. Highly recommend for a three hour class. Accounting is hard subject so study.
4.5 : I was scared to take Prof. Uptergroove due to the comments below, but with no other choice I added his class and it was probably the best decision ever. He was  very helpful and a lot of extra credit to make up. Very EASY! Just go to class because he will give you the answers for the exams!! :)
1.0 : The classes are useless.  I took this class thinking he couldn't be as bad as the reviews said he was, but he really is.  Not worth taking this professor.
1.0 : Don't take him. Worst professor I've ever had at state. I never write reviews but he sucked so much I felt compelled to. The homework is due before he teaches the material. Then he gets mad if you ask him for clarification.
1.0 : Absolutely awful. He cannot communicate well with students - I seriously feel as though I didn't learn a single thing this entire semester. He was forced to curve every test grade due to low scores....I highly recommend anybody but this guy. You have been warned.
2.0 : Attendance is not mandatory but you should go to every class to really understand the lecture, get extra credit for answering questions, and to see what kind of problems will be on the exam. He curves a lot. For tests, I would go over how to do all the JEs he went over, skim some vocab in the book, and make sure you take good notes during class.
1.5 : Interesting movies but they were definitely his choices because he had something to say about every single one. Very one-sided and opinionated. Not hard at all though.
1.0 : She has absolutely no structure in her course. She asks students what they want to hear about and goes with that. No tests, no quizzes. Attendance is mandatory. She'll reduce your grade if you miss one single class. It's a shame O'Donnell doesn't teach this class any more. Don't waste you time with this class. You don't learn anything new!
2.0 : Boring class, teacher stutters a lot making it difficult to understand him. There's 1 quiz every week following some readings online. 1 midterm and 1 take home final. It's a whatever type of class.
1.0 : So fast when he teaches us. You will not understand the What is going on in the class. The course is easy but not with him. Avoid his class as you can.
1.0 : The teacher would start teaching not letting us know what chapter or what section he was on. This was a constant struggle in this course really wish I choose a different instructor.
1.0 : This guy is thee WORST PROFESSOR. AVOID!! Does not help, he's a giant push over, very condescending, and he sweats like crazy. Goes by the program SFSU is doing for remedial classes; gives you activities and expects you to learn the material. WILL NOT TEACH YOU! AVOID!!! Does not CARE if you are part of DPRC on disabled accommodations!
1.0 : Worst teacher I have ever had. EVER. He does not explain things at all. If you ask him a question he will answer your question with another question. Last time I checked this was math NOT philosophy.!!!! Oh when you want an update of your grade, he wont give it to you. He ignores emails and wont tell you your grade. Steer clear from this one
1.0 : Worst teacher ever!!! I do NOT recommend him at all! He never put any grades in online, and when you e-mailed him to ask what your grade was in the class he would never respond. His homework is impossible to get a good grade on and I have never regretted taking a class more in my life!
2.0 : Readings didn't match up with lectures or tests or anything else. Offered a ton of extra credit, to make up for poor test grades. Heavy on meds, know them! Picks on students that don't know things in class in front of everyone. Goes over ppts &amp; says "you should've gotten this in clinical" also her answer for the things that are on tests.
1.0 : This class was so confusing. I did not have enough time to read the required readings and do the lengthy assignments each week. The instructions for assignments were also very confusing. The final project guidelines were very vague, which made it hard to figure out what she expected from us.
1.5 : He is one of the worst professors in sfsu. Don't expect help from him at all. AVOID at all costs.
2.0 : This class is a required for my teaching credential. Unfortunately it focuses primarily on High School age kids and ELL's. The insight to ELL's is great. The survey of injustice in the education system to marginalized groups is enlightening, though many readings are outdated by 20 years. The assignments are heavy and notrelevant. Hate this class.
2.0 : I took this class as a requirement for my credential in special education. It was useless in helping me teach students WITHOUT disabilities how to read. His passion is educating students who are English language learners, but this isn't the sort of preparation we need to pass the RICA. Don't take this class!
2.0 : Jasdeep's heart is in the right place but has a way to go to be a better teacher. He was constrained in how much he was willing to help us, but this got better later in the course.
1.0 : He's not very interested in the subject, or at least in teaching it.
1.0 : His class takes FOREVER!!! Supposed to end at 3:55, I left at 4:03 and he was STILL LECTURING without any sign of ending. I need to get to another class, I do NOT have time for this!!
1.0 : It was OK during 2nd midterm exam, it was mandatory teachers evaluation period . Don't take him... if you don't have any chose. hws are not mandatory but try to understand it that could be or similar on your quiz or midterm exams. The Project will help you to understand the subject a lot but I was wondering if he ever changed the project
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS! he doesn't care about the students or his lecture. He is very arrogant and he does not upload the HW solutions so you never know if your process is correct or not. He is not willing to help anyone and he does not know how to teach. He spoon-feeds the students and expect them to know everything without him trying. STAY AWAY!
2.0 : Bree is a very smart individual but is a new post doc and she will constantly talk about UCSF. She is a hard grader for no reason. Too much work. You can't digest any information because she drowns you in work. Don't take her! She can be very rude at times and you can tell she's only teaching for extra cash, not for the love of teaching. BEWARE!!
2.0 : She is a tough grader and her lectures are weird and gives weird analogies which u barely can understand.  her exams are hard and her exam wording is very very very very confusing.  u need to to her lecture to make sure what she is talking about.  if u rely on her lectures u wont pass. read read read read read the book that she says she doesn't use
2.0 : Doesn't know what shes doing, looks lost in lecture, she gives a 1 and a half hour exam in a time of one hour.
1.5 : The WORST professor I've ever had. I'm sure she's a great journalist, and she's a very nice person, but her class is a waste of time (we watched so many videos and did so much repetitive stuff) and she is so incredibly unclear. It's hard to pass because she doesn't explain what she wants. I feel very unprepared for my next classes in journalism.
1.5 : You could make me read Chinese and I would still learn more from that than this class. Completely unclear and directionless. She makes you watch tutorials online about what to do instead of actively trying to teach it. This was the only section offered, but take this class with anyone else if you can.
1.5 : It is too bad I've had such a horrible experience in this class, because I was looking forward to taking away valuable skills that I'm going to need moving forward. She is nice enough, but this class is THE biggest waste of time. If at all possible, get another professor for this class.
1.5 : She could have been more organized.  We spent weeks on one subject and I felt like I was not learning at all. She expects us to teach ourselves. I feel like I wasted my money because I relied on YouTube tutorials. She isn't clear, very vague with directions. Ask questions and you'll get attitude.
2.0 : She's a nice lady and passionate about journalism, but has no clue how to teach. She's the most disorganized professor I've ever had.  She just rambled about stuff the whole class. At the end, many in our class didn't learned much.  It was a waste of time and money. She's never clear and that's what was most frustrating.  I wish her the best tho.
1.0 : This class has been one of the most dull classes I have ever taken. Hes pretty awkward and while he's lecturing you can see him struggle and he would constantly refer to his textbook and phone to try to grasp whatever concept he is trying to "teach us". The only way to pass this class is to self study and do well on the quizzes. hw is online.
2.5 : Professor Zhang's lectures are very boring. He misinterprets uninterest as understanding, and he blazes through the book (two to three sections in a lecture). Quizzes were handed out almost daily, but they were group quizzes, so make friends ASAP. You have to teach yourself a lot of the material on your own, so be prepared for that.
2.0 : This class was pretty all over the place but he is not bad. He is a student too so he is pretty busy. He is nice if you come to him for help. The majority of the class is group work but I learned better asking the prof for guidance. There is hw but it's pretty easy. I don't regret taking this class, he taught me enough to understand the material.
1.0 : Sitting it his class right now as we speak and he's honestly the worst teacher ever. As a matter of fact, he's not even a teacher. He expects us to teach our selves in groups while our group members have no idea what's going on either. Don't take a course with him after 4 cuz otherwise he may be lit. HORRIBLE TEACHER.
1.0 : He is the worst teacher I've ever had. Hi doesn't explain clearly, and always change his mind. If you ask him for help, you will get more confused. When there are more easiest ways to solve an equation or problem, he will teach in a hard way to get the answer that sometimes you won't understand.
1.0 : Marks an attractive young math wiz, but a horrible teacher. He doesnt know how to lead a group, let alone a class. He will not answer questions UNLESS you go to office hours. Mark is obviously not there for his student, but rather the paycheck. Your gonna learn from the book, and "get challenged" on the test.  Good luck is all i can say about him..
1.5 : He is not a hard teacher but he is a bad teacher. I don't think teaching was his passion, but he does know what he is talking about. The exams and homework aren't too hard and the exams are based on the homework, but I grade him badly mainly for unavailability and bad system for returning HW and grading. Not many option for this class thought.
4.0 : Really nice guy. Very helpful, there if you need him. He wants you to do good and does what he can to make that happen.
1.0 : People who are good at things aren't always good at teaching. He seems like a good engineer, but he shouldn't be teaching engineers.  There is nothing you can learn from him that you couldn't learn on your own except not to take his class.  Copies examples from book! Tests aren't like whats written on board or what he teaches which are the examples
1.0 : Worst ever. Limited English, bad handwriting, no social skills.  Mad because his job is teaching Statics at SFSU. Big talk on what a great Fluid Dynamics expert he is.  Talks down to us because we're not at UC or Stanford.  Weekly rant topics included suicide, nuclear war, and serial killers. No Statics content beyond solutions copied from book.
1.0 : While Dr. Tan's demeanor and presentation have improved, his methods and grading criteria are still weak. Lectures are him showing off his math chops with proofs and derivations beyond class scope. But exams are application-based, an area which Tan struggles to explain.  Summarized in his own words "I pretend to teach, and you pretend to learn."
1.0 : I think he is a good engineer but for sure not a good teacher. He expects everyone to know the stuff before he even teaches. He copies the examples from the book and does not even elaborate on those examples. Please avoid taking him.
1.0 : Avoid.  No substantial lectures, just a combination of ranting and copying SAMPLES from the book with no explanation of ideas.  Very poor english, bad writing(sigma looks like G), terrible drawings(had to bring the textbook to class to follow along).  Tests are closed book with a 1 page cheat sheet.  Homework and tests are mostly unrelated
1.0 : Here is how he curves (at least for me in dynamics), he took my course final grade and made that score my test average (same for midterms and final) and then for all the home work assignments that I turned in he set the score to 100%.
1.0 : Worst Lab TA I ever encountered in sfsu. He doesn't explain anything in the manual so don't expect to finish your lab successfully. When you try to ask him, he talks about a completely different subject which makes you more confused. He has a sloppy handwriting but expects you to write neatly. He's also a tough grader especially formal reports.
2.0 : AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Worst TA ever. I worked hard for lab reports and got bad grades.
1.5 : Between constant typos (strategically placed in sections crucial to understanding the experiment), misleading instructions, and inability to communicate clearly, I would honestly say that she is the worst professorlecturerlab instructor I've had. And I'm not one to complain. And she has no idea what teaching strategies are conducive to learning.
1.0 : DO. NOT. Even think about taking him. He is rude, mean, and takes his crappy GE class way too seriously. Assigns more work than any of my other teachers, doesn't explain himself, and is one of those picky graders who loves marking things off. I would pay unlimited $ to pass and be out of this god forsaken class.
1.0 : Literally the most selfish, conceited a hole in the world. Turned in 10 of his 14 students for p, not a single one understood why, and he refused to explain. Make him question his own power, and he will literally not hesitate to fail everyone. Mean and uncaring. I normally love my professors but he is certainly a special kind of person.
1.0 : Nellie made us buy our syllabus. She also read off her slides which reflected nothing on the tests, so her lectures were pointless. Our first exam, the average score was an F. The highest grade being a D. She is a nice person, but a horrible grader. Her instructions are unclear. When she marks off points it is normally because of unclear directions
1.0 : One of the worst classes I've ever had to take. Unfortunately she is the only teacher that teaches this class. Everything she says is like, "what did  you just say?" good luck if you need to take this class. You will be confused the entire semester. Do all of the work and you'll be fine though.
1.0 : Alicia is one of the worst teachers I have had. She is unclear. Someone else should be teaching this class instead of her.
2.0 : Took this class because I thought it might be interesting but I never really understood much of the content. You could tell he's passionate about philosophy but he teaches as if you already know the topic and writes notes messy on the board.
2.0 : do not take this class. the class average is at a D and he even admits it is a hard class. so unless you're major requires or is into political/social phil, don't go through the stress. however, if you are an extremely good reader then maybe. there a quizzes daily in class maybe like 3 or 4. so you can't skip either. hw every night.
1.0 : She cannot lecture and does not care about he students nor the subject. She does not invite questions or discussion and her study guides are useless making the tests difficult.
4.0 : This class is really what you make of it. You don't show up to lectures? You won't understand the material. Sure, her lectures are long, but EVERYTHING that is said in lecture is what you need to know for tests! I went to class everyday, took notes, hardly studied for any of the 4 tests, didn't even look open the book &amp; got an A. Simple as that.
1.0 : She will literally spend every lecture of every class standing in the front of the class reading from a textbook, word for word. She never once gives anything close to a riveting, or even somewhat interesting, lesson and it makes me quite sad because I am sure that the content is fascinating.... Just not the way I would chose to be taught.
1.0 : Very boring class. She reads out of a book and is very monotone with her lectures. You can tell she doesn't really care about teaching or what we are learning.
2.0 : She is very monotone on her lectures, making a fairly interesting subject, actually pretty boring. The class is easy thigh, she posts all lecture slides online, and she just reads off the slides so you can skip classes if you want and still get a decent grade.
3.0 : The lectures are long and you easily get bored. Total of 4 exams (includes final) plus 15% of your grade is participation. Overall a difficult class not many people did well on the exams. Class average was 67%. She drops lowest exam grade and replaces it with your final exam grade. Get ready to study really hard if you want to pass this class.
1.0 : GIVES WAY TOO MANY ASSIGNMENTS AND GIVES ZERO FEEDBACK ON ANY OF THEM. HIS ASSIGNMENTS AND DIRECTIONS ARE SO CONFUSING THAT HE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT WE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE DOING DURING CLASSTIME. THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE A FUNDAMENTALS CLASS BUT HE DOES NOT TEACH ANY TECHNIQUES, BASICS, OR ANYTHING OF THE SORT. THE MOST FRUSTRATING "PROFESSOR" EVER.
2.0 : He doesn't very much at all, more so just hands out group activities and leaves us alone for 20 minutes. He would get upset if we didn't understand the work, even though he barely taught us. Class felt like a joke, because we basically sat through nothing for 50 minutes. No notes, barely a lecture, and online homework that didn't match group work.
1.0 : Do not take his class. I'm not saying that it was hard, but he was not a good teacher. His lectures were all about the homework he assigned, nothing else, and the three test he gave, including the final, had nothing to do with the homework. Every time he would come to class it looked like he didn't want to be there, gave of bad vides.
4.0 : Read the textbook, do homework, and do the review for the midterms
2.0 : Don't take this teacher. We took two test and both times the class average was 64%. What you take notes on in class is not on the homework and what you do on the homework is not on the final. Worst class ever.
1.0 : I hardly went to class. Super hard to understand, the homework has nothing to do with what is going on in class. I don't recommend him, it was hard to learn from. Took about 3 tests, homework every day, but he gave you 2 says to complete it, which was nice of him. He would teach better during office hours.
1.0 : Don't take him unless you have to.
2.0 : Disorganized with assignments and due dates, they are not clearly stated on syllabus &amp; constantly changing. Unclear about some assignments, but is very particular about what she wants. Makes you buy  "the reader" that she published but doesn't really use it. Be prepared to do a lot of tedious homework and to check "ilearn" constantly.
1.0 : Dr. Rudolph means well, but he comes across as very condescending and rude. He will ask you a complex, multilayered question, then interrupt your answer 5 words in. His language confuses rather than clarifies it's more market research-esque than IR-like. Huge fan of EverNote, which presented a series of hoops through which to unnecessarily jump.
1.0 : My Lord. In 19 years of public school I have never had a teacher as bad as this guy. He interrupts everyone, goes off on random tangents, using vocabulary that only confuses. I cannot even begin to give you a sense as to how he teaches. All I will say, is my highest recommendation is that you do not take him for any class.  Please head my warning.
1.0 : I only have two regrets in life: not wearing a condom, and taking this class.
1.0 : Professor just lectures all day for the 2 hour and 45 minute period. I hope you enjoy weekly bulk reading because this class is full of them! Oh, do you enjoy weekly quizzes on said reading material? Great! This class is definitely for you. While his teaching "method" (or lack there of) may work for some students, it definitely does NOT work for me
1.0 : I definitely do not recommend taking this professor unless you have no other option. I did not learn anything in this class. I relied on the textbook but the stuff he used on the test are COMPLETELY different from what was on the test. Please Avoid.
4.5 : Really engaging lecturer. Very helpful during office hours. Not the most interesting topic, but he made it click.
1.0 : The tests are off topic according to what he taught in class. He gives harsh grades. Stay away.
1.0 : This class was extremely boring and this teacher was not very engaging. I don't have a problem with thick accents but his accent made it hard to understand what he was teaching. Tests were completely different than what he taught in class and he is perfectly fine failing students. If you have a hard time with economics STAY AWAY from this teacher.
1.0 : the grade would be very low, is you want to get a good grade in this crouse, never take his class!
2.0 : It doesn't seem like he's caught up with putting in grades, ever. He really doesn't have a problem failing anyone. His lectures are hard to listen to and not engaging, rather than a lecture, it is more like a rambling but not teaching. Tests is not much like the homework. Tries to squeeze in topics like the last two minutes.
4.0 : Generally a friendly teacher. Lectures get a little boring sometimes, but he gets hilarious sometimes too. Tests are really not that hard if you actually study,but be prepared for a bad grade if you didn't prepare.
1.0 : Avoid at all cost. His tests are not the same as his lectures
1.0 : If you decide to take this professor, I suggest paying attention to very small details because he will throw them into the test instead of the bigger topic on the power points. Grading criteria is straight forward, but beware his difficult exams. He also does not allow calculators for exams which you must prepare to calculate percentages.
2.0 : This professor is really hard to understand, and his lectures are different from his tests. The tests are very hard (little to no multiple choice) and he grades hard. Luckily he is very nice if you approach him outside of class, but I don't recommend him at all.
1.0 : Laughs and talks to himself during lectures. Thick accent that makes it hard to hear especially in a class of 100+. Lectures and text book doesn't match up to what is on the test because they seem to be more complex than the given course material. When I dropped the class he was very respectful and nice about my decision, I almost felt bad.
2.0 : I would not recommend him, especially if you are a business major. His online homework quizzes are super easy. His online quizzes are not so easy. The worst thing are his tests. They are so hard! If you decide to take this class, take lots and lots of notes. Also so to office hours or tutoring if you do not understand something.
1.0 : Boy o boy this class tough. If you end up taking this class, just be prepared to sign up for another Econ class after the semester. Automatic fail
1.0 : His tests are in no way connected to the notes you take and the multiple choice questions ARE VERY COMPLEX. He goes very quick and doesn't explain the material well. He has no problem giving F's. As his favorite saying goes, "I really don't care".  AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS, I SHOULDVE DROPPED HIM WHEN I HAD THE CHANCE!!!!
1.0 : Homework - easy Quizzes - Difficult Midterms/Finals -  EXTREMELY difficult
4.0 : Honestly this class is not as hard as everyone says it is... As long as you're not LAZY and STUDY his Practice Problem Sets and really understand it the midterms will be easy. Everything in the PPS + past works are in the midterm... I do not know what people are studying, but everything I studied were on the test. This will not be a free A class.
1.0 : He is a very hard professor. His midterms don't really connect with his lectures or the problem sets that he provides. His lectures are boring and he doesn't care if everyone fails. The class average for one of his midterm was 39%. It was a tough class to take.
3.0 : You definitely have to come to class and take notes. If you skip class a lot I don't recommend taking him. He points out key topics that will be on the test, so make sure you attend class. Overall if you understand the homework problems he assigns and the main idea of the concepts he teaches and study the material you'll pass.
1.0 : terrible. i wish i could put 0 for all of these. he didnt care about his students. told us we didnt need a book but he didnt teach us much. waste of time and tuition money.
1.5 : He glossed over terms/concepts that he should've taught us &amp; then based the exams on these. He never had an enlightening lecture. He showed really good videos but that's it. This man clearly had no experience in teaching but wanted to turn around and have experience in grading. I doubt anyone got an A. His 1st &amp; last semester at state. Hallelujah!
2.5 : Not that History is my best subject but his class was pretty hard overall compared to any other history class. For one, his long lectures had almost nothing to do with the work needed to pass and the homework was useless. He makes you write weird assignments that are to hard to make an amazing paper out of. His class was a bother to go to everyday
2.5 : Steven is a pretty cool professor, however, lectures are very long and detailed. Make sure to keep up with online homework and papers! This course was more based of your opinion and trying to prove it and explain its significance, rather than the book.
1.0 : I am a history major and I feel like I am good at history as well as having a personal interest in it. But Haris was so boring! He puts everyone to sleep with his long somnolent lectures featuring every boring detail you didn't need to know about every treaty, but no useful generalization, no broad strokes. Very smart man; very poor professor.
1.0 : Steven is a nice man and he tries to be friendly and connect with the students. But I don't know if it's the generation gap or just how boring his class is, but its usually not too good. He's a tought grader but worse than that he doesn't tell you what you need to do to get an A. He also should show more films or something other than boring lecture
3.0 : You can tell that he has a passion for history, but he seems like the person that would be better to have a conversation one on one with instead of having him as a professor. My biggest complaint is that he did not give good feedback about the big paper, he told me that only one thing needed to be changed (which I did) but yet I still got a B on it
1.0 : Very very boring. SFSU has some great history professors and some terrible ones, and this guy must have been doing it for too long, because he's very boring, hard to communicate with, and doesn't give good feedback on papers.
1.5 : In total there were around 5 mini essay's , but he does not give a clear description of what he wants. He grades the essay out of 5. Final paper 12-15 pages, you would think the rough draft he will tell you what you are doing wrong, but all he would say is good job, he does not give good feedback, and makes everything harder than it has to be.
1.0 : If your a history major then its not bad but if you are taking it as an upper division GE, don't!
2.5 : Professor Harris is obviously very knowledgeable and he's a nice guy, but he is just not suited for a lower division history course. The lectures were unbearably boring and long. There were assignments due every week, but the due dates were very inconsistent leading to missed work. If you need GE credits, take a different class.
2.5 : If you want to pay for each of your projects this class is for you! I paid between 20 to 30 dollars each project. She would put you on blast right in front of the class with no respect for you. She does give good feed back but she says it in a rude way. I would pass on this class and take a different one.
1.0 : She isn't clear at all and she grades way to hard to be an art class for non art majors.
1.5 : Awful teacher! Not only does this class have more homework, quizzes, and assignments than a grad school class, but she is also a harsh grader. She assigns at least 100 pages of readings and gives pop quizzes. She is incredibly cold, belittles students, and is very difficult to approach. She does NOT provide a conducive, safe learning environment!
2.0 : The readings are really intense, and she is an extremely hard grader. She is often irritated for unknown reasons, I wouldn't recommend this professor for WGS 150
1.0 : Harsh grader, very opinionated and gets pissed if you don't do the reading which can be 100+ pages or so. Very hard class to get an A in. If you're taking this as a GE class take someone else!!!!! I feel like i learned nothing in her class and i've worked my butt off to keep a B in the class. So much reading and grading is random and harsh
1.0 : Don't take this professor! She's somewhat rude and makes sassy remarks. I enjoy women gender studies, but she makes it not enjoyable. She gives a lot of reading and grades on how she feels that day! I would ask her questions through email and she would leave a rude comment right after. Most horrible professor I've ever had here.
1.0 : Such a disappointing class. I was really excited and she made it such a bore. There were crazy reading assignments each week and had multiple pop quizzes. If you didn't have the same opinion as her she would get defensive, also the grad assistant would often correct her on things. Heard she was leaving sf but never take her class!!
1.0 : Worst professor at SFSU. Requires an appointment for office hours, reads off the lecture slides (it took us until after the first exam for her to post the lecture slides), exams aren't even based off the material (no idea where she gets her material).
2.0 : I worked incredibly hard to only receive a 'B' in this class. Please, be wary taking her class. She does not have good test transparency. The reading material is tedious and sending her communications through e-mail, she is unresponsive. She took of points for using the wrong font on her final exam with no indicative instructions. Be on your guard
1.0 : Professor Abdulhadi is every student's horror story. Terrible feedback time, her help is unhelpful. Beware of sign up deadlines there are not listed in syllabus and are enforced. Homework is long, 8-10 articles a week and required. And your book report might be on a book written in Hebrew. She also goes out of town during finals' week.
1.0 : She is not inspirational at all and lectures a lot. She sounds super tired and bored. She grades even harder on papers than English major professors do. Many failed a reflection paper about themselves. How is that even possible!? Her grading criteria looks easy but that's not the case, also her feedbacks are not as helpful either.
2.0 : Grades too hard. Not motivated at all and sounds monotoned. Papers are based on grammar and spelling and how the paper is done and organized and the info used and wording. Too difficult for a lower division class. It feels like an upper division class. Her grading is not clearly listed either because she grades extremely hard.
2.0 : she knows her stuff but not very good at teaching, students hard a hard time passing her class, not always clear, fast spaced! or make sure to read the text or work hard on the hw, hw twice a week online, 4 test and a final. lots of clicker questions in class,
1.0 : Missing one class, will lower your grade 10%  He assigns a novel and a one page paper per week, and the only question he will ask in discussion is "what do you think?" He struggles with English as a language, so it's hard to understand him. Overall, he was very disorganized and sometimes condescending. Do not take this class, I am warning you!
2.0 : Weekly: read a book + write 1-pg critical response + 1-pg creative project. He expected us to read each book 3 times IN A WEEK. Since this was the first class he ever taught, for half the semester he only gave us from M-F to do the reading &amp; assignments, but enough students complained that he extended it until Sunday PM. Totally unreasonable...
1.0 : Professor Woods cancelled at least 9 of our lectures, which were only once per week. He did not grade most assignments, assigned things and then never collected them, and is already 3 weeks late with his grades for the semester. His mind is clearly elsewhere and he needs to reevaluate whether teaching is the profession for him.
2.5 : This whole class is based on a predetermined group. If you get stuck with slackers, good luck keeping up/passing. Current event and case study presentations every class. Not much lecturing, lots of student presentations.  Also papers and online quizzes almost every week. This class requires tons of time and effort, do not take with full class load.
1.5 : She is a kind person at heart, but not so great when it comes to teaching. She doesn't stay on topic nor with syllabus. Personally, I feel that the entire class felt that she was unreasonable for multiple occasions. Not only that but she changes up the syllabus AT LEAST 1-2 a month, which only confuses you along the way. DO NOT take this class!
1.0 : WORST CLASS! Can hardly understand her, she has awful lectures ( size 12 font) in a  50 + classroom, on top of her attendance ( ie she sometimes just doesnt show up to class!)  I was really looking forward to learning, and felt my grade plummet because of this awful teacher! She does know her subject, but just doesn't know how to teach!
1.0 : Probably the worst anthro class I've had the displeasure of experiencing. Could not understand her, tests were insanely hard (calc 2 was easier!), and I think more than 60 percent of the class got less than a C.
1.0 : Work load consisted of lots of reading. No need to buy a book, he provides pdf files of the reading. Syllabus filled with detailed instructions. TOO detailed and his lectures are so repetitive that you don't understand what he wants. No matter how much time you put in, he will harshly grade you unless you answer the way he wants you to answer.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!! HE IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST EVER! like stated he grades very harshly and is not very welcoming. He is very Frank in his approach and gives assignments that are very one sided and if you do not answer the way HE wants then you will FAIL. He offers no extra credit, and he marks just about every answer wrong when you do essays
1.0 : Probably the worst professor possible. Such a hard grader. The lectures are unclear because the word usage. This online class was very difficult for me. Even though there was not a lot of homework. Try not to take this class. It is not worth your time and energy.
2.0 : Professor Camacho was the most disorganized teacher that I have ever had. Classes were a waste of my time. This class is supposed to be very passable, but he grades very harshly and does not give very good feedback. One class time, he actually spent the whole period writing an email to send to us. Take another professor if you can.
2.0 : Homeworks takes a lot of your time. Boring lectures. Criteria for end of semester group project not clear.  Tough when grading.
1.0 : She doesn't  know how to teach. It her first time teaching a class. She made a lab class to a lechture, and she talks a lot. Be ready to listen to her for three hours. She also gives homework that she didn't teach in class yet. If you are taking her class, be  ready to REGRET IT.
1.0 : Horrible! Awful! She will never answer your questions. Hard work is worthless in her class.
1.0 : The worst teacher I've ever had. A lot of homework. Her class is too boring. don't even think about taking a class with her. Trust me, You will REGRET IT
1.0 : Don't take her class! You will regret it.
1.0 : I'll start off by saying I wouldn't recommend taking this class. Her lectures are really hard to keep up with because of how fast she talks. The class consists of take home quizzes and 3 exams. She offers extra credit, but very few points per assignment. I plan on re-taking this class with a different professor.
2.0 : She goes through the lecture pretty fast, and sometimes she doesn't finish the lectures. Some of the topics covered in class were hard, and I feel she didn't spend enough time to teach them.
1.0 : She's a sweet person in general, however, teaching is just horrible. She rushes through lectures (even at times not finishing chapters), doesn't provide class exercises to practice what you just learned, exams are lengthy with never enough time to finish, accent is heavy, and extra credits are worth 2 points the most.
1.0 : Professor Chou is very nice and sweet person. She's always available and will offer help to her students. However, her lectures are very unorganized and she never finish her lectures. I felt like I didn't learn anything from her class.
1.0 : She teaches very fast and never finishes her lecture notes. She once taught a new lesson on the same day of the midterm. She has a very heavy accent and hard to understand. Not very good at explaining basic topics of accounting. You would probably be better off reading the textbook on your own. My whole class disliked her very much. Hard to get a A
1.0 : Absolutely awful in every way possible. Accent is impossible to understand, talks as fast as possible to ensure that you can not understand her, stutter on every single word. Try to pay attention in class and you will get extremely frustrated. 90% of the class failed 2nd exam and she didn't curve it. Worst professor ever and its not even close.
1.0 : I took the night class once a week. She never finishes her lecture notes for the class and starts a new chapter every week. She is very hard to understand since she has a thick accent and stutters constantly. 90% of our class failed our 2nd exam and she didn't curve it. Grade is based on 3 exams, take home quizes and attendance. No cheat sheets!
3.0 : She's a nice professor, but her lecture can sometimes be unclear as she goes through the material at a fast pace. She grades 6 take home quizzes, 2 exams, 1 final and participation. Beware her exams are quite difficult.
1.0 : Her first semester as a college professor. Chem E background. Quizzes every week. Lectures are extremely dry. She talks very quietly and whispers to the board. She makes mistakes all the time and are all caught by the students. She doesn't know how to interpret concept material and only delivers it how a textbook would.
2.0 : very tough grader. which would be fine, if she posted grades in a reasonable amount of time. we've turned in 4 essays (out of 7); still hasn't posted grades for 1st assignment. very hard to adjust your writing to get better grades when you havent seen one grade - &amp; its 7 wks into the semester! if you email her to ask about it, she is VERY rude.
1.0 : Professor Prud'homme seemed highly knowledgeable regarding American Indian law, but she seemed to place an emphasis on students' writing abilities over everything else. The course felt more like an English course with an American Indian theme rather than an American Indian Law course. She was consistently extremely slow to provide student feedback.
1.0 : i would not take this professor again
1.0 : DON'T TAKE A CLASS WITH THIS PERSON. This course is an introductory to Computer Science and taking this course with her made it impossible to learn. She posts the her lectures online, but they aren't clear and if you have no experience in CSc, it'll be very discouraging. I regret taking this course with her. She doesn't know how to teach.
3.0 : OK teacher though it is a tough subject for non-CS majors but if you attend class you can asks alot of questions to clear up anything. Answers email promptly and has office hours so if you put in the effort you can pass. Even though it is just an intro you do need to study the material.
2.0 : Easy grader. Just submit 500 word responses each week and peer comments and you get full credit. But never responds to emails or questions on forums. Begins to lag at end of semester and does not give clear instructions for the 8 page paper at the end. Doesn't post lectures, just book chapters via PDF and makes you answer questions. Tests are hard.
2.0 : He requires you to read plays from 5 different books, they are fairly cheap. Honestly, you could pass without going to class and reading OR go to class and NOT read. He explains every play in detail during class. BORING lectures. Passes around roll sheet at the beginning of class. Easy A....
1.0 : Do not take this class with him!! He is not helpful in OR out of class. Very hard to understand and does not answer questions because"you should know already" his words, not mine. Absolutely awful. Thank goodness I passed though.
1.0 : Really sweet guy, but unfortunately really bad at explaining things. He overcomplicates simple problems and makes them harder than they were to begin with. Easy class if you have a basic understanding of high school. Not the best class if you really struggle with math though. You have to pay $20 for an online access code for hw.
2.0 : Class is very disorganized and is lecture-heavy. Professor is funny, but will often go on random tangents and waste class time. The only major assignments are a "facilitation" (casual presentation), two short papers, and a 15-page research assignment. Would avoid this course if possible; heavy work load yet very unstructured class.
1.0 : This instructor forgets what he says from one class to the next.  He will accuse students of getting it wrong when in fact his memory and teaching style is flawed.  The class really did not serve a purpose.  Anyone can tell students to write an abstract, introduction and literature review.  He is incapable of giving a clear instruction. Do not take
1.0 : He gets very easily behind, then tries to rush what he missed. The homework doesn't match the tests and he never tells you when they're uploaded. Have to fill out a workbook, though we end up skipping half of the workbook during class, (which are just slide printouts). 4 tests, weekly hw, no clickers.
1.0 : He doesn't know how to teach. He used someone's slides. We had a workbook to fill out which counts toward your grade. But he skips so many pages. He partnered with another professor when writing tests and it was nothing like what we learned in lecture. HW35% 20% Tests 10% particpation 10%project 25%final. So do well on the HW !
1.0 : He's definitely very smart but isn't very good at teaching the material. He doesn't update grades very consistently so you don't know what you have in the class until it's almost too late. He has workbooks you need to fill out based on his powerpoints, but skips over a lot of the workbook material. Online HW is weighted heavily so do the hw!
1.0 : He's literally the WORST professor I've had by far. If you have the chance steer clear. He does not use his own slides when he teaches. No study guides ever, no formulas on any test EVER, he grades on so few items, and he ALWAYS gets behind in lecture then rushes through things. Steer clear!
1.0 : Prepare to teach yourself. Avoid her at all costs, spent well over $150 for class material that went unused. Cannot believe she has a PHD. She refuses to help students, insisting we ask each other when we all have no idea what we're doing. She does not even lecture!!! What is our tuition paying her to do??!?!?!
1.0 : Didn't lecture, She only read off the book to make videos and gave up on making them halfway through the semester, Terrible teacher
1.0 : First of all, Professor Bowley is a highly intelligent professor.  HOWEVER, her lectures are scrambled and lacks time management skills during class.  I don't think I learned a single thing during lecture and had to watch her weekly iLearn videos to self-teach myself the material.  Also, don't show up to class a minute late bc she will call you out
1.0 : Requires attendance but cant bother to show up on time. Had little to no idea what she would cover in class, and half of the 50 minutes would be spent on her trying to understand the material she was covering. Little to no communication about homework,  which was uploaded inconsistently and without warning, sometimes hours before it was due.
1.0 : WARNING: AVOID ANDY HUANG'S CLASS AT ALL COSTS. Horrendous lab instructor, harsh grader who nit picks points off of all assignments! friends in other lab sections gave half the effort this semester and got A's. Over half of Andys class is at risk of failing going into the final. He is a A hole to students and doesnt care about ruining students GPA.
1.0 : AVOID,  AVOID, AVOID!!!!!  I have never had a worst instructor in my life. He is so strict on lab reports and pre labs. I didn't sign the bottom of my pre lab and he gave me a ZERO. Hard quizzes and he doesn't care if you are failing. Most of the class is failing going into the final. Other people I know are passing with flying colors. DO NOT TAKE!
1.0 : Do not take this class if you want to understand the concept of chemistry. Very test heavy and short tempered. If you don't sign the bottom of your pre lab automatic zero, if you don't include your lab parterns name automatic zero, and if your conclusion/post lab isn't satisfactory automatic zero. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!!
1.0 : He won't help you if you don't understand. No experimental errors can occur. Has to be 100% correct. Do not take him.
1.0 : I do not recommend taking him. He gives huge reading assignments, at least 50-100 pages to read per week. His lectures and assignments are unclear and he doesn't explain the tasks, even when you ask to clarify, he just tells you he told you already. Horrible teacher. Gives you a bad grade if you don't speak up but doesn't tell you it is mandatory.
1.0 : He was a very sweet person, but not a very effective teacher. He lectures the whole class without checking to see if students are retaining what he is teaching (which they are probably not). He teaches the course at a very fast pace and leaves no room for class discussion. He is always flustered. Steer clear if you are just looking to fulfill a GE.
2.0 : Caskey is a cool guy but he teaches like we know basic geology so its hard to understand and he expects a lot. 2 field trips which are fun if you have fun people in your class. Tests you have to study for but its easy if you do well on them. Dont take him for a GE class
1.0 : Professor Amy Latham (also known as Amy Glasenapp) is a very hard grader. Take her class if you want to write 2-3 essays at the same time as well as doing her assignments and online homework. If you search her up with Amy Glasenapp, there will be a lot more reviews. She is nice but SHE GRADES EXTREMELY HARD. Definitely not an easy A or A-.
1.0 : Her lectures are an unorganized jumbled mess that are difficult to get information from. Looking at her powerpoints doesn't help. She is easy to contact. Her study guides don't actually help with the test, they just ask to retype information.
1.0 : This is the worse class I've taken at SFSU by far. The professor doesn't teach, her "lectures" have bored people to sleep, and she cannot recognized proper works cited (either MLA or APA). Her assignments are just busy work, and she made us buy textbooks and an iclicker, which were only used twice! Definitely avoid the class, it's not worth it.
1.0 : If you want an unorganized by teacher that has weekly group projects like your in kindergarten, this is the teacher for you! Don't be fooled- the whole semester is an unorganized catastrophe with constant syllabus changes; ur grade is a mystery, and he borrows exams from other prof's with material he hasn't even covered. AVOID!
2.0 : Lots of work and hard grader. Don't take this class unless you want a challenge.
1.0 : Tough grader. sometimes unfair. you get score for attendance, homework, participation, quizzes, a book you have to read and he just makes you nerves by grading each class with unfair score. You must spend hours to prepare for class and at the end, you end up hating your self because you spend that much of time and you get unfair score. Not recommended.
1.0 : Morehen is not engaging at all especially with a topic that is so interesting. She gives homework once a week and that is essentially our grade. She gives very little feedback and isn't well structured in her course material.
2.0 : Professor Morehen is okay when it comes to communicating with her students. Does not answer questions very clearly and sometimes even questions herself. Only two tests during the semester, one being the midterm and the other one the final. I would not recommend you taking this course unless you are ready to teach yourself the entire semester.
2.0 : the problem with him was mostly the class structure and not him specifically, i had to drop the class because of other reasons but he'll definitely try to help his students if they need it
3.0 : He is nice but he grades the test kinda picky. You have to be able to explain your answer clearly because he always asks why. There is end of class question which is not very difficult.
1.0 : He doesn't really teach the material. He just gives you a worksheet and puts you into groups without teaching the material first, which makes taking his tests and doing homework online really difficult.
2.0 : He uses a separate website instead of iLearn so you can't even check your overall grade. Homework is all online, there is barely any class work to turn in. If your homework grades are super low, you probably weren't specific enough and didn't show enough work. I recommend using a secondary source to help you like Khan Academy.
1.0 : The tests are extremely hard. I put a lot of time and effort into studying for his exams and participate in all class discussions and I still have a C. Hardest class I have ever taken. I don't recommend him at all. He's a nice guy, but his class lecture is heavy.
2.0 : Very very hard teacher. I worked very hard In this class and still have a C. I study about 3-4 hours a day on this subject with my peers and we all end up failing his exams. Tests are very hard. No homework and quizzes. Just 3 midterms and a final but they are very heavy and hard. Would not take this class again.
2.0 : His class was too hard. Very hard to follow his lectures and his tests are very very hard. I would not recommend taking him as a GE you will do very poorly.
1.0 : Hated this class, one of the hardest courses I have ever taken. I do not recommend him at all to anybody! His test are very vague and hard. The lectures are very boring and uninformative regarding the tests.
2.0 : Very hard class. Only took it because I'm an Anthropology major so DO NOT TAKE IT IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO. And even if you have to, try taking with a different professor. The way he teaches makes the material really boring to learn. Also, he doesn't update grades on iLearn throughout the semester so you never really know your exact grade.
1.0 : The absolute worst class I have ever taken. He doesnt respond to emails in a timely manor, doesnt post grades, he knows more than half the class is failing but he doesnt care enough to help anyone out. He shouldve stayed in the field instead of teaching a class. The tests are nothing like the lecture or whats on the study guide so good luck.
1.0 : His class is just lecturing, which are so boring and hard to even understand. He relies on you to read the book to understand everything he talks about in class, but the chapters are really long, so you get lost as you read. His study guides don't help you on the test, so it's hard to prepare unless you read the entire book. Don't recommend taking.
1.0 : A lot of useless reading and he expects you to read it in a short time. His lectures are so boring and he just rambles on about who knows what. I studied very hard for his test but the study guide is nothing like the test. Half the class is failing and he just doesn't care. Would not recommend.
2.0 : He's a nice guy but he is a terrible teacher. His study guides and pre test are nothing like his actual test. His class is mandatory but only takes role sometimes so you never know, which means you have to show up everyday just in case. His test are so hard and vague its impossible to pass. About everyone is failing and he doesn't really care.
2.0 : Very very very hard class. Im only doing okay because I'm an anthropology major, and even that, its very hard. Its very time consuming and takes a lot of effort and time to study for something thats setting you up to fail.
1.0 : Hardest class I have ever taken, he doesn't post his midterm grades until the end of the semester so you literally don't know how you're doing in his class at all until right before the final. He offered 1 extra credit at the end for 5 points for a 4 page essay. Do not take his class.
1.0 : WORST PROFESSOR I EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. He doesn't use numbers when he explains. Doesn't give any feedback. Got our first midterm back after a month and a half. His tests are impossible, not from his lecture nor the homework he gives. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIM!
1.0 : Only things that are graded are homework and tests. Only thing that slightly prepares for tests are the lectures, which aren't that useful to the tests, and homework. But knowing what exactly to study is a big mystery that not even Sherlock Holmes can solve.
2.0 : Highly disorganized. Lectures tend to be delivered at breakneck speed with the assumption that students understand the material. Does not provide examples during class. Goes on irrelevant tangents far too often. Doesn't even know his own office hours. Provide generous cheat sheet for exams, but is useless for lack of examples to know how to use thm
1.0 : He has had issues with procrastinating with grades and having bloated expectations but his management of exams, especially the one that took place on the day of this review was incredibly unprofessional. Neglecting to even tell his students to turn in their tests when time was up is unacceptable. Examples during lectures are nonexistent at best.
1.0 : He has had a problem with grading test it took about 1 month to hand us back our first exam, Neglecting to even tell his students to turn in their tests when the time was up is unacceptable., and trying to run away from us trying to hand in our exam is totally unacceptable.
1.0 : He was so disorganized. I still have no idea how to study or even WHAT to study. Grades depend completely on midterms and a final, you fail one you are done.
1.0 : Took our final 4 days after our second "midterm" lol Doesn't use numbers and tests are neither from the hw nor lectures! DO NOT TAKE HIM
2.0 : Personally, I think he's a pretty cool funny guy. He really did open my mind up about physics!! However I recommend putting your 110% Effort into studying. Physics itself is a hard subject anyways. Do all practice problems, Homework problems, Also go to his office hours!!!! 2 Tests and 1 Final and homework, each counts as 25% of your grade
1.0 : This was his second time ever teaching, and I'm willing to forgive a lot. But what truly makes him a poor teacher in my eyes is how little he cares about his students. "I get paid whether you're here or not" was an actual thing he said in class. For what it's worth, I think this semester has humbled him; I hope he learns to respect his students.
3.0 : You have to work in this class. You won't pass unless you spend hours on the homework. He does an ok job explaining the concepts, and he posts a lot of extra online material. He restructured how our class is graded in the middle of the semester to help students struggling. Overall a nice person, who teaches you as if you're attending Berkeley.
2.0 : The homework is nuts. Be ready to work 10-12 hours on every homework. The homework and tests are not related at all! Tests are easy af compared to homework.
1.0 : I learned nothing from his CSC340 class. No study guide for midterm. No one know what is going to be on the midterm. Heavy homework. Do not understand what is he talking about during the class.
1.0 : Terrible professor. Straight student grader for the whole semester. His lecture is useless, you don't know where he got the midterms, super hard and pointless, no study guide, no prepare for the midterms(just topics), never ever reply your email. 1 midterm 1 final, worth 55 percent of your grade. Takes his class if you dreamed about Standford.
1.0 : This was a ridiculous semester. He started restructuring the class half-way through and even went as far as to use another professors slides. Those slides were basically useless unless you were in that professors class taking notes on them. No study guide for tests, only gives topics. There was no reply to the emails sent to him.
4.0 : Class is hard. He focuses mostly on theory and less practical exercises, very very hard to follow. 1 quiz, 1 midterm and final. The tests is ridiculously tough and most of students hardly get a passing grade. At the end of semester, he did curves and add more hws in order to get students passing grade (very nice).
1.0 : His lecture is just BORING And all his assignments are complicated! Bring your laptop to the lecture!!!!!!
1.0 : Mr. Smith didn't teach me anything all semester long in this class, and I am not kidding. Literally didn't learn anything about "Restaurant and Tourism management". He spent his time in class giving personal reviews of the restaurants which he went to that weekend, and he was also a critical grader, which is hilarious considering he didn't teach.
1.0 : Prof. Smith is a good guy, but not good at teaching. His lectures were boring and confusing. The guidelines for the group project was not clear, and my group was having a hard time doing it. The online final was also confusing, because there were 2 qs require calculation, which he didn't teach us how to do it.
1.0 : Laura Tonesi is a lovely woman, but her teaching skills are not the best. She sits in class just talking, I have not taken one page of notes. She is very lenient on turning assignments in late, but when she grades papers she barely marks up the page and leaves me super confused why I got an A or B. Also she is Italian, ENGLISH ISNT HER FIRST LANG!!
1.0 : While this class was fairly easy for me, a lot of students didn't pass since they did not do the reading. My review is more for Perisis herself who made this class an absolute dread to go to. The lectures/discussions were boring and most of the class consisted of her yelling at us. Maybe she was having a bad semester but I would NOT recommend her
