3.0 : Overall, he was a very nice professor and his class wasn't overly hard. He had a lot of teacher's assistants helping him. The class was long at times but he did a good job of adding funny videos and gifs to his presentations to make them more enjoyable.
3.0 : Hodge is a great, funny guy. The class itself is ok. Written assignments seem to be busy work, barely related if at all to the material. My biggest complaint, the TAs. In a class of 400+ there are 4 or 5 TAs and they come off as extremely arrogant, rude, and condescending. Not to mention they are horrible at relaying information about assignments
3.0 : So basically we did a flip classroom where you basically teach yourself and he posts videos on the material and then you're quizzed on them. The TA's weren't very helpful; sometimes Hodge doesn't even show up. The class is fine overall, I'd recommend, if you're patient. Not too many assignments (about 4-5), and there's a midterm and final.
2.0 : This year Hodge did a flip classroom so basically there are 4-5 TAs who are in control of the class most of the time. Hodge teaches a few lectures and the rest is just guests speakers which is a waste of time. Mandatory attendance. TAs are VERY unorganized and confusing. Have to go to study session for to learn.
2.5 : This was a pretty annoying class, the TA's did most of the work. Hodge showed up like 5 times throughout the semester. His online videos, however, are super helpful and would DEFINITELY TELL YOU to watch them start to finish. Otherwise, you don't learn anything else. it's mostly guest speakers which is so annoying. and they take attendance
3.5 : Had Professor Hodge for Legal Studies, which is an introductory class and required for Fox Business School. He was the worst professor I have had, he wrote the book so his lectures are very detailed and long. Worst part is that his class is on a point scale out of 150 points, very difficult exams with tricky questions. AVOID THIS GUY
5.0 : Lord Hodge is a gift from heaven itself. The man the is timeless and everyday with the king is a new adventure. He has no idea which slide is coming next, if you dont do well you should write an apology letter to his legal director Krole, who he always talks about. The TAs suck thou.
4.0 : Class is pretty much run by TA's so your experience really depends on how good they are. Only 2 exams which count for almost all of your grade. I had a huge 8 am lecture and attendance was still mandatory so don't expect to skip class. The lectures are literally straight from the book so as long as you take decent notes in class you won't need it.
3.0 : Basically two exams during the whole course that determine your grade. You have one weekly online hw, really annoying but easy. Skip more than 3 classes and ur grade gets dropped. Overall not too bad.
4.0 : Hodge is a great, funny professor and has put in a huge amount of effort into making the class more enjoyable and easy to understand after teaching the class for years. The only issue is that your whole grade is essentially based off one midterm &amp; final with extremely specific questions, and the TAs this semester were extremely disorganized.
1.5 : Worst class i've had at Temple University. Have to learn EVERYTHING by yourself. Hodge doesn't go over any material in class and his TA's are awful and super unorganized. Tests are extremely hard. They take attendance in a 400 people class. AVOID THIS CLASS.
3.0 : Nice man, puts in a lot of effort into his lectures which makes it a little better (for an 8 am). 4 assignments throughout course - do not expect a lot of feedback, if you get any at all. The TA's were of no help. Have 2 polls each class for participation - so attendance is mandatory. Overall, would take again.
1.5 : AVOID THIS CLASS!! The TAs are extremely rude and unhelpful and attendance is mandatory. All of the time in class is used on guest speakers and you are required to watch videos online made by hodge to learn anything. Nobody is helpful in this class. The TAs are out to fail you; they are all miserable. AVOID
4.0 : The way Hodge does his lectures presents the information in an interesting and clear cut way. Regardless, his class is way too tough. The assignments are long and are unrelated to material. Any small fact can be on the test and Hodge tries to trick you on every question, which gave me a grade that did not reflect how much I learned in this class.
4.5 : Hodge is one of the best professors I have had so far. The way he explains things is fantastic. His assignments are a little legnthy. But, for 2 of the 4 we had partners. His tests make you think carefully so make sure to take your time. If you show up to class you will get at least a B. I didnt even buy the textbook either.
4.0 : I have to admit that even though Law isn't the most exciting topic and the class was an 8 am, Hodge did his best to keep the class fun and interesting. His slides are unique and he makes music, so he does his best to keep you engaged. The TAs were terrible though, as they didn't give feedback on assignments until the final week of the class.
4.0 : slides are not posted on blackboard. They told us there was a class caption but wasn't posted till weeks before the final. Grades are solely based off of 2 test &amp; 4 assignments but there's a curve in your grade based on points earned. There's also chances for extra credit also bumps your grade if you regularly participate in class.
4.0 : easy class. 1 midterm, 1 final, 4 assignments, and a disc. board every week. show up, take notes, study those notes in detail, and you will do fine. i got an 82 on midterm (curved to 93) and an 87 on the final. theres also extra credit throughout the sem which help. grade is curved, an 87% is considered an A. Easy class, just study.
4.0 : Hodge is your best bet for Legal Studies. Its a 150 point system and the midterm is worth 40, the final is worth 60, 4 assignments are worth 10 a piece, and 10 points are for a discussion board you post a response to once a week. They also offer extra credit and I definitely recommend sucking it up and signing up for it, overall easy A.
1.0 : Do not take if it's in the format of a flip classroom
3.0 : The lectures are kind of boring but there's not many assignments.  The book is helpful- I read the book and got an A on the midterm.  He has a really good personality and has great knowledge of the subject.
4.5 : Tests are hard but he is willing to explain. If you read the book &amp; follow along, it makes sense.
5.0 : Easy class. Professor Hodge is a smart guy, who teaches his classes well. Study the notes from class, easy A.
3.5 : Good luck talking to him as you'll just end up talking to a TA who doesn't know what they're doing. TA's do the grading so your grade may not reflect the work you actually put in. Midterm and a Final, 5 writing assignments, Clicker quizzes, Book Report, and a Group Project with an oral argument part. It's an interesting course and Dr. Hodge is cool
3.5 : Dr Hodge really is a top notch professor. If it's on the test, it's said during class. Just make sure you put in the study time for the exams because of the volume of info. The HW is straightforward and generally easy. Participate as much as you can and don't skip more than 4 classes or your grade will drop. You can't take a better Gen Ed to learn.
2.5 : Lectures are extremely boring and way too long. It was impossible to get 100% on anything, I would spend hours on a simple writing assignment and somehow would still miss half of a point for phrasing something wrong
5.0 : Very easy! Gives help when needed! Only requires you to write 3 out of 4 papers. Occasional open note pop quizes. Group Projects and presentations that are really easy! If you have an A you don't have to take the final!
5.0 : WOW! Such a great teacher. 4 responses and a final paper. If you have an A at the end skip the final!! Quiz's are open note and very easy! Take Prof Heinz, she is a kind and smart woman.
2.0 : If you care about your progress in a class and like knowing your grade throughout the semester then I do not recommend taking her.
2.0 : I had Professor Heinz for U.S. History to 1877. My biggest complaint is that her lectures were very unstructured. She did not use a single powerpoint all year and spoke from a collection of notebooks. That made it difficult to keep my notes organized. Majority of the grade is based on papers and the final exam is not required if u did all the work.
4.0 : There are four papers, but you only have to do three. You do group projects covering each president. She is very knowledgeable. She is a VERY easy grader and if you don't do well, then you can redo the paper. Occasional pop quizzes. Book only needed for papers.
5.0 : I LOVE HER! She is such an interesting lady who practically hands out A's. Theres 4 short papers and 2 long ones but I don't think she actually grades them. The class is honestly a joke so bring homework or something to do because there are a lot of boring group projects that no one really wants to listen to. Take this class if you want an A.
4.0 : Dr. Heinz is a good professor. We only had couple of papers. Our papers only had to be 1-2 pages. This class was very easy. She doesn't grade harsh.
5.0 : AMAZING teacher. she cares about every one of her students and really makes an effort and covers material until a full understanding is grasped. She is my favorite teacher thus far and would recommend her class. topics are very interesting and class discussions are very interesting. I also love her style of teaching. Definitely best 802 teacher.
5.0 : If you've got a sense of humor, you will love David Watt's class. He is a bit of a weirdo but a genuinely kind guy. Makes an effort to remember your name and your major if you are involved during class. He's very clear about what he's looking for on the tests (in-class essays), so just pay attention and read what you can. Miss this class!
5.0 : He's in the internet ALREADY wearing duck hats, come on guys. He made me read about the muslim brotherhood and quakers in the same semester. Take a lawful good gen ed, even if you only ever take one.
5.0 : David Watt is a funny professor and makes learning fun. He even offers surprise cash rewards sometimes if a student answers a question well. Take his class!
5.0 : As a business major in a class of all history majors, Professor Watt still was able to get all of his points across to me and more. The lectures were fantastic and he was an incredible teacher on the subject of the Atomic Bomb. Would recommend his class over and over again. Hands down 10/10.
4.0 : If you can't deal with weird I would recommend another section. I really enjoyed this class; I have to admit I don't understand the duck hat thing and I was pretty disappointed when there was no sock puppets at all (another review here got my hopes up) but generally very effective. Also, I learned a LOT from the readings. 1010 would take again
4.5 : i loved having David for my religion in philadelphia course. his lectures were engaging, interesting and helpful, and he has an amazing sense of humor. His tests are pretty straight forward, he is very clear on what they will be on which is always good. I would definitely consider taking his class! You also don't have to buy books for the course.
4.0 : Extremely smart and kind. Cute lanky old man who knows his stuff. Almost always extra credit offered each week, posts his PowerPoints online. Tests are tough, but biological anthropology isn't a cake walk in general. Put in work and you'll get the grade you deserve.
4.0 : Dr. Weitz is my fave in the anthro dept because he's so chill. For this class Human Growth &amp; Devo, he gave us readings (didn't do them) and both tests came from the ppts which are online too. Had one paper and presentation. Gives extra credit and test outlines. It's great if you're interested in the topic and enjoy Dr. Weitz' silly humor.
2.5 : Lectures are long and sometimes boring or hard to follow. He makes it very clear what he is expecting on tests. He offers a lot of extra credit. Posts lecture power points online. Make sure to read!
5.0 : The class is really fascinating. As long as you do the study guides for the 4 exams and show up to weekly labs you'll be golden. No papers.
5.0 : Dr. Weitz is easily one of the best professors in the Anthropology department, if not THE best. He's the head of the bio anthro department so he really knows his stuff and is well respected. He has done so much research around the world so he has a lot of experience and great stories to tell. Material can be tough but he's always willing to help.
5.0 : His class was really good. The content was interesting but not too difficult and labs added onto understanding and added a hands on component. Attendance wasn't mandatory, but if you did show up you got extra credit work so it was a very good system.
4.5 : Dr. McClendon is without a doubt one of my favorite professors at Temple. His energy is unbelievable and he is so passionate about what he does. His tests are straightforward and only assigns 4 one-page summaries and a group presentation during the course. TAKE HIM IF YOU HAVE THE CHANCE!!!
4.5 : Great teacher! Lectures can be long but the class is not that hard. Is this great stuff or what!
2.0 : I started out liking the guy, but by the time class was done he grated on me.  He is a very subjective grader.  If you take his class I hope you are not quiet or introverted, because he really will have it in for you if you don't share in class. I would avoid class with him again if possible.  Very moody.
3.0 : Discussions are interesting but tend to go off course. Test are essay and come mostly from the textbook cases. Most of the class discussions don't relate to the test.  He's very slow with grading and answering emails.
5.0 : McClendon is awesome.  If he doesn't think people are interested he will jump around the room and get people's attention until they are.  He really cares about his students and is interested in what they are doing.  His lectures are entertaining and he knows his stuff.  Take him!  (But, only if you are ready for some great stuff!)
5.0 : "Is the great stuff or what?!?!?" Guy loves teaching and loves to help! Must take
5.0 : Is this great stuff or what?
4.0 : It takes a bit to get used to McClendon's quirky energy, but he is so passionate about HR! Very interesting class discussions-- taking notes on topics he stresses and remembering to read the textbook + memorize laws are a NECESSITY to get a good grade on the tests. If you do that, they aren't too challenging! If you participate he will love you.
5.0 : He was one of the best profs I had at Temple and great teacher.
3.0 : The online class during the summer was the hardest class I've ever taken. Partially because there was prerecorded lectures and no actual interaction. If you take this class watch all the videos he provides and take lots of notes!
3.0 : Pepe means well. He is such a nice man and during class when we are doing class work he is able to help 101. Also if we don't understand he is willing to go back and re do it. The videos he post are more helpful than his teaching in class. He can confuse himself and us when he does work on the board, but overall nice man. But not the best teacher.
5.0 : A one of a kind teacher who cares for her students. Her approach provides real world experience that is valuable when you start looking for a job. She truly cares if you are willing to put an effort into her class.
4.5 : Deeg is a great professor. He takes a pretty dull subject and makes it extremely entertaining through his use of documentaries, movie clips, and the occasional horrible dad joke. His grading is a little odd but I would take the class again.
5.0 : DT is awesome! Everything about the class makes it obvious he really loves what he does. Don't skip too many classes, because most info is given in lecture and the powerpoints are kinda sparse on their own. I've heard the TAs can be kind of hit-or-miss, but mine was awesome as well! DT made me love geology for a semester. Definitely take him.
1.0 : Hardest class I've ever taken. He's a good person, but a poor teacher. If you do not have a decent background in geology you WILL have trouble. I spent 17 hours studying for one test and received a 65%.
4.0 : If you can, take him. He knows his stuff and cares for his students. Explains things well, keeps things entertaining. Fill out his study guides and read over the notes and you're good. If you take him, take Kelley for the lab because she is super chill and helpful.
4.0 : DT is a great professor, especially for the upper level classes.  His specialty is in soil science, so he will find a way to work that into whatever he's teaching.  You have to show up to lectures, since he usually doesn't follow the textbook very closely the online powerpoints  are difficult to understand without the notes he provides in class.
4.5 : The best professor ever! I am not one to sit in the front, or answer questions, but DT makes you feel comfortable in the lecture. Attendance was not mandatory, but honestly if you don't go you will struggle. Definitely would recommend!
5.0 : BY FAR one of the most influential teachers Ive ever had. This is my third class with DT. DT is passionate, so smart and an excellent teacher if you go to his lectures. If not,youll fail but he makes everything so easy to understand. I wasnt even a Geology major but he inspired me to double major in it. Take his class, it will change your life.
4.5 : DT rules. He's the best and knows his stuff. His explanations are incredibly clear and makes EVERYTHING MAKE SENSE IN THE WORLD.
4.0 : very interactive
4.5 : Great teacher, really knows the material. Tests are not too hard as he gives you something like a "study guide" of terms you need to know. For my class he played Civil War music in the 10 minutes before class started, it was oddly relaxing.
4.0 : Extremely knowledgeable, shown through heavy, but informative lectures. Sign-in sheet for attendance. 3 quizzes (in-class essays) on 3 books you have to read fully. Paper on a 4th. Midterm and final, with extra credit opportunities. Plays military songs at the start of class. Good professor, accessible out of class. Get ready to work.
4.0 : Great guy, even if you arent into history take his class.  He keeps everything interesting and is kind of funny.  Lots of reading but if you know the basic summary of the book youre good to go.  Go to class and youll learn everything from the main text book.
3.0 : Professor Urwin is a Good professor but he can say some out of line things and be rude at times. His class is very interesting, although very lecture heavy. Be prepared to read ALOT and write atleast 3 papers that are 7+ pages. If you enjoy history, take this class. If not, stay as far away as possible.
5.0 : The best history professor you can ever have in any college. Very professional and inspirational. He is a no nonsense kind of guy and explains everything in full detail. Very understanding of not only the subject, but history in general. Cares much about what he is teaching and is very approachable if one needs to ask questions.
5.0 : Best professor at Temple Urwin is the MAN! His enthusiasm for history makes missing his lectures feel like a crime. Straightforward, old school, VERY flexible w/ due dates fair grader tests and quizzes are all based off readings 3-5 books per course so get ready to work 3-4 quizzes 2 papers 2 tests plus extra credit incredible guy must take him!
4.0 : Taking Professor Urwin for the History Capstone was a challenge. The prompt was World War II America, which was easy to find an interesting topic. But be prepared to get papers back covered in red ink for mistakes. He'll reward you if you fix them, but it can be unsettling in first drafts.
5.0 : Prof. is a great guy and is also no nonsense as stated in other posts. His class is as easy as reading and memorizing. The 2 papers and 4 tests were very easy and the grade is able to be made up with some of the many situational EC opportunities he offers.
3.5 : I like Dr. Rathi. He's an easy grader and gives you a lot of opportunity to do well. On numerous occasions, he would reopen online exams/quizzes for students. He wants you to do well and pass with an A.
5.0 : I was really struggling with personal matters, which really hurt me in this class. But, he truly cares about his students and I really didn't want to let him down. He is very open to helping anyone who is having a hard time with the material.
5.0 : Dr. Rathi is the best professor I have ever had so far. I wish that he teaches all STAT courses.
5.0 : Best STAT professor. Take any class with him.
5.0 : Dr. Rathi is the besttt stat professor. His class is very easy, just show up to class, and follow along with the examples. He is very caring and willing to help you out; he'll make you pass by letting you redo mathlab. Overall a great guy. Knows no one wanted to be in class from 5:30-8pm so we got out early all the time. Highllyyy recommened!!
3.0 : You have to go to every class in order to do well. Also sit in the front so you can hear him. He genuinely wants everyone to do well, but teaches the material in a confusing way.
2.5 : The class was an elective that felt like a capstone course. It was a lecture, but he made it a seminar so he could do as little teaching as possible. We had 50-70 pages of single-spaced dense reading to do per class, on top of ridiculous busy work and six papers that he graded very harshly. The most work and the lowest grades I've ever received.
4.5 : I took Fab two semesters in a row - JRN3705 &amp; JRN3706. She's an exceptional professor. She's passionate about what she lectures &amp; she leads excellent class discussions. Her tests are lengthy &amp; all short-answer/essay- she'll curve if necessary. A lot of writing assignments. Do the work &amp; you'll pass. I'd take her again if I could, I loved her.
1.0 : I recommend not taking this professor. Tough grader, little explanation on her expectations.
5.0 : Jan is awesome!!! Easily the best Prof I have ever had at Temple. If you get the chance to take her, do it you will not regret it. I look forward to taking more courses with her. I took her for Technology and Culture and there was about 4 short papers (4 pages) and a final that was actually fun! She is an awesome Prof and a great lady!  TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : I never will regret taking a class with Jan. She is awesome, so caring about her students, I felt I could go to her with any problem, &amp; makes the class interactive &amp; fun. (ALSO SHE IS SO HOT!) I wish she taught more classes for undergrad, she primarily works with MA students. If you see a class with her teaching it, TAKE IT!! You'll thank me later
5.0 : Sweet guy and was really excited about Psychological Processing of Media topics. Tried to make class interesting for the most part, only hangup being that lectures were a bit boring at times. Reasonable amount of work and overall good class :-)
3.0 : Great Professor. Be prepared for lots of class interaction and group projects. Lots of reading but very interesting. All of your work is done on blackboard even though the class was not online.
3.5 : great teacher for cyberspace and society class. knowledge of computers is unreal. A few things suck about the class but that comes from the department
4.0 : He's a great professor and really knows his stuff. However, he's very unorganized and the due dates for assignments change all the time, which is tedious but can also be helpful. Although he's messy, he's really funny and nice and will help you if you need it. Lots of group work, but the class is called TEAM processes so what else would you expect?
5.0 : This was a very compact Summer I six week class.  There is lots of group homework but the group I was in worked very well together and we got the job done.  I'm not happy that we did not get our grades in a timely manner but other than that loved the course.  Definitely something that will be used in my future employment.
5.0 : He is a great professor. Honestly if you just do your work then you will be fine. It is a TEAM PROCESS CLASS though lol.
5.0 : I had him a few years ago for a Computer class and I am technologically dysfunctional.  He was good then he is excellent now!  I took his Team Processes class for AOD and he was awesome.  I hate working in groups but he made it fun.  Generally when you are in groups the few carry the many but everyone participated with his guidance.
4.5 : great prof. you should attend to pass. long class, 3:35hrs. will help you in class but not so much through emails in my personal experience. the class has alot of assignments if you're bad with computers like myself you MUST attend and concentrate with him for the hole class.
2.5 : This professor, overall, is OK. However, he takes WEEKS to grade material. It's not a hard class but his quizzes are definitely hard. There is also an unnecessary amount of work that is required of the student even though this is a science gen ed class. Do not take this class if you are taking a bunch of hard classes with it.
2.5 : Would not recommend. Doesn't grade your work on time and doesn't respond to emails. Gives a lot of work, but grades accordingly.
3.5 : He is passionate about the course content. It's not difficult but a lot of it is unnecessary. However he gives you every opportunity to succeed. Fair grader. He's big on respect and humility. Don't come at him with demands. Ask and you shall receive. Group work is tedious and unnecessary each class.
5.0 : I took his Money course and he was so nice, always smiling and he took a simple yet complicated subject and made it relative! I was engaged in his lectures every class! His descriptive ways of teaching really helped me to understand the course materials. I had two surgeries while in his class and he was very understanding in my few latenesses.
2.0 : Should someone who's anti-sports teach Soc of Sports? His sports knowledge is limited and sometimes wrong. What he does know, he seems to be against. Love topic but not class due to overly negative tone. Boring lectures. Expensive books. Had to buy his book (red flag)! Tests aren't very hard if you read, came to class, and regurgitated lectures.
3.5 : Enjoys giving well prepared lectures. Professor recommended and class concept recommended but course materials need changing ASAP. They're very negative (not prof's fault) and in some ways, downright useless (imo we shouldn't be studying someone else's bad research).
5.0 : Really nice guy. Understanding and smart and makes class fun. You never know when he's going to take attendance. Pay attention in class and read the first book (other ones forget about) and you'll do great on the ONE exam he gives. The rest is small assignments and a final paper. No final exam. He was one of my favorite professors.
4.0 : Laura is great. She's very talkative and goes on tangents, but they are interesting and relate to the material. For Race and Judaism, she only assigned two very affordable textbooks, which weren't tedious readings. Her tests+Finals are all papers, the questions are chunky, but if you pay attention in class at least somewhat, you'll write them well.
5.0 : Levitt is a gem. Had her for Honors Race in Judaism (gen ed). She's caring and quirky in the best way. Decent amount of reading, and assignments have been all papers. She's a generous grader and will let you make up your own assignments for extra credit. Only down side is her extreme political bias, BUT she's still super open minded and respectful.
5.0 : Laura is a fantastic professor!!!!!!! She is incredibly smart and may come off a little crazy, but she knows what she is talking about. She comes off as very liberal, but in a good way! This course was great and I left with so much knowledge about Judaism.
5.0 : Professor Levitt is incredibly brilliant and you will leave the class so glad that you had the privilege of getting to know her and being able to learn something from this very smart professor! She was great!
5.0 : Professor Levitt is one of the coolest people I have ever met. Please take her classes, she is so likable and easy to get along with. This class has a lot of reading but she will make sure you understand it. All take home exams.
4.0 : prof. levitt is a great professor. there's a lot of reading, which isn't mandatory, and all of the exams and assessments are take home. the final isn't cumulative, and if you just listen in class and put in a decent effort, you won't get anything less than an A
1.0 : The structure of the class is pretty straight forward, lecture Mon-Thurs, small quiz on Friday. My failure was my own fault, I didn't come to class and I didn't stud. If you even make half an effort, you'll be fine.  As far as Wald, herself, I think she goes way to fast to understand. She cares morabout getting thru the material than teaching it.
5.0 : Professor Wald is very sweet and is a great professor. She goes at a decent pace. There are three exams and a final. She lets you keep your exams and gives you a review for each. Her reviews are harder than the tests. You don't need to buy the book and attendance is necessary. It was my easiest class of the semester and I ended with over a 100%.
5.0 : a magnificent teacher , she so cute and she's ready to help ant students . just show up
2.0 : Okay, so Doreen is a tad crazy. However, she is very nice and tries to help her students as best as she can. She tends to not know how to explain herself very well so you just have to see how she does something and MEMORIZE. You will be confused as ever in this class, but if you go to office hours before the tests you will be fine.
3.5 : Lessons are more complex than they should be, but if you copy down the notes EXACTLY, that's how her tests are. They are set up EXACTLY the same, but with just different numbers and people. Same with her final - it's based on problems that were on the tests. Hold onto them! Don't buy the textbook She provides review sessions and individual tutoring
4.5 : I loved Professor Wald! She is so bubbly and wants all her students to do well! She is great at explaining math problems and is always making sure the class is on the same page. She constantly goes over problems on the board from homework and goes over all the quizzes and tests! Awesome teacher hands down
5.0 : Very nice. Very helpful. Accomodating. May be a bit confusing if NEVER taken algebra, but overall very good.
5.0 : Good professor! very sweet! As an international student, I really like her Math class. Caring every students in her classroom!
1.0 : Not helpful  or concerned
5.0 : Great professor! Won't move on until she feels the class understands the concepts. Test are straightforward, no tricks!
2.5 : Ms. Wald was an ok prof. Took her for Math 701 in the summer so it was quick. I don't think it was best for her to teach a summer class she goes really fast. Unless you have some background knowledge for math, don't take her, because sometimes things will be confusing. That being said, I'd take her again knowing what to expect because she's nice.
4.5 : She is cute, and the class was easy.I would recommend taking her.
1.0 : It's a new 701 class as she keeps saying and tries group work but is stuck in her old lecturing ways. She just talks and talks and assigns lots of MyMathLab assignments and barely teaches. She messes up with what she says and you end up getting even more confused. Pulls exams from Mymathlab and it sucks bc you gotta be so specific with your answers
3.0 : I had her for Intro To Numbers And Figures. Very easy if you're good at getting the concepts quickly. I barely pay attention and don't do the homework and I have an A. Lectures are very boring. All we do is watch her do math problems. I may not like her teaching style but she does give you everything that you need to pass, including tutoring and a 2 day review before the tests.
4.0 : Professor Wald is very sweet and caring. Just make sure you show up to all her lectures. There are 3 tests and a final. She does a review before each tests and if you study those review you should pass.
3.0 : The objective of this course is to ensure that future teachers have a strong conceptual understanding of mathematical content. We should be able to understand the thinking process of the student, and ensure that we give credit where it is due, and not promote mathematical misconceptions.  I wouldnt say that she is consistent with the objectives.
5.0 : Prof Wald is one of the best teachers I've ever had at Temple. I took college algebra for the second time with her and the class was a breeze because of how great of a teacher she is. Beware of other teachers for this course, I got a D before and now with Wald I'm getting an A. TAKE HER!!! Her quizzes are very easy and she teaches VERY well.
5.0 : One of the easiest classes ever! Mandatory attendance but only 3 exams and a final. I didn't need the textbook because she writes all the important points down. She also curves almost all exams so most students can get a passing grade. If you score high enough, then you will get over 100 with the extra points.
5.0 : Valenza is an amazing prof. He is a lawyer so he uses real life examples that keep you interested. He is also really funny. He is very laid back. He does not take attendance, but you should go to class to get the notes because he never uses blackboard.
4.5 : My favorite class! Awesome guy. Really easy to understand. Talks about a lot of different current events. No assignments. Only 2 tests and a final. Definitely recommend him to anyone!
5.0 : This may be my favorite class I've taken at Temple thus far. His lectures are so clear and understandable and his lawyer experiences compliment the material so well. He is very friendly and provides a comfortable environment for students to ask questions. There are 3 exams and 2 quizzes throughout the semester. The only 8am class I look forward to.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at Temple so far! You can tell that he is very knowledgeable and passionate about teaching. Interesting lectures; you will learn a lot. He also wants his students to do well, is super clear, caring, and helpful. Show up to class, complete assignments, and you'll get an easy A. Take Valenza, he's the best!
3.0 : I'm not really sure how to rate Mr. Valenza. His grading criteria was unclear &amp; the percentages did not add up to 100. It would took 7 weeks to grade our midterm. His lectures were super boring, despite being once a week for 55 minutes. I never got a grade back for my final exam but I finished the class with an A. This was a strange experience.....
2.0 : He is honestly a horrible professor, which stinks because he is the only option for Tax, Estate and Trust Planning. He comes into class and just talks about random topics, never refers to specific chapters, never uses Powerpoints or any kind of reference material, and fails to answer questions clearly. He is so incredibly boring and opinionated.
2.0 : Took him for a legal studies course which is required for all business majors. Only 3 assignments, one of them being a long paper and the other a mid term and final. Expects so much out of students in an intro course. On top of only giving three assignments, he grades them harshly as well.
5.0 : You need to take him for Media &amp; Culture, or else you're wasting your time at Temple. He's really into helping students, and will work really hard to get you where you need to go. I loved class because I found it interesting, but it might be a little more work than you would want- I wrote 3 papers, two of which were only one page.
5.0 : He's nice and always try to make everything as detailed as possible. The class is well organized, lecture combines screening. Personally, maybe because Media and Culture is one of the core classes, so it's really hard to find something very interesting. However, he's class is really inspirational, I really like him. By the way, he uses this website
5.0 : Great professor! He's always so caring and make sure everyone understands what's he's talking about.  Get ready to do a lot of writing assignments, and participate in class.  I'll def recommend him. Best professor I've known so far. He's an expert in documentary and always gives a lot of thought-provoking ideas.
5.0 : Highlights everything on the power points that will be on tests. Super funny and keeps the class interesting. If you listen in class it's an easy A
5.0 : Had him at montco pottstwon. Great and funny once you get past the accent. Laid back and dosent seem to care much. Had one 5 page paper due at the end of the semester. No final exam, just a 4th regular 50 question test. No homework either. Easiest class yet if you just study the test materials!
5.0 : he's a great prof., funny and just a great prof. you'll be glad you took him
4.5 : Class was really easy. Had a weird grading scale where he takes your score on a test out of 80 questions and divides it by 4 to get a score out of 20 (rounding up). No + or - grades. Very interesting lecturer and it was easy to pay attention for each of the hour and 15 minute classes. Take him if you need to take Intro. He's the man.
4.5 : Mr Rice was great! He kept class short and if you impressed him in some small way, he loved you forever.
5.0 : i had professor rice for two classes seven years ago.  to this day whenever i have a problem i need to get guidance for, i contact him, and he always responds. i learned so much from him in his classes, both about the subjects and about life. .  he cares deeply about his students when they're in school and keeps caring after they graduate.
5.0 : Professor Rice was one of my all time favorite Professors.  As a 33 year old student in classes of 18 and 19 year olds he made me feel extremely comfortable and was always interested in what had to say.
3.0 : Although he's a nice guy, be prepared that this isn't an easy class. There's no textbook, the class isn't even listed on blackboard, he doesn't email ever, refuses to have reviews for exams, and the syllabus is literally words of encouragement in big font. No due dates or assignments on it. If you don't get the notes from his mouth, you're screwed.
4.0 : by far the best classes i ever took and best teacher i ever had, not just at Temple but in all my years as a student.  my only regret is that he didn't teach more courses; i'd have taken them for sure.  made learning a pleasure and i really learned a lot, not just about advertising and writing but also about life.
4.5 : everything you want in a good teacher and then some. it's like the man was born to teach.  goes out of his way to make sure you understand everything.  always willing to meet with you if you have any concerns. great sense of humor, makes classes fun, you learn more than just the subjects, invaluable life lessons as well.
4.5 : i already miss professor rice and his classes .  he made learning interesting and fun, whether it was writing workshop or media advertising.  he knows his stuff for sure. but more, he knows how to teach, how to keep students engaged.  truth is, i will ALWAYS be his student, and that feels good and right.
5.0 : Howard Rice is an amazing professor and a better man. The impact that he has made on me is immeasurable. He really cares about his students. I graduated from Temple 24 years ago and I still keep in touch with him.  Everyone should be lucky enough to have someone like Howard Rice in his or her life.
5.0 : i write this with pleasure and gratitude pleasure because it was a pleasure taking two classes with prof rice and gratitude because i will always be grateful for the way he taught and for all i learned, not just about advertising and writing but about life as well. he's the best of the best.
5.0 : Media Adv and Writing Workshop with prof Rice were two of the best courses I took in four years at Temple  AND prof Rice was the best teacher i had in any school ever.  very clear, very caring, very passionate about teaching
5.0 : new semester's going pretty good but i really miss taking a class with prof rice. had him for two and wish he taught more. sets up a great atmosphere, you look forward to coming to his classes, yes, even one at 8 in the morning.  all around A for him.
5.0 : Once your Howard Rice's student, he'll always be there for you . . . even long after you graduate.  He has helped me four times in the past three years, went out of his way every time, never made me feel I was imposing. he was a very good teacher he is a very good man
5.0 : from the first day of themedia adv class when he passed out a very detailed syllabus (and followed it throughout the course) all the way to the very clear and very fair final exam, prof rice did a great job. he made it easy to learn, fun to learn,  i would recommend this class and this professor without hesitation!
5.0 : howard rice went out of his way to make sure we understood everything and were well prepared for the tests.  his syllabus was comprehensive and he followed it point by point throughout the semester. he always treated us like adults and always showed how much he cared about us as people, not just as students in a media advertising course.
5.0 : puts more effort into teaching than any teacher i ever had. makes it clear from day one that he wants students to do well and goes out of his way to make sure they do. makes learning fun and interesting. could write a book about good things he does as a teacher.
5.0 : right from the first day of class when he puts on the syllabus I WANT YOU TO DO WELL in very large letters you really get the feeling that prof rice DOES want his students to do well and from the perspective of a student who had him for 2 classes he goes out of his way to help you do well.  i will miss him
2.0 : I found the lectures very unstructured and disorganized. Because of the technical nature of the class, this made learning more difficult. This class was mandatory for the first semester of the program but should be offered much later, once basic photography concepts are mastered by less costly means than film.
4.0 : Professor Bass is a hard grader, and his lectures make you fall asleep...BUT he does know his stuff. If you see him in the hallway and ask a question he will stop what he is doing to answer you. It's important to have professors that actually want you to come out of their course ABSORBING the information taught. Nice, approachable guy.
5.0 : Spots for undergrads in his directing class are a commodity with good cause. Bass is highly intelligent and attacks the nature of screen direction aggressively to help students understand more than just camera angles. He grades fairly, caring more about effort and expression than test scores. Every film student deserves at least one of his classes.
1.0 : Unorganized lectures. Drones on and on in a monotone voice. Good luck learning anything if you're a beginner.
5.0 : Super nice lady, one of the best I've had. We did have a few papers and a final volunteer project we had to do, but the class was really enjoyable. There were easy group quizzes and discussions. For our first paper she gave everyone a bad grade, but that was so we could try harder; she graded really easy afterwards. TAKE HER
5.0 : She is so understanding and will push back deadlines if you have a valid excuse. Her Eating Cultures course is so interesting and the material is enjoyable. There is hardly work outside of class and if there is it is more creative and fun. All the readings are posted and you can just skim them before you come to class.
5.0 : Prof. Moore-Martinez is the head of the Spanish Department at Temple University, however, she is one of the most approachable professors I have had the pleasure to take a class with.
5.0 : Everyone loves Patty. It's a fact. I wish every professor was as clear, intelligent, funny, and interesting as she was.
4.0 : I took eating cultures with her and she was amazing. She gave almost no quizzes or tests, unless the class wasn't prepared and didn't do their homework. There is a lot of class participation and interaction. She is there for you if you need help and lenient overall. I learned a lot with her.
5.0 : PMM is my girl, i love her so much. She is so sweet and caring and is there for you in any need. Eating cultures is super interesting and the book is like $10. There are a lot of readings and a few small papers but no tests or quizzes. You look at foods all around the world and even get to have 6 food banquets throughout the semester.
5.0 : OMG literally the most beautiful and amazing professor ever. Definitely a Temple University gem. She is SO helpful and really wants you to do well. If you take her, you need to attend all classes. Her in class lessons are just too valuable to miss because she teaches to the class and not to a standard book... so sometimes she will go on GREAT rants
5.0 : Took her exhibition class last year and took her again for fundraising because she was and is by far the most brilliant professor in the film department -- at least when it comes to producing. She goes out of her way to make sure you are learning what you need to make your film successful, and will even follow up with you after graduation.
5.0 : Dr. Gratson was one of the best professors I've ever had. He was extremely helpful and cares about his students very much. Although his class his hard, it is very thought provoking and worthwhile.
5.0 : Most influential and inspirational professor I have ever had the pleasure of knowing. His class was upbeat and fun. He is an amazing person and gives students a great perspective on learning and life.
3.5 : Dr. Gratson is a professor you will remember. He is SUPER quirky and is well spoken. The key to passing his class is to pay attention &amp; note everything he is saying (which you should be doing anyway). Especially because he likes to test on information he passes along in conversation during lecture. His grading system is a bit harsh, you'll live!
5.0 : Best prof at Temple. He is so involved and cares about everyone and what they have to say. As long as you are ready to take notes and read the book before the 4 exams you will be able to get an A.
5.0 : Great professor and very approachable. My favorite professor at TU to date. His class was easy, honest. No matter the course attend every class because it really will help. Thorough, multiple readings will get you an A  NOTE I had him for an intro class, but have heard that his argumentation class is very demanding (from both his students and he).
4.5 : He is a smart guy and though he throws a lot of info at you at times, he is more than willing to help outside of class, in fact he loves when students come to him for help. You have to earn your keep but you will grow as a result.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've had. He was extremely biased towards students who are brownnosers. And his exam questions were so abstract to the point where they were irrelevant e.g. where did this journalism professor grow up? He encourages students to buy their professors gifts if they want to succeed. A waste of my time, money, and energy.
4.5 : Only way you are not going to like him is if you don't take his class with an open mind. Scott is an excellent teacher &amp; an even better friend. 1 of his assignments requires all of his students to visit him in his office at least once in the semester. He does push his students to succeed &amp; so the work is not light, but he does care for his students
5.0 : Dr. Gratson is by far the bet prof at /temple. He cares so much about his students and is always willing to help in any way he can. His class is super easy of you take good notes/ go to the test reviews. There is a group project but it is super easy and he curves all the grades, as well as drops the lowest grade you get. He is such a good teacher!
5.0 : Gratson genuinely cares about each and every one of his students, even if they aren't a Communications major. There's only 4 exams on 4 modules that are on the online book. Everything is clear as day in it. The project is annoying, but a good experience. Make sure to get to know him and talk to him. Definitely a teacher you want on your side!
5.0 : Dr. Gratson is one of Temple's gems. His class introduces you to the field both academically and professionally. He is genuinely interested in your success and cares about you beyond the classroom. Take time to study each module, and you'll be golden. The group project could be very beneficial if you make decisions wisely. I utterly adore Gratson.
5.0 : Dr. Gratson is one of my favorite Professors. He genuinely cares about his student's success and teaches students life lessons that carry much merit outside of the classroom. Overall awesome Professor and I recommend him to everyone regardless what their major is.
4.5 : One of the best professors Temple has to offer!
5.0 : Dr. Gratson is great.  He may come across as vague with his expectations but if you put in the work and use your creativity, you will get a lot out of this class.  There were assignments due often, but that's the nature of summer courses.  You can learn a lot about yourself and be prepared to succeed in the real world.  Dr. Gratson is still a gem!
5.0 : The most intelligent and passionate professor you will ever have, guaranteed. He loves what he does and loves working with students. A hard grader, but only because he wants you to to really learn in his class (especially if you're a comm studies major). Taught me so much about communications and how to succeed in general; kept me coming to class
3.0 : Love Dr. Gratson, I truly do but don't take him for an upper-level class. Most likely your class will be writing-intensive and there will be no syllabus to guide you on what to do, just what he says in class verbatim. In theory, this would be great IF the directions were concise and weren't changing all the time. Office hours are frustrating.
4.5 : He's tough but really cares. So go to class, prove that you're taking it seriously, and actually take it seriously and you'll do well and make a great connectionmentor in the process. His CMST 1111 tests are absolutely the hardest of any of this classes. They're impossible, you have to memorize the articles from beginning to end.
4.0 : He teaches you about a lot of random stuff (Harlem Shake for example),  his tests are difficult, and the readings are long and require memorization. But if you put the effort in and are interested, you'll do well. He's a really nice guy and wants to help you however he can. He's super obnoxious about New York though, and he's not even from there!
5.0 : Had him for the NY Study Away Program. Never met a man who was so knowledgeable and passionate about NYC. His class was half lecture and half going outside and exploring the city. It was really easy and informative.
4.5 : Dr. Gratson is an amazing teacher and really cares about his students. His class is by no means a walk in the park. He makes you work for your grade and wants you to learn to work hard in order to be successful, which helps you later in life. If you visit him in his office he will give you all the help you could need, but you must make the effort.
3.0 : Jesus... this class is freaking hard!!! Don't take it unless you have to. Dr. Gratson is a cool guy. But his lecture can be really boring sometimes and his exams were just ridiculously hard. It is so overwhelming. Plus he doesn't go over the exams and you don't get them back,  so you wouldn't even be able to know where you did wrong.
4.0 : Greatest guy to walk the earth. loves his students and they love him back. I have him for  a three hour lecture once a week and I dont mind going to class at all. he is hilarious and loves to help you in any way he can. take him if you have the chance!!
5.0 : Easily the best professor I ever had. Extremely helpful. He is truly a man who loves his job and cares for his students immensely. He is a brilliant, someone I wish everyone had the honor to be taught by/
4.5 : Hes the best prof I've ever had. He's extremely knowledgeable and helpful but he gives few A's, and grades tough. You have to show up to class to learn anything, and study hard for tests but he is always willing to help during office hours. Wait in the line!!! It's worth it
5.0 : I loved Dr. Gratson so much and his class was such a great one to start the major with. He really cares about every student even though it's a big lecture. He is for sure my favorite professor I've had at Temple after 3 semesters. 3 exams and a final, lowest grade is dropped, one big semester-long group project, and a 2-page intro paper. The best!!
4.0 : Dr. Gratson has made me appreciate my education so much more. He is so inspiring and really cares about his students and their future. His lectures do get off topic and this happens often, but it still makes class fun. He's very persistent about the readings and if you don't read you won't pass. 10/10 would recommend his class to anyone!
4.0 : Gratson is an amazing speaker which should be expected as he is teaching Comm. He is extremely passionate and works a lot with students. He curves his tests, but questions are specific to the lectures and textbook. He is very busy so he might not be able to always fit time in his day for you, but he does accommodate students in his office hours.
5.0 : Take her - she's a sweetheart who really cares to get to know you.
4.5 : Professor Fauber is a great lecturer.  He was my favorite out of all the amazing psych professors we had for Intro to Psych.  He has a lot of experience in the field (counseling, etc.), so he's able to share his insights based on that.  I really understood all of the concepts he tried to convey, and felt I learned a lot.  I would recommend.
3.5 : I took psych 1001 and it was taught by 3 different professors. Fauber was most definitely the favorite of the 3. He's so nice and SOO interesting and doesn't just spit the book back in your face. Also, unlike a lot of professors, he tells you exactly what part of the chapters you need to read. Take him
5.0 : Ed is an awesome professor! One of the best I've had. He is very repetitive, which helps you remember so much more! He may go fast at times but he will always stop and ask if you are getting all the info. He will always be glad to repeat anything you need! Take him if you want to pass Anatomy and Physio Labs!!
5.0 : He is extremely repetitive which is so helpful for this topic, he is grounded and down to earth, treats you like an adult, is very clear and easy to follow, has a good sense of humor and helps you get done what you need to get done. Too bad lecture teacher is not good, but this lab teacher knows his stuff, he's been doing it for decades.
5.0 : This class is AMAZING, but DON'T TAKE IT IF YOU DON'T LIKE SCARY PEOPLE. Three novels, three essay drafts you'll later revise. I actually learned stuff in this English class! Dr. Winch has a Socratic method of teaching, and our class discussions are fascinating. I'm so glad I signed up for this class; it has made me start thinking a different way.
5.0 : Mr. Winch is such an amazing, down-to-earth guy! He is my favorite teacher at Temple. I never liked English, but I LOVED his class. He made each lecture so interesting! He does not follow the usual 802 curriculum, he chooses books about violence. His essays are long but he's very helpful. I would take any class with Mr. Winch again in a heartbeat!
5.0 : Great teacher! I'm not much of a speaker and very shy, but I believe his classes are very interesting. I felt like my writing was sliding a bit in college, but with his critical analysis and help, you'll write an amazing paper! He provides extra sources that you can use for your papers and he also lets us watch movie adaptions of novels in class!
4.0 : Mr. Winch is an outstanding teacher/person who doesn't let the stressors of life influence his teaching, he is courteous too students allowing them to express their desired point ads a good touch of humor into the curriculum toaid the learning, and is in more than one way a major part of my life desitions are based solemnly on him. Thanks Mr. Winch
5.0 : Professor winch is funny! he enlightens the class, he seems sarcastic at first but  once you get yo know him he's a nice old guy with a big brain full of things. Great english teacher, he teacher you from a different level. Other than Shakespeare and other boring readings he focuses on things like gender and food.
5.0 : Professor Winch provides great feedback on essays and gives really good essay prompts. He is very caring and gives great lectures, the more you agree with what he's saying the easier the essays and class.
5.0 : Dr. Winch is a pretty cool guy. His Analytical Reading and Writing class is a bit different, you read three novels and write three papers plus four reading response mini essays. Good lecturer, doesn't waste your time, pretty helpful. It's a lot of reading but I would recommend taking his class.
4.0 : Amazing teacher, hands down the best english teacher I've had at Temple. The classes are always fun/thought provoking, books he assigns are interesting, overall a great class and teacher. Not necessarily a easy A but overall a pretty "easy going" class, the only major assignment being the portfolio that I believe are required in all english classes
3.0 : He teaches three novels throughout the semester that he knows really well. You discuss the novels during class and even watch the movies afterward! Take notes and use everything he says in your reading responses and essays. He is not too open to different opinions, but he respects your take and requires participation and attendance.
5.0 : I had Winch for 0701 and 0802, and he's a really great guy. All of 0802 novels are about violence, and you actually watch the film adaptations for two of them. His essays are pretty tough, but he will provide insightful feedback during the one-on-one conferences. He's also got a great sense of humor, try to not get discouraged by his massive beard.
5.0 : Winch is great! try to agree with him though... he doesn't like opinions that don't agree with his.
4.0 : His teaching style is old-fashioned; you'll have individual conferences with him on each of the 3 essays(5, 6, 8 pages) and he requires active participation and attendance. The reading is enjoyable, but the writing is burdensome. He wants you to write about what he says in class, so take notes. He's openly liberal and it influences his discussion.
5.0 : Great Teacher. As long as you finish the assigned work which isn't much you will do fine. Attendance is required and part of your grade. Had 4 essays and 4 small response essays. The books are required for the course. Very interesting lectures and a funny sense of humor. I highly recommend taking this class.
4.0 : Great professor, different outlook on life which I enjoy. Around 50 yr old hipster with great sense of humor and sarcasm. Gives amazing feedback and wants you to succeed. Attendance for class helps immensely
4.0 : Professor Winch is very knowledgable about the subject. Although his class is quite tough but he makes it enjoyable, especially the class discussions. He is certainly not easy, he makes you work for it but he is not extremely hard either. He cares about students &amp; if you need help, come to his office hours. He is very helpful. You will learn a lot!
5.0 : Dr. Winch is really an amazing guy. I came into college with little to no interest in English, his class taught me to think differently. You have to write four big essays and four mini reading response essays. His readings are long, but interesting. He keeps lectures upbeat. I liked him so much that I registered to have him for ENG 0802!!!
4.5 : Dr. Krakow is great and she makes Basic Speech as straightforward as possible. The class is comprised of 3 mandatory exams and one optional exam, all of which are multiple choice. She really wants students to do well and doesn't mind explaining things over and over until you understand. Also, she lets you get any edition of the book, (mine was $6).
5.0 : Great teacher, I had her for Cities. Her class is mostly discussion based. No textbook, but expect to make reflections on the readings about every week or so. The material isn't too bad, but I would only take this class if you're really interested or a GUS major (which you have to anyway).
3.0 : Not a bad professor, his class is boring, I passed out in my seat many a day. He is a tough grader, but he is knowledgeable and a decent dude.
5.0 : Best professor I've had out of my four years here.  He makes the class super interesting.  I was never THAT interested in US history, but i loved going to his lectures because I learned a great deal.  You can tell he loves what he does, which is super refreshing.
2.0 : Dr. Young is extremely boring and dull in every class meeting. The lectures are long, boring and pointless. You can just show up and play and your laptop for the entire class and pass with ease. He makes you buy two textbooks that he wrote himself, but are barely needed/used so proceed with caution in this aspect.
4.5 : While the lectures can be pretty dull and long, I feel like I could listen to hours of this professor's stories and life experiences outside of a class. He is very passionate about history, dissent, and music particularly from the 1960's. If you need a fairly easy GenEd and wanna learn some neat history from a wise professor, take Young!
4.0 : He is good teacher if you are interested in the subject. Very knowledgeable. One problem is he never puts anything in blackboard which is annoying because i could be failing the course and not knowing. You don't really have to go to class, he will have the occasional sign in sheet though, otherwise everything is in the syllabus.
4.0 : Got to love this man. He loves what he teaches and loves teaching it. Very informal type of class and overall just a really sweet, easy going, intelligent guy. Made me want to be a history major.   Easiness depends on the TA. The class is not assignment intensive, if you listen in class and just read the intro to each entry in the bookyoull be ok
1.0 : Even though he gives extra credit, its still a very hard class. He lectures every class about things you won't find on a test. His tests are usually only two questions which make it very difficult to get a good grade.
5.0 : Love this guy! Honestly such an inspirational professor, makes the class more about learning and listening than about grades. He keeps the atmosphere calm and intellectually interesting while sometimes playing music or getting in to a discussion.
5.0 : An amazing storyteller. Has a soothing voice, which is dangerous if you are tired you may fall asleep. Overall, a lovely class and very well taught.
3.5 : Its the same thing every class. Go in and he lectures. Some can be funny others are very dull. He does bring his guitar in one day and play for you which is fun. He is extremely passionate about this topic and very knowledgeable which helps. As for the grading, it all depends on who you get for your TA.
5.0 : Dr. Young is an incredibly fair professor. He's a repository of historical knowledge, and  his erudition is obvious in his lectures. He also tells great stories about some of the most revered historical figures. Dr. Young is very receptive and encourages dialogue. All in all,  great professor! Take him if you have the privilege.
5.0 : I really learned a lot in this class thanks to Young. He's very knowledgable about the subjects, and while some lectures are kind of dull, you can tell he is really passionate. He's also very clear about assignments and reasonable about his expectations. One of the better professors I've encountered so far
5.0 : Easy A, everything is online, tutors show you how to do the homework, no need to go to class and Exams are open note - Chegg will be your best bet for tests.
4.0 : He's the man, his real life experiences he talks about are inspirational, makes you wanna do something with your life. Study the slides to prepare for tests, no textbook, do the work, you'll end up fine.
5.0 : His class was very inspirational to me when I had him last semester.  He taught us that life was about experiences and doing a great job, not just a good job.  He went into great detail about the topics in class using his real life experiences.  I was so happy to take his class and actually learn, wish there was more of him and less tenured prof.
4.0 : I took his class base upon my friends who had him previously and he's just like a robot now covering so much material in a short time.  It's basically, here's what you need to know to pass the four exams that we have.  Four exams, that's just crazy and weekly homework.  All those exams cut class time.  No reason so attend class since online.
5.0 : He's turned into one of "them" now with this stupid standard course.  Why are some sections standard and others not - which is way easier.  I signed up for his class to actually learn something, not like the other professor who teach you nothing but math that we will NEVER use.  How can Temple be so proud anymore..
5.0 : I'd say he's doing as best a job he can given the parameters that he's allowed.  Spends a lot of time on problems as opposed to teaching us the subject matter but that's because no one is prepared or tries, so we waste time.  With exams only being problems there's also no reason to waste 3 hours in class when you can get a tutor for 15 minutes.
5.0 : How can you not get copy/paste to work and we're also tired of hearing you apologize because the system doesn't work.  Fix it or don't use it.  Biggest waste of time class ever.  It was funny to watch most people leave yesterday after yet again, the software didn't work properly and this is what we use to take an exam.
4.5 : It's been one crazy semester.  He covered the material great and I learned the real world applications that I wanted to.  The software is a waste of time since you will never use it again - it's only used to do the weekly assignments and exams.  If you learn the software, or go to the tutor, there's no reason to go to class anymore which is sweet.
5.0 : I must say he is one of the better looking professors that I've had and he's kinda funny.  He gets excited about the topics so it's not boring but the software needs help.  Way to much disconnect between the professor and the software as he doesn't get to make his own homework or tests anymore so content is lacking.
5.0 : What a waste of time this class is.  You cover topics that are not your major and you use software that's broken and assigned only to this class.  He doesn't know how or when the exams are made - and you're a professor??  He does cover the material very well but what's the point.  After week 6 I stopped going and just used the software.
5.0 : Hard to see at times, but he really does care about his students; why else would he be teaching a 6:30 night class after working full time all day? Sad to see that most students don't reciprocate that feeling of care. He makes the class as easy as he can for you, but he is not going to give any handouts.
5.0 : Professor - was very knowledgeable about the topics and real world applications. Software - was a challenge to say the least given hardware and software issues.  Laptops were horrible to use.  Software was easy to use when it worked.  We had a lot of issues with copy paste and incorrect answers. He did try to train us to recognize incorrect answers
5.0 : He was good.  The tests were horrible but he didn't make them up so I really can't blame him.  Most students didn't like him though because he wouldn't spoon feed them, you could tell he was annoyed at the end of the semester with the questions students would ask repeatedly. Students today need to learn, not be handed a grade and he forced learning
4.0 : he is ok. clear grading criteria. only advantage is you dont have to go to class except for quizzes and test. you have to know the material to pass the class. excel part is easy. basically you just copy paste and excel will give you the answers. study and you will be rewarded. god bless you all
5.0 : great professor, clear grading format
4.0 : Didn't even go to class once he showed me the software.  Tests are hard because they are timed at 80 minutes.  He blamed the class for not learning and practicing for the low grades on the exams - maybe if the exams were easier we would all pass.
5.0 : He's pretty cool but these 80 minute exams blow, especially with no extra credit.  Are we here to learn software to take an exam or are we here to increase our knowledge.  He talks a good game though and has lots of experience but we spend way to much time on ExcelOM because nobody wants to learn it to be prepared for class which annoys me.
5.0 : Just wrapped up six weeks of what I though was going to be awful and it turned out great.  He applied every topic to a vast example list of real world from both himself and involving the class.  The explanation of the answers from the ExcelOM were very good and he made them applicable to real world and how they should be utilized as a KPI with some
4.0 : Jon is a pretty cool guy. ExcelOM is a big part of the course. It takes time getting used to but it's easy for the most part. 2 exams that are 14 problems each and worth 70% of your grade, 20% is weekly homework, and 10% for 4 quizzes. Fairly simple class. Show up, pay attention to example problems, do the homework, and you'll pass.
1.0 : Week 2 and I want to transfer out but can't.  Why are you going over so much material about each chapter if we only get graded on problems.  Teach me the ExcelOM problems and let us out.  There's no reason to teach us the material if it's not graded and no one cares.
5.0 : This class makes no sense to me as everything that he talks about and wants us to learn, isn't even covered in the exam.  The exam is all problems from the assignments which are on line so why even hold lecture.  No one cares about what you have done and all of your examples.  You're so smart but you can't tell that no one is paying attention.
5.0 : Jon is one of the rare professors at Fox who genuinely cares about his students and is excited about teaching the course. Jon's sense of humor and ability to effortlessly to weave his life/work experience into his lessons helped keep students engaged in what would otherwise be a dull, monotonous lecture. HW is mandatory but he reviews in class :)
5.0 : This professor takes the initiative to understand what a student is going thorough. He was able to work around the personal problems i faced this semester and gave me an opportunity to succeed. Beyond from his caring nature, he is on top of his material. All files and material are readily available and very convenient.
4.0 : Just pay attention and remember to study for the "POP" quizes. He says the class is really easy but still pay attention and you will do well.
5.0 : Best professor in the CS department so far. He's such nice professor &amp; very good at explaining difficult concepts. Always makes sure that students understand the materials. His quizzes &amp; exams are very fair, it's literally everything that you learn in class, no trick questions whatsoever. I learned a lot in his class, take him if you can!
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had at Temple. Teaches what is relevant and excludes tedious topics. Grades very easily, quizzes every 2-3 weeks but reviews the material before a quiz always. Everything on the midterm and final are first on his quizzes. All the material is on his powerpoints. Labs are super easy. I got the textbook but pdf avail online
5.0 : Best CS Professor Currently at Temple.  Anything that he teaches, it you can take it. do so.  The material he covers may be hard, but he is the clearest, most helpful teacher, so his class will be the "easiest" to do well in.  Even when you have to cover boring machine code, he somehow makes it engaging. Organize your schedule around him.
5.0 : Probably my favorite Professor thus far af Temple. He's more than fair on assignments and has really great lectures that show the method of coding, and then he cements it into your head with a bunch of examples. He's also funny and makes his class fun and relateable. His assignment go from really easy to pretty challenging but it wasn't too bad.
5.0 : This guy is really FUNNY! He makes class very interesting. He explains things in the simplest way for students to understand. His assignments are sometimes pretty long and hard, but the grading is really easy. He basically tells you 95% of what is going to be on quiz and exams. Would recommend this professor for this network architecture class.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Temple so far. Some might find the material challenging, but if you're struggling, speak up and he's happy to help. Gives you old midterms to study from and he barely makes any changes to them.
5.0 : Prof. Fiore is the best CS professor I have had thus far. He has great lectures that make coding easy to understand. His homework assignments can be quite hard by the end of the semester but they are still manageable. His test are hard but he prepares you pretty well so it isn't impossible to do good on them.
5.0 : He gives a lot of assignments, which can be really difficult and will often come at the worst possible times. Overall, he was fair and there were plenty of opportunities for extra credit on assignments. If you don't keep on top of things it's easy to get overwhelmed by the material though. His lectures are pretty good and he tells lots of jokes.
5.0 : Just as the other reviews say, Fiore is a nice guy and a good teacher. He telegraphs everything that is going to be on the tests and quizzes beforehand so as long as you put in a little work studying the material, you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : Fiore is a cool guy, he's pretty laid back and makes a lot of jokes, but more importantly he explains concepts well and makes himself available to answer questions outside of class. He generally gives one lab assignment per week but you have more than 7 days to complete it. The text book isn't required and he doesnt take attendance. Worth taking!
3.0 : His biggest problem is that the explanations he gives for things are much more complex then the answers you're supposed to give on the tests. Otherwise pretty good, he actively thinks of ways to better explain difficult concepts. He's labs are dull, but easy.
3.5 : He is a nice man. If you guyz knew the stuff, go with him.. Take him.... In my class, lots of students dropped in the beginning itself. If you're new in C, You will suffer a lot. Can't say anything. It depends on the professor. After all it was so hardest ever i did before.
5.0 : Get ready to work/learn, this class is no joke. Only 4 lab assignments all semester, but they are long and difficult. Quizzes are based on material from lecture slides. Questions from quizzes reappear on midterm and final. Fiore is a great professor and does a wonderful job teaching one of, if not the, hardest class in the department. Good luck!
3.5 : Hardest class I ever did. I dropped this class.
4.5 : Professor Fiore is very helpful in preparing for the future classes. His assignments are really long (like 20+ hours) but they really teach you the material. He is always willing to meet with you to discuss feedback and help you out but only if you reach out. He actually understands that lecture is too long of a time block and tries to break it up.
5.0 : Very funny professor. Gives 2 midterms and a final and weekly programming assignments that are doable and offers help if needed. Easy to joke around with but knows his stuff and excels at teaching it to students.
4.5 : The assignments are very hard and you should get started on them really early. The quizzes are easy and the midterm and final comes from the midterm/final samples he gives you. Be prepared to study really hard if you want an A. No need to buy the textbook.
5.0 : She was a great teacher  but you have to study from her notes. I would definitely recommend taking her notes and understanding them.  Book is just for your reference but other than that you don't need the text. Hand down best professor learned a lot of stuff!!
1.0 : She's honestly so awful. Her notes are all over the place, she grades SO unfairly - takes points off for literally everything. Her self-esteem is through the roof, acts like everyone should always understand what she's talking about yet she's behind on lectures half the time. Don't take her unless you have to &amp; take good notes if you DO.
1.0 : I honestly think she is very knowledgeable. However, she doesnt get the fact everybody learns in a different way. The class material is very challenging, lectures fast, very intimidating. I would not recommend. she creates an environment where learning is fun.
3.0 : This is a hard course but it is do-able. I am not one to study everyday but make sure you pay attention in lecture. The exams are multiple choice, t/f and matching. Go to study sessions re-watch lectures you'll do fine. Also make sure you're getting 8s and higher on lab quizzes it'll save your grade a bit.
5.0 : Dr. Santiago is the best professor I had at Temple. She expects a great deal from her students but she is so passionate about physiology that it radiates out to her students. She is very willing to help if you schedule a meeting in her office. She is one of the smartest and most caring women I know. ***DEFINITELY go in for extra help (both lab&amp;lec)
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Temple. Her lectures and test are straight forward there's no surprises. The text isn't required but is helpful to read over the pages she gives you for clarity. Going to lecture is important since this is what your test is based off of not your text. If you miss a class make sure you get the notes. And ask questions.
1.0 : Super pompous, thinks shes superior to everyone. People in this class are afraid to speak their minds so she just gets away with everything. Only gave us 3 exams and 3 very difficult bonus quizzes. Got upset after the second bonus quiz because the class didnt do well and didnt give one till the end. Worst teacher ever, needs to b reevaluated
1.0 : He didnt asssign accounting problems as hmk and his tests and quizzes were entirely multiple choice, which is in contrast of how acct is taught by almost every other professor at Temple and community college. I dont believe acct can be truely learned in this manner. Furthermore, I couldnt understand his project. Transfer students need to be warned.
5.0 : One of the best but also most difficult. Be prepared to work in his class. Tricky tests but provides past 3 semesters to give a feel for structure and content. Group project also takes a long time to do, so don't procrastinate.
5.0 : He knows the materials and teaches it so well. He reviews everything carefully before every test too. You'll know exactly what to study and expect when you come to take a test. I'm taking him again next semester.
5.0 : Malandra is the best accounting professor. He gives you everything you need to succeed and it's up to you to use what he gives and master it. Study past exams and cpa exam questions and you'll be good. My suggestion is to read the textbook, watch the videos, stay on track with the material week to week, and get as many cpa points as you can.
5.0 : "Ladies and gentlemen, if you do bad on this test it's not the end of the world. We'll just see you next semester."
3.0 : Now a lot of people claim Malandra is a good prof due to the past exams that he posts. And it is true anyone who goes through with it could get at least a 70 or so in their exam. But Malandra's problem is his teaching style. It's tough to learn the subject of accounting that way. But then again this is college and you gotta do the work yourself!
3.5 : Not a bad teacher, just a tough subject. nice guy, mandatory attendance, lots of useless homework every week, impossible project.  tests are tough but he  puts up past exams. The avg grade of the final exam was a 56, so there was a large curve. Wouldnt reccomend or not, but hes the only teacher for intermediate.
5.0 : If you study the past exams, you will do just fine. I bombed the final and still received a B+. the group project was ridiculous though, very hard.
5.0 : Very good professor for Intermediate Accounting I. Posts many past exams online that assist you in studying for upcoming tests. Favorite accounting teacher I have ever had, plan on taking him for Intermediate II.
4.5 : Intermediate II is tough and there is no way in getting around that, but Malandra tries hard and really cares. Also funny sometimes, but in like a confused older uncle kind of way. Probably your best option for Intermediate I and II.
5.0 : Great teacher! Yes, his tests are hard, but the curves are very large. So technically you don't need to get a 100 or A's on every test to get an A, you just need to be towards the top of the curve. Study the practice exams and past exams over and over again for the tests. Also study the concepts because he tests frequently on those.
5.0 : Professor Malandra might be the best professor at Temple. The material for Intermediate Accounting II is daunting but he is awesome at helping you understand it. He encourages questions and interaction which makes for a great learning experience. One must put forth a lot of effort to pass this class so if you have to take it, take Malandra.
5.0 : You will work a lot in this class, but you will learn accounting like the back of your hand. So if that's what you're looking for, take this professor. He posts past exams and instructional videos and goes over the material thoroughly in class. His accounting cycle project is absolutely ridiculous, but he is a fantastic teacher.
4.5 : Class was really tough, but he was a good teacher. Notes and past exams are all online. Tests are REALLY hard, especially final exam. Also, mandatory participation (raising your hand and standing up to be grilled by Marco). Besides that he is a good teacher
4.5 : Notes and past exams are all online. Tests are REALLY hard, especially final exam. Mandatory to participate (and I also recommend it). This class in general is really tough. But compared to other professors, I honestly think he is the best professor to teach this class. You learn a lot from him.
4.5 : Super nice guy.  I took him for intermediate 1 and I am currently taking him for intermediate 2.  Tests and quizzes are pretty hard.  He gives you an insane amount of material you can use to prep though.  He posts past exams, chapter concepts, PPTs, really good quality videos etc.  This class is hard but since you have to take it, take it with Mala
4.5 : Its a tough class and I don't there's a better professor for it. He explains things in such an understanding way. He gives points for participation and if you have a lot in the end it could really help you. 3 quizzes that are conceptual. 3 exams and a cumulative final. you HAVE to watch the videos before class, they help so much. put in the work.
5.0 : It's a hard class but Malandra does a very good job explaining the concepts. Start studying early. Watching videos prior to class for CPA points. Easily one of the best professors I've had. Every Accounting class I've taken was boring. This one wasn't.
5.0 : Malandra is an amazing professor. This class is hard as heck (lots and lots of difficult accounting concepts), but he will make the course tolerable. Get CPA points and make sure to study BEFORE each class. Exams are hard but somewhat predictable.
4.0 : Wiley is incredibly hilarious, but her lectures can be boring. Every class came with a reading and homework that had to be done before class. Only 3 papers that had to be written, but offered revisions that could help improve your grade. The only complaint is that there is no place where you could view your grade. I had no idea what my grade was.
5.0 : Wiley is the  teacher I've had in my time at TU. She's helpful and she maps out what is expected in your paper entries. She has the tendency to get off topic during lectures but never too intensive. She's a great person and always picks up the mood of the classroom regardless of students input. Wiley helped make disecting novels enjoyable and fun.
5.0 : Take her class!!!! She could make an intriguing discussion out of any boring subject. She's so funny and SO nice I can't stress enough how much I enjoyed her class. She's a very easy grader and though she assigns a lot of reading, you could get by just fine without reading any of it. Definitely participate a lot though.
5.0 : I LOVE THIS WOMAN. Prof Wiley is probably one of my favorite people in the whole wide world. You can learn so much just from watching her creative process, and she really cares about you and your success. She does everything she can to make sure her students are successful, and she really cares about student feedback. I lover her, TAKE HER CLASS!
3.0 : Shes super sweet. Sometimes not to great with explaining articles. The textbook is required but you literally only read 5 -8 articles in the whole book so you best bet is finding out if they have to book in the library and the scan the few articles (some of them are online as well) save you money. Essay topics sometimes are hard to understand. GL:)
2.0 : Our grades were based entirely on a few papers, which she graded very harshly.  Most people got Cs on their first drafts, but she allowed us to fix them and bring it up to a B if we were lucky.  She also has a very specific model for writing.  All of our class time was spent having dull conversations.  Too hard of a grader for a gened class.
3.0 : Only three papers dictate your grade, so it's hard to get an A unless you do exactly as she wants. Wants you to "examine" text, so no thesis. She allows revisions, but never posts grades. Get ready to work hard and have lots of conferences if you want a good grade in this class. She's enthusiastic about subject matter, but lectures can be boring.
4.5 : Take Professor Wiley. This is my second semester with Wiley and I have nothing, but nice things to say about her. She is very quirky which makes class interesting. She never holds you for the hour 40 minute class. Very very very helpful during the conferences. She loves her work and loves her students. One of my favorite professors at Temple!
4.0 : Extremely nice! Just make sure you do the reading because it's very obvious during class lectures/discussions if you didn't! Ms. Wiley is great and is very helpful if you need it with papers and homework!
4.0 : Just make sure you do the reading because it's very obvious during class lectures/discussions if you didn't! Ms. Wiley is great and is very helpful if you need it with papers and homework!
4.0 : Professor Wiley is a good professor but her class is sooo boring. It is way too long and we don't learn much in the class. She is a very nice lady and it is an easy class. There is only 3 papers and no tests.
5.0 : He's a really funny guy who really likes what he does. I got extensions on papers merely by asking. Makes a lot of jokes and the class is more discussion-based than lecture which is good. He walks you through your papers, making the class really easy.
3.0 : Not being an English fan myself, this class was very enjoyable. He only assigns 3 papers that are not too long, but does have readings for every class. He is hilarious in everything that he does as well. He gives great directions and is a very bright professor. He choses interesting topics to work with as well. I highly recommend Prof. Lukin.
2.0 : Lukin is a nice guy but I found myself disagreeing with most of the reviews here. His class drags on-especially the hour and 40 minute lecture. The class is writing 3 papers that you edit throughout the semester. The paper topics are easy enough to write about but the length is too long for the topics he assigns. Take him for an easy A but be wary
3.0 : He is a good teacher although assigns long readings each class. The readings aren't always interesting and can be very long and boring. Papers are anywhere between 6-9 pages. Even though class is twice a week, class itself is very long. He's a quirky dude and tries to make jokes and have fun.
4.0 : I ran into personal issues and couldn't attend class, or even submit papers on time, however he was EXTREMELY understanding of my situation and even allowed me to turn in a paper for my portfolio a week after it was due! If you don't read the readings, you will struggle and not understand anything. The whole class is reading and discussion based.
3.0 : Dr. Lukin is a good teacher to have for english.  His class is very consistent and you do essentially the same thing for every class so if you do miss a class it's very easy to catch up.  He however stutters a lot and it's sometimes hard to understand what he's saying.  He sometimes is not clear in his directions.  His class though is very easy.
4.0 : Dr. Lukin is a great professor. He's a bit quirky but funny. This course isn't a stressful one at all and the biggest assignments are two essays (that have been fixed throughout the semester) and a final portfolio of cumulative work throughout the course. The readings are a bit lengthy and sometimes boring but other than that I enjoyed the class.
5.0 : One of the greatest teachers I've ever encountered. Great guy and has a great knowledge for everything he teaches. Gives you every chance to succeed and truly cares about his students. Absolutely hilarious as well. One take him 10/10 times.
3.0 : I had Lukin for Survey of American Literature. He's an okay professor. He seems to care about his students, but the workload is VERY heavy. If you don't like to read, DO NOT take his class! It is NOT an Easy A and you really have to work for your grade.
4.0 : Lukin is a great teacher, you will read a lot in this class and do four papers but it's all interesting. You will also watch YouTube videos, if you need help just ask and lukin will be willing to guide you in the right direction. I loved his class &amp; would take it again
5.0 : Josh Lukin has been one of the highlights of my Temple career. Took AmLitII a year ago and still feel gratified by his personality and the fulfillment that class gave me. Serious, intelligent people -- take this! You'll be thrilled. Lots of reading, lots of pop quizzes, but his humor is priceless; classes are stimulating. Loved every minute.
5.0 : Very kind and friendly, always willing to meet outside of class to give you extra feedback on your writing. I have been trying to get her again.
4.0 : She was good and fairly easy. The papers are ALL ABOUT NATURE. Most of it was pretty boring but she helped a lot with correcting and helping you out.
3.0 : She is nice, but here jokes are not funny and as I am in her English as her second language class, she talks to us as if we are stupid
5.0 : Professor White is so nice, but her class is boring. I took Creative Acts and it was pretty easy but she doesn't really help improve your writing skills. She also doesn't grade on how well your poems or short stories are - I don't know what she grades on. But she is very nice and will always help you.
3.5 : As a whole she is a good teacher, and wants to help students but she is not a good professor.  Our personalities clashed and we did not get a long.  She does not like student who "talk to much" and made a few rude comments to me even though i was on topic and not having side conversations and on being an athlete.  Not a difficult class though
3.0 : Nice but such a boring class.
4.0 : All the papers are on food. She helps us come up with the prompts to our papers. She is a sweet and helpful professor. Also an easy grader :). She is accessible after class. She is willing to give you more feedback than the required.
5.0 : All the papers are on nature and we come up with the prompts. She is a sweet and helpful professor. Also an easy grader :)
5.0 : She is so wonderful. Theory is a difficult subject for many but she makes it fun and enjoyable. She is always available for help with anything. Also responds to emails promptly. A great professor to take theory with and also a talented flautist. Highly recommend!!!
5.0 : Dr. Folio is by far one of the finest musicians I have had the pleasure of working with. She is a brilliant theorist, and explains concepts clearly. Though theory is not an easy subject for most, there are no surprises; and if you work hard, you will succeed. She is always willing to help or meet 1 on 1. Take her if you have the chance!
4.0 : Dr. Bloxton is a great guy. The class was a breeze. He is a little out there but a very nice man. His lectures are not very helpful and his review sessions are unorganized, but the tests are so easy that it didn't matter. He gave between 8 and 15 extra credit points on each test.
4.0 : Bloxton is a sweetheart. I fell asleep in almost every lecture but the guy is funny and truly cares about his students. His class was pretty boring. The class itself isn't that hard. If you need those hw points, do them. I only used the textbook to do the hw. Tests aren't too bad. Labs are tedious and boring.
4.5 : He is pretty easy compare to other professors but you must put in effort. If you just practice practice exams that he makes for each mid-term exams you will be fine in mid term exams.
4.5 : Professor Bloxton is amazing. I zone out of his lectures sometimes but he offers an optional drill session on things, which is really helpful! The midterm and the final make up most of the grade so study up for those but otherwise pretty simple and enjoyable.
3.0 : He is a great professor and really cares about his students. He's a funny guy. I felt as though the class lectures and labs are catered to nursing/pre-med students. However, although there is a lot of work, this class is worth taking with him.
4.0 : Easy online quizzes and you do learn cool and interesting stuff, great class up until we were assigned a 20-25 page paper right after the midterm.
5.0 : Evidence Based Policing had cool guest speakers, readings, and stories from Dr. R. Not too much work except the final paper. Great prof for any CJ major to take but you need a sense of humor. Cancels class kinda regularly. PS don't comment on anything political in his class unless you know he's gonna agree.
4.0 : I loved having professor Rushi, he really takes his time to explain the chapter and doesn't jump right into it. He makes jokes from time to time so just nod and smile.  His quizes are easy  and some of them are take home.
4.0 : Class is kind of easy. He doesn't know english very well so sometimes it gets hard to follow. Nonetheless, he is always in a happy mood and you can always get help from him.
1.0 : His English is horrible and his teaching skills are non existent. He gets angry when asked questions and gives no help at all. I did great on quizzes and practice exams, took the best notes, studied my butt off for tests and failed. He should be fired
3.5 : although his english is not the best you can still understand him. He always wants to make sure you pass the tests and will tell you the best to his knowledge what you will be tested on. One of the better math professors i have had. He is a good guy and is not out to get you.
3.5 : Nice professor, but if you are lost then you are on your own! It is recommended that you do the work he tells you to do. It isn't mandatory, but believe me if you don't do it then you will be lost! He does not review much in class because you are expected to do it. That's not to say that he doesn't go over some Qs, but they had to be HW ones
2.0 : Professor Rushi is very difficult to understand and talks to the board the entire time. He doesn't engage the students and it seems like he's just writing on the board and waiting for class to end while talking to himself about math. If you ask for help he gets very annoyed. I had to drop this class because I wasn't learning anything.
1.0 : He just writes problems on the board and solves them for himself, never clearly explains what he is doing and when students ask him questions he gets mad and annoyed at them.
4.0 : Although he has an accent,  you can definitely understand him clearly. During his office hours he's extremely helpful! He works out any problems you have. The quizzes are super easy. Tests are hard, but he doesnt make the tests so thats probably why. People who are bashing him prob never go to office hours or leave class after they sign in.
4.0 : Rushi is an overall great teacher. He is foreign but his accent is very easy to understand so don't let the name scare you away. He assigns homework problems after every class but doesn't check them I usually end up doing them to help with the weekly quizzes. Test and quiz questions come from homework and quizzes. Overall great teach and class.
1.0 : There are 3 tests and 1 final exam in this class. Every week have one or two quizzes. I do not think he is a good teacher, I WOULD NOT TAKE THIS PROF AGAIN!
2.5 : Rushi is okay. HW isn't mandatory but if you want to pass then you need to do it. He doesn't really answer your questions, just go to tutoring if you really need help or office hours. If you pay attention you should be find, he moves slow which is good for those who aren't good in math or just need one step at a time. Takes notes,you'll need them.
4.0 : Class gets boring after a while, to be honest. It is college algebra so I mean... it's nothing too complicated. He takes waaaaay too long to go over a question. So usually most of the studying should be on your own and then if you have a question, ask when appropriate in lecture (as expected). Just stay with it and it's an easy A.
2.0 : I would not suggest Professor Rushi. I failed this math class. Math was already a difficult subject for me and his teaching style did not help. I know of another student who also failed this class. He's not too great at explaining and the tests are difficult. He takes attendance everyday also so make sure you show up. Oh and you will need the texts
1.0 : TERRIBLE PROFESSOR DO NOT TAKE RUSHI HAS BAD ACCENT AND TALKS TO THE BOARD THE ENTIRE TIME TRIES TO BE FUNNY  I should have just taught myself
4.0 : I think he is a really nice Professor and he explains things clearly, but my only issue is during his lectures he jumps around a lot and confuses you. I had to basically teach myself the material. Also he is a real stickler when it comes to detail on a quiz or a test. Overall he's okay.
1.0 : He will take off extra points if he doesn't like the way you solved a problem no matter if the answer was right or wrong. So even if your final answer was wrong, you get points taken off for the steps to get that. Which lowers your grade even more. He is an extremely tough grader.
2.0 : Stringfellow is a really nice man. However, he talks way too quietly and makes the information very confusing that it is hard to follow along and do well in the course. I would not recommend taking this professor at all.
2.5 : I had Dr. Stringfellow for a summer Calculus course, and I would not recommend him. Although I got a B+, I had to supplement his notes with another teacher's and other things I just learned from the book as he did not provide enough examples. He's organized and very kind, but I would not take him again for a higher level math course.
2.5 : AVOID!!!!!! he is the sweetest person on this earth, but his class and teaching methods are AWFUL. I am STUCK re-taking 1021 just like the other 80% of my class!
2.5 : Talks very low but is a good guy. Also can be confusing at times.
2.0 : Lectures are confusing. Had to compare notes with other 1021 classes and they were so different. Turns simple equations into paragraphs of how they should be calculated. Totally avoid. Doesnt provide enough examples and picks the hardest questions for homework/quizzes. Failed and have to retake.
2.0 : Avoid unless you are a math wiz. Friendly and good-hearted but taught college alg. in an overly-advanced way.
4.0 : Ms. Melzer is very particular about following direction for papers. The midterm and final are the only papers that she asks you to write. She's very passionate. There're 3 books she assigns you to read that vary from 100 to 300 pages. No pop-quizes or tests. Class discussion is very valued. She cares, and she's gorgeous.
4.0 : She's a fantastic professor, and If you're are truly or even vaguely interested in the subject you will have a good time. She is great at making clear the readings you do outside of class as homework which is helpful when you go back and do your writing assignments.
5.0 : At first she comes off as super tough and gives lots of work, and she does make you work for it, but she is one of the best professors I've ever had. She's in the Gender Studies and German department, has a quirky sense of humor, and will talk about ANYTHING with you. After her class you really grasp the material and look at the world differently.
4.0 : I took her class about Women Involved in Radical Social Movements as a GenEd, if you dont have timewant to read 4 300+ books in a semester dont take the class. we work in group often. She often cuts people off if we debate in class, which I get that cause she has to cover certain material. papers are easy, 3 page misterm 5 page final, no tests
3.0 : Not a hard class. You got a mid term and final both take home. And two reflection papers. And pop quizzes once a week so must come to class. You need to read all the books. Some of the books are boring.  Put a little effort and you will pass with B.
5.0 : Very kind man. Extremely willing to help, and a master at creating interesting discussions. Even if the class didn't always have much to contribute he'd keep things moving. Tough grader but allows rewrite of the first paper. There were a few one page quizzes/essays from time to time but they weren't too hard and he isn't as tough on those.
3.0 : Really nice guy- he basically does most of the talking the entire class. I honestly never really read any of the material so I failed most of the quizzes (he gives one about every week). But the grade is mostly based on the 3 essays. He's not too keen on the feedback or even clarity of the material though. Oh- and he also doesn't check e-mail.
5.0 : Great professor! He really clarifys what we have read and keeps the class interesting. He is a tough grader so I would make sure to try harder. His midterm was take home and we get quizzes about once a week maybe less. Overall he is a great guy and I would take him again!
3.0 : Really nice guy, however he gives many quizzes unannounced, so it's impossible to try to skip if you wanted to. Also, he assigns too much reading within a short time. Leads most class discussions if no one talks. Lastly, he doesn't update grades so it's hard to tell what you have in the class.
5.0 : Took Dr. Ward for both Mosaics 1 &amp; 2 and I'm sad I won't have the chance to have him again. Although I normally don't like english his lectures are enjoyable. There are quite a few quizzes but they're easy &amp; he drops a few of lowest. He's gives interesting topics for papers but he's somewhat of a tough grader. Hands down my favorite prof at Temple
4.5 : Dr. Ward is probably the nicest professor ever. He gives about 10 quizzes but drops the lowest 3 scores. We had two short reflection papers, a midterm and a final which was a 7-8 page paper. He can be a tough grader. We got out of class early pretty much every time which was nice. I would probably take him again.
5.0 : He is such a kind person. When no one would raise their hand, he would move on rather than force people to answer. He canceled class a lot. There were a lot of quizzes but a lot were take home. He brought up a lot of interesting ideas which made going to his class enjoyable for me even though I'm usually not good at or interested in english.
3.0 : Make sure you submit tee papers and do the reading and you will be ok.
5.0 : Honestly Dr. Ward is one of my favorite professors at temple. He's very laid back just pay attention to his review of the books and you'll be fine.
5.0 : I love him so much! take it
5.0 : Ward is such a sweet man. His class is easy and the books we have to read weren't bad you can spark note most of them but I found most of them weren't bad to read. Mostly just book discussion in class quiz's here and there sometimes in class or take home. He drops 4. He has a take home midterm, a final and two papers. Would definitely recommend.
3.0 : Ward's a nice guy, but his lectures are kind of boring. I just wasn't really interested in the books he assigned. He likes a lot of military-focused stuff. The assignments weren't bad, just two short reflection papers, and the midterm and final are both take-home. You just have to analyze quotes from stuff we read. Pretty easy.
5.0 : he is super nice and would grant you an extension for some of the assignments if you are caught up on your work. The only down side of him is that he is a  bit of a harsh grader, but it is super easy to get a B+ or an A-. you would have to work for an A, but overall i would recommend him
2.5 : This class is hard and he will keep you busy but you can do alright. He is a very tough grader and will find errors in your paper that the writing centers will not. Almost every class we had a presentation in front of the class.  The final is pass/fail. Most people got Cs or Bs. Not a class you can skip ever. No textbook.
4.0 : Tough grader but definitely worth it! He has an excellent teaching method involving a greater amount of student participation than just him talking. If you are serious about your studies and want more of a hands-on experience for Business Communications, take him!
3.0 : . He's one of those teachers you'll like one day &amp; hate the next! He will absolutely make your writing 10X better. The class is intense , assignments and presentations are back to back,  no breaks! Be ready to work,   same for all ba classes : (... Andrew is okay i guess, but he is stickler with rules
3.0 : So i went to every class and participated and got a C... he grades really hard during the start of the semester and then lets you get a B- at the end to act like its improvement. This shouldnt be a hard class at all, I suggest looking for a different professor. Absolutely no use of phones is allowed.
5.0 : Eli is truly an amazing professor. This man is brilliant and if you are willing to go for what you are passionate about he will back you all The way. Few professors actually stretch your mind to new heights and Eli works hard to Do just that.
5.0 : This is my favorite professor I've ever taken. I love his class so much, that I'm taking another one of his classes next semester, and it isn't even part of my major! He's an inspiring figure in the field of education, and I respect his teaching style so much. This is not a conventional English class; he will open your mind and impact your life.
5.0 : eli is an amazing professor who is so generous with his time and energy. inspiring, brilliantly intelligent, knows SO much and cares So much. so cool and funny too. just the best
5.0 : Wow. Eli is my favorite human being ever. He is extremely kind and willing to help you with anything you need. He truly cares about each and every one of his students. He pushes you beyond your academic boundaries.
3.0 : The class is basically run by the TAs. They give random in-class pop quizzes at the beginning of class but you are never given feedback on how you did on them and on the physical tests. You basically don't know your grade until the end of the semester.
4.5 : I can't believe sensei is still at temple. I TOOK HIS CLASS IN 1980 ONE OF THE FEW teacherS  I REMEMBER  good time learning something new. Go elbow power
4.5 : This class is NOT easy, it's challenging and worthwhile if you decide to take it.  Sensei is awesome and the TAs help you every step of the way.  Careful who you choose to be your partner, they'll be it for the rest of the semester for EVERYTHING.  All in all, i loved Aikido with Utada Sensei!  Osu!
5.0 : osu. sensai is the cutest little old man ever. best teacher
4.5 : Professor Thurman is one of the most interesting human beings. His structure of class is open discussion on specific topics. He expects the students to read the text, but does not assign work to it. I believe he wants to see our work through participation. His demeanor and sarcasm is the best part of his teaching. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : He's a great professor teaching an easy and interesting class.  He doesn't rely on tests to make sure you're doing what you're supposed to be doing, but instead wants to see what you've learned through your (fairly graded) papers and community service experience.  I highly recommend him!
1.0 : Personal opinion--  he was not very helpful. Accessibility issues
4.0 : Dr. Witty is really great considering that the material is not the easiest. If you are well-prepared, the quizzes and exams are not too bad. He does a great job at giving you all the tools needed to succeed in the class, but you will still have keep up with the assignments and studying. Plus he is very funny and cares about his students!
4.5 : Dr. Witty is very kind and understanding. It seems that he grades on the principle that there are no right/wrong answers, and is happy enough that you are reading and watching the course materials and can provide your own  (emphasis on your own) discourse.
5.0 : take his class! he's really nice and it's basically an easy A
5.0 : He is hilarious and just a genuine Professor.  I never cared for middle east history, even though I am arab, but this guy made it that much more interesting, and put the arab world in a perspective that you would never have thought about before. Pretty important in todays world if you ask me.
5.0 : I took Prof Wittys class in 2003. I discovered that he taught at Temple after watching his show on Channel 12. He was awesome!
5.0 : Taken two Arabic language classes with Dr. Witty so far, as well as a gen ed course. I love the guy! He is hilarious, and has a very dry and realistic outlook on the world. I thoroughly enjoy learning from him, and have taken a great deal from his classes.
2.0 : Sticks so heavily to the textbook, that you could probably buy the book and teach yourself with similar results. He's also overly strict with his cell phone policy.
4.0 : Ustaadh Gordon gave me a really good introduction to Arabic. This class is heavily based on quiz grades and sticks closely to the text. The course work wasn't overwhelming, but it was undeniably challenging. You have to put in the work in order to get a good grade. That being said, he'll answer any questions you have and gives excellent feedback.
5.0 : Great professor and very reasonable grader. It's a tough subject, but he makes it manageable. To give you an idea of how the course progresses, at the beginning of the semester Arabic was completely incomprehensible to me, but I ended up being able to read basic texts.
4.0 : So easy. Took it to fulfill a gen-ed and I would do it again. Just show up (attendance is mandatory), do the one page response papers for the weekly assignment (sometimes he skips a week or will extend the deadline), easy midterm paper on whatever you choose from the assigned works, and final paper is the same just 2 pages longer.
4.5 : Professor Robinson was a fantastic professor and I would fully recommend taking her if you have the chance. She will answer any and all questions you have and is extremely helpful.
5.0 : Professor Robinson is one of my top 3 favorite professors at Temple University. I really do wish all professors at Temple were like her in the sense of caring for students and helping them when they needed it. She is a very fair grader if you show willingness to work, are attentive, and do your best.
5.0 : She makes everything that was intimidating to me in statistics so easy. She explains everything even if you ask the same thing 5 times. She cares about you, and she even offered us a seat at her table for Thanksgiving if we didn't have a place to go. So far, I have a very solid A. My grade is 124.15/125, all thanks to her teaching methods. 10/10!!!
5.0 : Dr. Soss is really helpful. Absolutely loved the lectures!
5.0 : Great lecture
5.0 : Prof Krzywicki is the most talented music theory teacher I've ever met. He is kind-hearted, and tough, but fair. Music theory 3 with him was the best class I took at temple. It will kick your butt all the way to rock hall, but you'll be an awesome theorist! Work hard, ask questions. He respects people who don't just coast on what they already know.
5.0 : The course was very impressive. We love her so much. She was very nice,educated and really interested in teaching. she isn't strict in grades because the more important for her is that the student learns. If you show interest and seriousness you will get a high grades...
3.5 : Kara delves deep into the readings and always has something provoking to lead the class with. Her feedback is more helpful than any classmates and I respect her dedication to her students and their success and writers.
5.0 : He is very nice and helpful. You can learn a lot of knowledge from his class. There are three exams. The exam is not hard.
5.0 : He is very nice and funny. I strongly recommend you to take his class, and you will acquire a lot of knowledge from him. Follow what he let you do, you will get at least A-.
5.0 : Best professor. He is so nice and helpful. Just do what he let you do, you will get a A.
5.0 : He is so nice. The test are easy. A straight A
5.0 : He is supper nice and funny. Just follow his instructions, you will get A
5.0 : He is supper nice. Just follow his instructions like me, you will got an A.
5.0 : He is pretty good. Easy class?easy A
5.0 : I have poor knowledge about Chinese culture, but I think this course help me acquire a lot of knowledge about Chinese history. Supper easy class. Great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Mangione is a great professor. I took a Gen Ed with him, he was very understanding throughout the class. Really these Gen Ed professors are stuck with a group of students who don't want to be in the class. With Dr. M, just show some respect, try your best, and keep up with material and you will go far.
1.5 : He grades pretty hard, even though majority of the class doesn't speak English. You better remember every single theme he mentioned during lecture, or he'll take points off on papers and tests.  Taking notes is also pretty impossible considering he goes so fast through out the lecture and then he won't post the notes to blackboard. Don't take him.
5.0 : Great professor, really nice guy. Knows Mandarin like a native speaker and is always willing to help if you need it. Language classes can be really boring and tough but he made it as easy as he could and always kept conversation practice entertaining. Highly recommended.
1.0 : The worst teacher I have ever had, have no idea why he receives such a high rating. First, he knows little about Chinese culture and literature, in his class you can always find him misunderstanding the content of the literature as well as something about China, unfortunately he is stubborn and very tough too. DO NOT take him unless you want a fail
5.0 : John is a really cool guy that wants to see his students succeed. He is not going to baby you but he is not unfair either. If you go to class and read the book you will do great. John is also really funny and likes to keep the class chill.
5.0 : 2 quizzes and 1 midterm and a final( not cumulative).Questions are multiple choice and are based on vocab terms and a couple of important people from certain chapters. Pay attention to the vocab terms he covers in class. 1 simple letter assignment. 1 extra credit given! overall a good class
3.5 : All he does is read off of the power points. TA's are such a joke. Completely unorganized and tough graders. Class was very unorganized and it took until the 5th week of classes to make sure clickers were working. Midterm was meant to be tricky which pissed off a lot of students. I expected a lot more from this class. Not recommended.
3.0 : Sam Hodge is very knowledgable about law which is very appreciated considering some profs do not know what they are doing. His lectures get boring very quickly because they are just him reading off of powerpoints. He attempts to make them interesting with graphics and stories. 2 VERY HARD exams that many people fail. 4 other assignments. HardtogetA
4.0 : super easy class. you need the txtbook for some assignments but otherwise dont really need to read. just show up to class, take notes, study those notes word for word (yes its a lot but this is college..) and midterm and final are easy. he will curve the midterm. final easier than the midterm. very knowledgeable. class is based on 150 pts.
5.0 : Professor Jaffari is a boss woman who makes you want to be the best student possible. Tough class over all but can easily get a good grade if you put in the work. Study the terms in the book (which is a must buy) and you'll succeed. Participation is also a must but she is very open to questions and wrong answers. Great woman and professor!
3.0 : This class was interesting, but challenging. Her tests were very specific and a completely understanding of the material was necessary to do well on them. The material isn't very difficult. She requires a trip to the Constitutional Center and a corresponding essay to go along with it. She was a tough grader. Pop quizzes were also relatively difficu
5.0 : Professor Jaffari is a great LGLS teacher. There are two exams, couple of cases to read and write about them, pop quizzes, and 1 paper that is 2-3 pages. She wants everyone to succeed and understand business law. I was not good with fill in the blanks so I struggled that the most on the quizzes and exams. PARTICIPATION IS A MUST!!! SO PARTICIPATE!!
4.0 : Mccloskey runs his classroom like a detention hall, but he is definitely knowledgeable on his field. It's important to take quality notes in class because his slides are kinda trash and WATCH CLASS CAPTURE when you're not focused! He's not the most sensitive or personal guy, but he's a quality professor if you dedicate yourself and do the work.
5.0 : MMC is the man
5.0 : you can make it through his class if you try hard enough. It is not easy for sure.
5.0 : Don't memorize his notes, understand them and try to write down the stories that he tells in class caz a question on thay may appear on the quizzes or exams. he will assign like 75 articles through the semester dont waste your time reading all of the them for the exams. he gives 20 pts for attendance so dont miss class. the best professor I hv had.
4.0 : class is hard but if you study daily and stay on top of your readings, you will be fine.
4.0 : Write everything on the slides, study it, and the class is easy.  The class is just how much you can remember from the notes.  Attendance is not mandatory, but you will get extra up to half a letter grade for not missing too many.  Textbook is not necessary.
5.0 : McCloskey is rather difficult. But he's the professor who will push you to your limit. Make sure you study and truly understand the concepts. Don't worry too much about articles, focus mainly on his lecture &amp; notes. He's willing to help but he's not going to hold your hand. Ask insightful questions &amp; stay focused. Hard class, but I learned a ton.
5.0 : He really inspired me to learn.  While challenging, he does such a good job explaining everything - it didn't seem as hard as it was.  I looked forward to going to this class
4.5 : Great professor, very clear. You will learn a lot of stuff about health care, social securities, and other relevant information! Everything is taught in class, he doesn't post anything online. If you don't go, you won't pass. He teaches the material well, but quizes are a bit though. I would definitely recommend him if you want to learn!
3.5 : He tries to scare you on the first day. He is serious but he is actually a funny guy--shows us fun clips every once and awhile. Don't miss class, take every extra credit opportunity and put lots of studying hours into his notes and you should be golden. LADIES, he is cute to look at, hard to fall asleep in class. ;]
4.5 : Best professor I've had at Temple so far! Strict but great. He's super super clear and very organized. The lectures are clear and straight to the point. They always moved along smoothly because of how funny and fun he made them. He always has some interesting story to tell too. Tests were super easy, just read your notes, its all there.
2.5 : Strict professor, doesn't really get back to his students, study the material and familiarize yourself with it, prepare for pop quizzes, book isn't necessary but does come in handy for tests, DO THE WORK and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Understand your notes and study the bookarticles. Put your work in and you can do well! Also lets be real - MMC is not the worst thing to stare at for 50 minutes for 3 times a week ;)
1.5 : He's a huge jerk but I have learned a lot from him. I like going to his classes because they are interesting but his tests are horrible - half of our class failed the first test (literally) and pretty much have to take this class again. Not easy to approach if you are confused. Don't text in class; he will embarrass you in front of the class
1.0 : He is the WORST professor you'll ever meet in YOUR LIFE. He is too rude and disrespectful to all his students. He and his TA's are very tough in grading. If you got a bad grade, then you should know it wouldn't be changed even if you're right. He is gonna find a LITTLE none sense mistake and turn it against you. DONT TAKE HIM. SAVE YOUR LIFE N GPA.
4.5 : One of the best teachers I've had. The people who don't like him, quite frankly are soft. He runs his class like the real world, his way or the highway. So just follow his rules, it really isn't that complicated. If you pay attention and study your notes it is very easy and you will learn more than in any other class.
5.0 : His is strict and rigid with rules. I was not liking being told to put away my phone. But I was forced to pay attention and I ultimately appreciated it. His class is very organized and his lectures are entertaining and clear. He isn't boring. I guess he isn't for everyone but he was the first instructor in the business school that made me learn
3.5 : No Partial credit. AT ALL. Runs class like Soviet Russia.
5.0 : McCloskey is a gem. He is not the easiest professors-- you actually have to work for your grade but it's totally worth it because the material is interesting and you will actually understand it. He's passionate, funny, good-looking, and a great lecturer. Very clear grading criteria. study HARD for the exams. DO NOT miss classes. he is no-nonsense.
2.0 : Not a fan. Super rude and intimidating. Pop quizzes.
5.0 : He is a great teacher, not a warm and fuzzy share you feelings kinda teacher but still very good. You will have to study but you will learn a lot and his lectures are never boring. As for his rules they are very reasonable no phones, and if you are not absent more than 3 times you get a huge bonus which really helps your grade. I recommend him.
4.5 : Best risk professor I have taken. Seriously this guy knows his stuff and he has a lot of work experience. All you have to do is put in some time understanding his lecture. Take notes on everything he says, chances are some of them come on the exam. Besides that, he is a great professor with amazing clarity in his lectures. Make sure you take him.
1.0 : Disrespectful and rude.  He and drennan care only about their own agendas, not their students.  It's ashame that hes allowed to teach.
5.0 : McCloskey is definitely my favorite professor in Fox. He's a funny and excellent lecturer. His examples all come from his own experiences working for multiple companies. He's also very strict in class. No nonsense is allowed, esp. attendance. Class isn't too hard, just need full attention and taking detailed notes. Bonus: he's quite handsome too ;)
2.0 : don't take 3502 (or 3501-- or really any risk class) unless you are prepared to dedicate a heavy portion of you time into this class. MMC is knowledgeable, but quizzes on stupid stuff in my opinion. he doesn't focus his millions of pop quizzes on understanding concepts, rather, on super specific details about the numerous articles he assigns.
4.5 : He's very clear. Tests are easy, readings not a lot which makes it very easy to score. Just listen to what he has to say and be prepared.
3.0 : Prof. McCloskey is knowledgeable and I like his style of teaching. However, I had to drop his class because he was unbearably rude. I believe he thinks his strict policy will prepare you for the real world, but his rules were unnecessary to say the least. This class gave me anxiety, I dropped it and got a B+ with an awesome professor.
5.0 : Easy, no textbook. Many extra credit opportunity. Tests are based on notes only and examples from class. You can just study the night before exam. Definitely take him.
5.0 : The exams are easy plus he is good looking. The lectures are very clear and you have to pay attention in class. There are pop quizzes but there will be prep questions posted before the quizzes. NO TEXTBOOK ! Definitely take him.  He explains really well.
4.0 : pop quizzes all the time. He is best at taking simple subjects and making them ridiculously hard. I had him 2 previous times before this class. Each time i received a good grade but not for this one. Get ready to read 20+ articles weekly. Who was also mentioned in (article name)? kind of questions. Even tho that person was mentioned once or twice.
4.5 : Definitely the best professor I've ever had at Temple. Uses clear examples for basically every piece of material we learned and presents it in an interesting way. I switched my major because of him. Not going to hold your hand and you need to work, but if you're a good student it isn't hard to get an A.
4.5 : I was one of the half that failed. I hated him. But my score doubled on the second exam. Makes sense to me what he is doing. He weeds out those that don't belong and motivates the rest of us to perform. I respect what he is doing now. His lectures are good and entertaining. No one can say they don't learn. I have an internship now 2 cause of him!!!
4.5 : McCloskey is up there with the best professors I've had at Temple. Hands down the most efficient and prepared professor I've had. This class isn't hard if you keep up with the notes, study hard, follow rules, and come to every class. NEVER SKIP CLASS! There is no gray area with him. Extremely clear. I almost switched to RMI after this course.
4.0 : He was a great professor overall. However, he is tough and strict. He does not my exceptions, must be on time to class and turn in work on time or points will be deducted. Stick it out. He says that exam 2 is the hardest but make sure to study everything not just the math. Homework matters and so do pop quizzes.
5.0 : Very Good Teacher. Never boring.  Keeps everyone in line.  I like that
2.5 : He was straightforward with this class. Study hard, you will pass. However, one of the rudest people I've ever met and by far one of the most difficult professors to meet with. Do your work and give it your all so you don't have to bother meeting with him.
3.0 : McCloskey runs a really tight show, when class starts HE IS IN CHARGE! All of the information you need will be in the powerpoint. Homework isn't too tough. Be ready to study a lot for the exams, they're gonna be tough. Pop quizzes were annoying. He provides nice anecdotes to go along with his lectures to make it more relatable. He is really rude.
5.0 : first off you have to go to class. but there is a sweet attendance extra credit available plus other extra credit. you have to stick it out. it isn't that hard unless you are dumb and lazy. No doubt he is the boss but he is very clear and actually entertaining and funny. Best prof I've had and was nice in office hours when i went. I switched to RMI
5.0 : Comes off as strict the first day but eases off throughout the semester. No computer/phone use in class (risk department rule). He's a great professor, he's very knowledgeable. His voice is not monotone like a lot of the other professors, which keeps class interesting. I'd definitely take him again if i could. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Very Straightforward and clear cut.  I wish more prof at Temple were like him.  Lectures were usually pretty interesting. I learned so much and he teaches well.  He is not a very flexible prof.  He has specific rules he follows.  At times it can be intimidating
1.5 : Did not enjoy his class, doesn't seem to care if his students pass or fail. Very very frustrating. I do not suggest taking him. Pop quizzes, reads straight from powerpoint, boring... Does have good personal examples that help clarify some class topics.
5.0 : 3502 was a tough class. You have to study the material every day and read a bunch of articles if you want to do well on the pop quizzes which are at least once a week. MMC makes the class fun and interesting. Would take him again if I could because he makes insurance intuitively understandable. Study hard.
5.0 : Great class and great teacher.  but be warned - don't take it lightly.  He is a serious dude and does not allow for any games.  Class is manageable if you follow his instructions.  I leaned a ton.  He does not allow texting or laptops and will call you out if you try.  Attend class and don't be late.  Best professor I've had at Temple.
2.0 : Try to avoid him if you can,
5.0 : Great professor! Complete smart ass and seems a little conceited, but overall a great teacher. He uses real life examples and goes over and beyond what a normal instructor does. Don't use technology in class. Pay attention. Study notes... It isn't as hard as everyone says.
4.5 : Great professor, is crystal-clear and can teach. Never a dull moment and keeps the class moving along in a faster-than-usual manner but at a perfect pace. You will definitely learn a lot of you pay attention every second and study the notes. You can achieve a B or A a lot easier than you think.
2.0 : I took his class Risk 2101 on Spring semester.  It's so hard and the way he taught so fast.  He gave Quizzes every week. His exams questions very strict and hard; it wasn't related much to his lecture. 44% of student dropped out after the 2nd exam. I will never take him again
5.0 : Favorite Professor so far at Temple. Take him! Now this class is no cake walk by any stretch of the imagination but if you go to class and study, you'll be fine.
4.0 : He makes the rules black and white which is good.  He's a good teacher, but you will have to work for your grade.  He is a bit stuck on himself, but that's okay because he's still a good teacher.
2.5 : His class is extremely hard, don't choose him unless you are really good at study. He cannot be very helpful because he always teach too many students. taking notes   is very important, skip one class you may fail. The tests are nightmare, get ready to study a week for each one.
5.0 : McCloskey is awesome, definitely one of the best professors I've had at Temple so far. The class is not difficult if you put in the work you need to. He explains the topics in  way that is very easy to understand and his lectures are enjoyable. I changed my major to RMI because of his class.
2.5 : McCloskey is really strict but in a weird way. He'll make you earn your grades and will not put up with you being late or falling asleep in class- either way you'll be counted as absent. Pay attention in class and take notes. Lectures are pretty clear-cut. Study for your tests and work on your homework before the day it's due, you'll thank me later
4.5 : He is a great teacher.  Not all warm and fuzzy - but very clear.  I've learned a ton in this class.  Everyone should take it.  I highly recommend the class and him as an instructor.  A+
4.5 : Anyone saying not to take McCloskey is because they are bitter they had to actually work for their grade. He is the best professor I've had at Temple, hands down. His tests are tough &amp; you need to put in the time and energy to pass but he tells you that. This is my favorite class even though I have to bust my ass. He's funny too! Take him.
3.0 : He is a not a bad person. But he treat class really strict. And as you know, risk class is always hard in whole fox courses. the whole apartment is similar teaching style: the fixed seat to take your attendance and mandatory attendance will give you 20 extra credit in the end. That's really helpful. Not to much reading, prepare good for quiz.
2.0 : McCloskey teaching style is not for everyone. He is very strict. His lecture is so long and boring, be prepare to take a lot of notes. He is RUDE. Do not take him.
4.5 : McCloskey is probably one of my favorite professers at Temple. He tells you exactly what he expects of you in order to do well in the class. The subject matter is inherently difficult, but his lectures are very informative with anecdotal stories to reinforce the concepts. One of the few classes where I feel I learned valuable information.
4.5 : Amazing teacher! I'm a music major so I wasn't excited about taking a GedEd for Personal Finance, but let me tell you, I loved this class, it actually made me consider switching majors. Heres some tips- Don't use electronics(very strict), take written notes, try not to skip class :)
4.0 : McCloskey is one of the best, and one of my favorite professors at Temple. The content is tricky but if you pay attention and study then you should not have a problem. His lectures are informative, his tests are difficult but you learn so much useful information. He's hilarious and is engaged with the class, definitely would recommend taking!
5.0 : I took McCloskey for Investing for the Future and was obsessed with him so I took him again for Risk. Hes extremely good looking and it can be distracting but at the same time he knows his stuff and he's an awesome teacher. Go to class and memorize the notes for the test and you'll do fine. Just don't blink because he'll kick you out for sleeping.
1.0 : Horrible class. Risk is supposed to be difficult but DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER. He makes it harder than it has to be. Strict for no reason. Doesn't care for his students. If you have to, please take another teacher because you will not pass this class or learn anything from it.
2.0 : I took him last semester and failed his class. Took it again this semester with a different professor and got an A. He makes the class overly difficult and I am not even a risk major. I was a straight A student before him so I don't care if he strict or if there is a lot of work but.. do not take this class, he's impossible. Also, incredibly rude
1.0 : I'm not sure where any of the praise is coming from. He wasn't focused, went off topic a lot in class. He's reluctant to meet in office hrs. He never responded to emails. $150 book was used once for a single HW question. He began the semester by saying he's not like our other teachers and that he's strict, many profs say that and he was ineffectual
5.0 : best professor I have had so far. His class is not easy so you'll have to study but you will actually learn and retain the material. makes insurance fun. tests are difficult but not if you study enough. pop quizzes are easy if you read articles. If you dont like him it is because you didnt want to put in the work required to do well in the course.
5.0 : He is rigid and firm with his rules, so I guess he isn't for everyone.  Very organized and clear  Great examples that relate to the material.  Not an easy class but not impossible.  Anyone who says it is or complains just isn't willing to put the hard work into the class.  He is a very good teacher.
5.0 : Very good at teaching. Tests are tough but if you take good notes and really understand the material you should do well.
3.5 : The only way to do well in MMC class is to take notes on concepts he says in class but doesn't put into his powerpoint notes. I suggest reading over your notes and skim articles in the morning before heading to class because he loves giving pop-quizzes. Take this class in the Fall because he gives more extra credit, and you don't need the book.
5.0 : Dr Kim has his own unique way of teaching HIS views and you need to purchase book to pass the class. Tests are pretty hard for a genED and doesn't give any extra credit whatsoever.  Expect a B or B+ if you because hardly anyone got an A since he is a very very tough grader. Only class I received a B in.
4.0 : He is very funny but believes very strongly in his opinion of the class. He wrote his own textbook, so therefore you cannot really argue against anything he says. There were three tests and two short papers. The tests were mildly difficult. If you do not read his material you will not pass anything. The class is mostly common sense, hard to fail.
3.0 : I did not study until the day before each exam and passed. His tests are half fill-in-the-blank and half free response. The words are all on quizlet, so just memorize them. He literally gives you the list of free response questions and all you have to do is regurgitate the answers to him on the test. Some free response are on quizlet too.
3.5 : His lectures are like TED talks. You just sit there and listen. Very eye-opening talks. Best part is you can get away with not reading the books as he barely mentions them, and talks more about the point of them. He tells you what's on the test and expects you to use his answers. Have yet to write anything in class. He's down to earth and funny.
5.0 : He's the man. Very opinionated, but so interesting. He will change your views on several things and is very persuasive. I would recommend him to everyone.
3.0 : Very interesting lectures, but wants you to think like him and tests are based on his words.  But you will be open minded about what is happening around the world.  I would recommend him if you up for thinking out side the box kind of class.
5.0 : He is really nice and funny professor that I never met. I will take his other class in the future.
5.0 : Dr. Kim is a refreshing professor. He gives his views the whole class but welcomes anyone to express their own opinion. His classroom is a very comfortable environment. He is a really chill guy and easy going. His lectures are interesting and the topics are very controversial. He gives you 3 exams and 2 papers. If you study for exams it's an easy A
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors I have ever had. He certainly knows how to make you think differently and broaden you spectrum on things. I've greatly enjoyed his teaching style and class lectures.
4.0 : He is a great professor!!! Very helpful!!!
4.5 : Please take this class with Dr. Kim! Really cool guy, Very nice and very helpful; Willing to go over anything you need help with. Assignments are not too lengthy but put time into it and you will do well. Go to class. Resource the master vocab sheet. Be prepared to learn a lot of stuff you never knew about race and government. It is eye opening!
5.0 : One of the most enlightening professors I have ever had. Dr. Kim is such a cool guy and he knows so much about what he is talking about. Absolutely take his classes.
4.0 : Graded by 3 tests and 2 papers. Papers were fun to write, tests were easy bc he gives you the exact questions and vocab lists. He wrote the textbook and defined terms in his own ways, so the words you learn arent applicable outside this class. He comes across as preachy. My biggest grievance is that he called "white privilege" a fact.  (debatable)
5.0 : Thought-provoking, extremely helpful, Dr. Kim's filled with knowledge you wouldn't learn outside of his class!! MUST TAKE!! The master-vocab is all you need and you'll be fine. Just enjoy the class!
5.0 : I took Professor Kim's Online mosaic II class. I must say that he is one of the most thought provoking professor ive had at Temple. He really gives you all the information to succeed in his class and is always willing to go over it and go over it again. Overall, amazing teaching style. Online class is hard. Put over 22hrs/ week into it.
5.0 : Prof Kim is awesome. Take this class..You really will learn ALOT! He tells you information that a lot of professors ignore. He is truthful and loves what he does. It is very easy to attend class and pay attention. You will get so much out of Kim. TAKE HIM!!!
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS WITH DR. KIM!! He makes the class interesting and enjoyable each and everyday. I looked forward to coming to his class. He wants ALL of his students to succeed, which is something I do not come across often. I felt very accepted in his class. I'm hoping to get into one of his Mosaics courses just to have him again.
5.0 : People love to hate on Prof. Kim but that is mostly because he one the the few  non liberal voices in the Liberal Arts College. Although his views probably hurt him in his field because he is a man of principle and is willing to shake the tree. The class is the best I've had thus far at Temple. I have a great amount of respect for Prof. Kim.
4.5 : The only reason the tests are hard is because theres only 2 or 3 of them. No final. The tests usually take me a half hour of studying, 10 minute test time, and I got Bs on them all. Kim is also hilarious in class, and doesn't get mad if you don't read. But still read.
3.0 : Dr. Kim definitely is not what you would call a traditional professor. He is very big on deconstructing issues to find the underlying intention behind them, but he is very consistent in doing so - even to things he considers important. His exams are difficult to study for, but he really pushes us to think for ourselves, especially outside of class.
5.0 : I had him for Race and Poverty 0833. Dr. Kim is an awesome guy! He has an insightful outlook on many topics. In terms of the class, he is pretty easy; no homework, only 3 exams, and 2 easy short papers. Don't bother reading the textbook; he gives you all the information in "Master Vocab" sheets on BlackBoard. Study for exams and you'll be fine!
4.0 : 3 short tests and 2 easy papers. This class is an eye opener. So much so, you'll think you have to believe everything he teaches. False. It's OK to have a differing in opinion. People forget that and get hostile. Basically everyone should have to take this class (but that'd be legislating morality... and that'd be bad... you'll get it)
5.0 : Dr. Kim is an amazing and intelligent professor. I had this class at 8 am and he made waking up for it worth it. The class offers a refreshing perspective compared to the typical discourse of college professors. He is hilarious and down to earth. 5 blog posts, 3 tests, &amp; 1 paper. If you pay attention and care about the class it's an easy A
5.0 : This class made me have a whole different perspective on life and what is really important. This professor is really smart and he really teaches you how to think outside the box. He teaches you how to make your own choices instead of falling for the traps that society has set up for us. ITS NOT HARD TO GET AN A. JUST SHOW UP AND DO THE VOCAB SHEET
2.5 : Didnt really enjoy his class! His book is too long! And the exams are very hard. Would never take again!
4.0 : Easy class, just study the master vocab sheets he gives you, basically gives you ALL potential answers ahead of time. also gives you short answer questions, study and answer those questions, and easy A, A-. he is an anarcho-capatilist which bothers some, but really it's just a different way of thinking. he is super nice and wants you to do well.
4.0 : took Dr. Kim for Rel, Race and in the fall for Mosaic II. easy, gives a master vocab sheet for tests. tests are simple, as long as you can memorize, 1 or 2 papers of which are incredibly easy. (up to 4 pgs) prompt with emails if questions arise and will talk with you outside of class for ideas or other questions to clarify.
5.0 : This class was so entertaining. If you're logical, and you aren't sensitive, but you enjoy seeing things through a new perspective, TAKE THIS CLASS. One of my favorite Gen-ed's to date. Don't get me wrong you have to do some studying, but I only studied the day of my tests and still pulled off B+'s on both and an A on my first paper.
3.0 : Confusing class. Makes you study long "master vocabulary sheets" and then only puts a couple of questions on a test.  Also makes you study up to 30 essays and then only tests you on 3 or 4. I have to retake mosaics II because of him. I have never had to retake a class ever. Beware
1.5 : the exams are based on what he thinks, he wants us all to memorize his opinion of something and be tested on it!! just make yourself a favor and stay away of his class.
2.0 : You can tell he just types up the test the day before without remembering what he told us to study. Study guides "Master Vocab Sheet" are useless because they just contain random words that really wont help you. Worst professor ive ever had. Do yourself a favor and dont take him
5.0 : Dr. Kim is GREAT! Has his own views on things, but who doesn't? You can argue with him if you ever disagree, but he always has facts to back up his reasoning. He's interesting, funny and always energetic. Easy essays, 3 tests. Gives you all the vocab and essay questions beforehand. All you have to do is find the answers (can be tedious) &amp; study.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Temple. Grades fairly, teaches you about the real world, and relate the text to real-world scenarios. Honestly, anyone who says otherwise did not do well in the course are idiots. This is coming from someone in a STEM major. Highly recommended.
5.0 : He is very easy if you are looking for an easy A this is the one. All you have to do is study from the study guide and discussion board for exams. Text not required.
5.0 : Jacob Kim respects speech which is rare at Temple. Adversarial opinions are encouraged in his class because he takes a hard line against coersion. Some people dislike his class soley because they hate listening to different opinions in a free enviroment. If you are unwilling to change your opinion based on facts take a class that has a safe space!
1.5 : While many say that Dr. Kim makes class interesting, this is true. He shares all of his libertarian views and talks about the real world. The problem is that this class is meant to be revolved around the literature and not his views. All tests were based around what he thought, not your own thoughts.
5.0 : Great professor.  He's both funny and insightful.  Does a great job explaining concepts, and he'll always answer any questions.  Exams aren't difficult.  Just make a study guide from the stuff on his master vocab list + go over the short answer questions he posts.  Two papers, first of which was easy and fun to write.
4.0 : Definitely a very insightful and eye-opening class. I wouldn't recommend taking it because it is pretty hard and you only get gen-ed credits for it. I would rather spend my time on classes for my major. It's really interesting but not worth it because of the difficulty
1.0 : Avoid this Professor with all cost! He is horrible! He's not really helpful whatsoever and his tests are very hard. I studied so hard for this class and wind up getting a C-. I really struggled in that class. Also the book was too expensive for an elective. Do yourself a favor and choose another elective class that doesn't include this professor.
4.0 : I'm appalled that people get lower than an A in his class. He grades 3 tests, 2 papers and attendance. The papers were easy As. The tests are easy too; memorize the vocab (50 or so terms, no word bank on test) and be able to answer any question in his question pool (20 or so questions). Its not much memorization bc the concepts are self-explanatory
4.0 : Dr. Kim is a good professor if you're looking for a pretty easy gen ed. He's super nice and the class always went by so fast. You do have to participate a little bit but he never just throws you on the spot. I didn't even find half the topics we talked about to be based on religion completely, which was actually cool
5.0 : Dr. Kim completely changed my political beliefs and taught me to see things in perspectives I didn't realize existed but are more rational than anything I believed prior. Hilarious guy, very interesting lectures. Tests are easy if you study with the guides (all notecards are on quizlet). Papers are easy as well (he has step by step instructions).
4.5 : If you come into his class with an open mind ready to actually listen to what he has to say you're going to love it. He's filled with great ideas, point of views and hes funny. Dr. Kim is my favorite professor at Temple University  and has taught me more than a couple of my past professors combined. And just make flashcards for his exams...
5.0 : great
4.0 : Dr. Kim has a very different take on the world &amp; if you can't accept other views then do not take this class.  But if you are open to the idea, his opinions are interesting &amp; make up the quizzes. My favorite part of this class was that in the essays, he did not want you to BS your way through an essay, he only wants what is asked.  very cut &amp; dry.
4.0 : Great guy, Interesting Class, Different Views, Study before tests
5.0 : The tests are half vocab, half essays. He gives you a list of vocab words and potential essay questions to study, which all come directly from the book (usually in order). As long as you go over those, you will get an A. The papers are easy. He's an interesting guy who will change your way of thinking. Favorite class/professor of college so far.
4.0 : Dr. Kim is a funny guy, his lectures are long but interesting. He can be very inspirational, definitely an eye opening class. The exams are Ok depends on how hard you study.  He teaches religion is a different perspective which was great and refreshing.  I would recommend him as a teacher!
2.0 : Dr. Kim is an outspoken Capitalist with absolutely nor respect for government. He warns you of this first day of class, and I did not think it would matter too much. I was wrong. His tests are directly his personal beliefs that we have to repeat back to him. Very disrespectful and too outspoken to be an adequate educator.
5.0 : Dr. Kim is a great guy with some of the most interesting and original opinions I have ever heard. He really made me think differently about life and 'perspective'. The class is easy with 4 two page papers and 4 exams. Definitely take this guy to fulfill your race requirement.
4.5 : Kim is a great guy, just make sure you go to his lectures. His lectures are very interesting and he has very good points. Make sure you communicate with him if you are sick or cannot make it to class, he is very understanding. Tests are a little tough, but he gives the open ended to you so you can study from them. Take him if you can!
5.0 : Makes you think outside the box. Amazing guy
5.0 : Dr. Kim was a breath of fresh air from the other professors I have experienced in CLA. He is not the professor who tries to derive meaning from nothing. Dr. Kim gets straight to the point. He has his own opinions, we all do. He explores everyday hypocrisy.  This class will only upset you if you don't have an open mind. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Has an interesting understanding of society and will help you view the problems facing us today in less of a black and white understanding.
3.5 : Dr. Kim has some extremely radical views, and although I disagree with many of them, he does an excellent job of teaching his class which really centers around the idea of "thinking outside the box". His review sheets for tests are pretty long and you will not pass the class if you do not study, so be warned. But the lectures are really interesting
5.0 : Kim is awesome. He's a very nice guy and I found the class easy but interesting. I had it in the morning and didn't mind going to it at all. He's super understanding with any problems and deadlines. I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : AMAZING TEACHER. he might not say what you would like to hear, but he definitely opens your eyes to the real world. He never exposes his real beliefs because he does not want you to conform to his religion. If you're afraid of opening you eyes, dont take his class. If youre not afraid to realize the actual truth of the ways of thinking, take it.
4.0 : Great teacher &amp; very laid back! exams are easy as long as you study the master vocab sheets and discussion board. I would take him again if i had to.
5.0 : It's an easy class in the sense that there are only 4 tests and no homework. The tests are fairly easy. However, he really has his own beliefs and makes them known to everyone. It's not an easy A. You really have to spit out what he wants to hear on the tests.
5.0 : He only takes attendance sometimes so its better to just go than risk it. The textbook is on reserve at library so dont waste your money on it. If youre really easily offended don't take his Race and Poverty Class. His classes are overall pretty easy and hes a funny guy.
5.0 : Neff is the best! He wants all of his students to pass and will make sure to listen to anyone's needs. He's also hilarious and just overall a great person. Open-minded and accepting of all opinions.  I loved him. Definitely take him for Mosaics!
5.0 : This man is what other professors should aspire to be! GO TO CLASS, PARTICIPATE, GET YOUR WORK DONE ON TIME. Why are you  even in college if you do not wish to do any of these? If you do your best, he will grade you accordingly. Just don't BS you work or yourself- he knows.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Interesting lectures, super laid back atmosphere.
5.0 : Professor Neff was such a kind person. He wanted everyone to pass and do their best. He also had the best stories to tell. He's also an artist and incorporated some of his work into what we were learning. The novels we read were a bit boring, but discussing them was fun. I really enjoyed this class and wish I could have him as a professor again.
5.0 : Prof Neff is the type of teacher you want for Mosaics but his class is UNBELIEVABLY boring. He has a lot of good things to say and is a very smart man but our class had NO discussion whatsoever. No one ever talked. After the first week, I never looked up from my laptop and still got the A. Awesome man who's just doing what he loves until he retires
5.0 : Professor Neff is truly one of the best and most inspirational professors a student can have. He truly cares about his students and wants to see them succeed. He will do whatever he can to develop you as a student, individual, and human in society. Class is discussion based with a one pager or presentation every few weeks. expect at least a B
5.0 : Easy af
3.5 : He's a great professor. I am extremely pleased to have took his course because he is a very interesting man.
5.0 : A fun, young man in an older gentleman's body. Write about what you want, just take what you write seriously. Prepare for quizzes (there aren't that many of them), and you should get an A. Really great professor, respectful, feels younger than he is. Great at discussing controversial topics without sounding disrespectful.
5.0 : Professor Neff is one of the most understanding professors there probably is at Temple and is very open minded. I enjoyed his class greatly. Lost of books to read but they are accessible online and even though there are quiet a few it isn't hefty work. No exams. One (6 page) paper due for Midterm and a presentation for Final Exam.
5.0 : I LOVE LOVE LOVE Professor Neff. Best Professor in Temple so far for me, hands down!!!!! I'm still praying that he teaches Mosaics II. I love listening to him talk even though alot of people in my class said he talks too much or is monotone. If u really listen to what he says, they're interesting stuff about life. He teaches me what learning means!
5.0 : Outstanding professor!!! Definitely the best professor at Temple.
5.0 : Really a great professor. He is extremely cooperative, reasonable and friendly, and always willing to work with you. As long as you show genuine interest in the class discussions and participate honestly, expect a good grade.
5.0 : Professor Neff is the sweetest man ever. He is so kind and encourages all students. He is very generous when grading and creates a welcoming environment in his classroom. I wanted to take his class again but it was full :(
5.0 : very knowledgeable. if you follow along with the class in reading and review/skim the material before the exams, you should get an A. his teachings are based off the TEXT, which he will repeat over and over. there is never anything on the test that he didn't go over in class so pay attention though it can get a bit boring. He is a great professor.
4.5 : He is nice and really helpful, he cares all the students in the class. Do the homework and attend the class ,you will be fine.
4.0 : He is a good professor. He is on top of his material, and helps you willingly. He is a good person, too. The lectures can be boring, but not if you are into the material.
2.0 : Muffy is petty with grading. She'll take off unnecessary points and she chooses favorites. You could have the same answer as another person, but she'll give one person more points than the other. She'll help you if you ask, but she is often impatient about it and she just isn't clear whatsoever. Semantics is interesting, but she just makes it hard.
1.0 : Took her for an INTRODUCTION to Linguistics class - key word there is INTRODUCTION, and SO MUCH of your test grade is judged by how well you can transcribe the phonetic alphabet. Considering many students are non linguistics majors, that's just cruel and unusual punishment! Transcribing the way words SOUND is just as hard as you think it would be!
4.5 : I had her for Intro to Linguistics and also Semantics. Both classes were a breath of fresh air. I am an English major so it was nice to finally not write papers These courses are on the science of language so they are equation type courses. She is willing to help and will email last minute. I highly recommend this professor and these courses
5.0 : GOAT
4.0 : Greatest and most intelligent political science professor I've ever known. Lax with due dates and is always willing to look over your papers before you submit them. Lectures are bit drabby, but if you enjoy political theory, you'll love this man.
4.0 : This guy is the man! I had him for Mosaics 2 &amp; he is very lax and down to earth. He doesn't take attendance half the time and isn't strict with due dates at all. No final, just 3 papers &amp; participation. Although his lectures take up the whole class, they are also very intelligent &amp; funny. Show that your paying attention &amp; do the work for an easy A.
3.0 : Professor Schwartz is a great professor. For a writing intensive class, he balanced the workload and made it easy to get a good grade. He is very heavy with his lectures, often talking for the whole class, but the man is an absolute genius and you will learn a lot.
3.0 : Professor Schwartz is alright. He obviously knows a lot about what he's teaching and he explains the readings in his lectures, but he tends to get off topic and talks about his political ideas a lot. The lectures can get really boring. There are only a few papers and if you take notes in class and do the readings they're pretty straightforward.
5.0 : My favorite professor at TU thus far. She is not out to trick you and explains things clearly. She wants you to learn the material and structures classes so it's not all lecture time. This course consisted of a midterm, a final paper, and a final. Do the readings and show up to class for her discussion points (which are helpful) and your'e golden.
5.0 : Professor Groner is my favorite professor at Temple University. I worked hard for my grade, and I loved every minute of it. Class was always entertaining, and she was always incredibly understanding when it comes to late work and missing a reading assignment. I looked forward to her class, and getting to see her twice a week. Take her!!!
5.0 : At frist, she comes off really strong and a little crazy. But once you get to know her she's extremely friendly and caring and just wants to see everyone succeed. She sometimes loads you with homework, bu it never takes too long and it really helps you understand the content. Overall, a wonderful cool woman!
5.0 : Professor Beth is the best professor ever. Consider yourself lucky if you get her. She will work you, but will be there to help you also.
5.0 : Professor Curran is absolutely by far the best teacher I've had. she is amazing, very enthusiastic. I literally lived in her office for this class. she is very helpful and makes learning the language less stressful. You do have to work in her class so be ready for that but she is always there to help. MUST TAKE !
5.0 : Dr. Curran is amazing! I was dreading taking this class (required for my major) because I hated French 1001 and was constantly frustrated with it -- I thought I was unteachable. But Dr. Curran completely changed my perspective &amp; I even ended up declaring a minor in French because her class made me so enthusiastic about it! Lots of hw but it helps
5.0 : Much more interactive and helpful than my past French teachers. You do well in the class if you don't do the work, but that's the case with any foreign language class. You just can't fake knowing a language. She's very friendly and made taking the oral exam much less stressful because of it.
4.5 : Really passionate about teaching and always willing to help outside of office hours whenever a student can come in.  Sometime is condescending but she really makes an effort to teach the class well.  Probably the best professor in the French Department.
5.0 : One of the most helpful teachers i've had at temple so far. she is definitely the reason why i passed this class in the first place, she is so attentive to anything you need help with. I definitely recommend taking her if you struggle with languages
5.0 : I am currently taking her class for Fr1002. I was scared because my professor for 1001 wasn't that great. But she is amazing! I wish she was teaching 1003! She is so helpful and she breaks down the worksheets so you know exactly what to do. She is such an amazing professor. If you are taking French take her!! She's helpful and gives good feedback!
5.0 : Madame Curran is pretty much what you expect a french professor to be like. There is a lot of work but she is always there to answer any questions. She is a fair grader (aka doesn't take off points for missing accents) and if you try it should be easy to pass. The only con is that you are only allowed one skip, but french is hard to make up.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Speaks a lot of French in class but always makes certain everyone is on the same page. Really helpful and easy to get in touch with if you have questions.
5.0 : I LOVE HER. Easily the best French professor I've ever had, maybe even the best professor. She cares a lot about her students and made me excited to participate in class. She doesn't really teach upper level classes which makes me sad because I wish I could take her forever. She's super clear about what's gonna be on the test also
5.0 : Just all around great professor. The last time I took French 1001 was in 2011 and I was scared of taking French 1002 and I even decided on taking a new language but I gave Professor Curran a try and it was worth it. She is simply the best. Take her. she's always available and willing to help. Good personality.
5.0 : Professor Duke is great! He is a fair grader and will always provide positive feedback. I would jump at the chance to be in his class again!!!!
4.5 : He is very professional. The exams are easy if you study what he tells you to. Professor Duke has a sense of humor and his lectures are fun. I recommend his class.
2.5 : Professor Cooke was probably the hardest teacher i had my freshmen year. I would never take her again if i had the option. She is such a hard grader on papers and all three papers are 5 pages and more. Lectures are boring and some are pointless. Obsessed with citations and could hurt your grade bad if you don't do cite correctly.
3.5 : Dr. Cooke is a very nice. The content of the class is not. English 802 is a boring class just like every other GenEd. However, Dr. Cooke tries to make it somewhat fun and interesting. She works hard, tries her best, and respects her students. You will read 1 book and write 3 essays that aren't too bad. Cooke is definitely a good choice for 802.
4.0 : Dr. Cooke's class was at times boring, but in general, what I expected from an english class. There are no tests, just 3 papers that are written throughout the course of the semester and turned in for a final grade. Office hours and meetings to review papers help with your essays. You read one book which is not too bad. I would recommend her class.
5.0 : Professor Cooke is a very fair teacher. She primarily lectures, but the information you need to formulate ideas in your paper are in the lectures. You can always revise your paper for a better grade. Her commentary is pretty funny sometimes, but she does have a lot of material to cover  it's a survey after all. Great primer for Eng Lit!
3.5 : I was never interested in English but Professor Cooke tried to make it more interesting. She is a tough grader when it comes to the 3 papers. Most of the Papers were 5+ pages but i would right a little bit less and i would still pass the paper. She has a lot of quizzes but they don't count as much towards your grade. But overall a great professor
4.0 : Pretty typical English class, she gives you several chances to fix your essays which is nice. The only time she actually grades them is when you hand in your portfolio at the end of the year. Classes are mandatory and boring but she has a lot of good information.
5.0 : A final portfolio class. Dr. Cooke really helps to prepare you for 802. Only 4 papers through the semester and a couple of in class quizzes that you can use your book on. Make sure to show up as much as possible, the peer reviews are extremely helpful when preparing for the final portfolio
4.0 : There are only 4 major papers and she gives you many chances to correct them. If you don't do the mandatory homework reading you will be lost in class. Class could be boring but she ended class almost 15-30 minutes early each class. Great choice though, I'm taking her again for 802
5.0 : Drabick is hilarious. She makes class funny and interesting. Come to class, she gives pop minute paper once a week. I def would take this class again!
5.0 : best teacher at temple.  such a good professor
4.0 : Dr. Drabick is the funniest professor I have ever had at Temple. She makes the lectures interesting to listen to because she is always making jokes and telling funny stories. She's really nice and willing to help the students also. I would definitely take her again.
4.0 : Attending lectures and taking notes are MUST to do well on the quizzes. 8 easy points for assigned minute papers, so make sure not to skip them. She makes lectures interesting by making it enjoyable. Final exam and 5 in class quizzes are all multiple choice. She will drop quiz with lowest score. I would "HIGHLY" recommend Prof. Drabick.
5.0 : Very easy class. I never went to lecture but just read the book and did good on every test. Tests questions are pretty easy as long as you look over the notes andor book. Easy A for sure! willing to help you whenever as well.
5.0 : Drabick was an awesome teacher! She made lectures interesting and was very engaging with the class. She was very transparent about what she wanted you to know, and that would be on the exam. She gave out 1 pop quiz per week, worth one point, and then you would review them. Great class!
5.0 : Dr. Drabick was AMAZING. I love her and wish I could take her for all of my classes. She truly cares about her students and is so funny. She is just great and so knowledgeable about her field. As a psych major, she was such an inspiration to me. Also, the class was interesting.
3.0 : Literally did nothing for that class other than write an essay on a book that I sparknoted. Gives a lot of effortless extra credit. He's very chill and understanding. Skipped class all the time and still received an A. He makes this class really easy. He doesn't enforce deadlines either, so there's no pressure.
4.0 : Honestly, he can be a little scatter brained but he is willing to help at all times. And he actually UNDERSTANDS that students have other lives, so he makes the students come up with the deadline for papers. He is an easy grader, like he said.. unless you're trying to fail, everyone passes. I got an A, and I'm not a good writer.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing professor. I learned more in this class than I did in my first 2 semesters combined. He breaks things down perfectly. He keeps you on your toes and really makes your brain go 100 miles an hour, but in a completely productive way. I always leave the classroom wishing I could pick his brain for more information.
4.5 : Super nice and good class. easy A
5.0 : Such a nice guy.... definitely recommend for mosaics I and II. Doesn't enforce due dates or attendance, but you should still go to class. You don't need to get any of the books and you only have to do two projects that he lets you submit over and over until you get the grade you want. Gives a lot of easy extra credit.
5.0 : This man is simply sensation. He will open your third eye without a doubt. creates the most comfortable environment for class. Most of our time is spent in . class disscussion about cuurent events and politics and if you show that you care you will get an !. no essay and attendance is not required.
1.5 : I am currently in the class for this semester and definitely disagree with past reviews. He has gotten extremely harder this semester -- 5 papers, 3 tests, and pop quizzes when attendance is low. SHOW UP TO CLASS OR YOU WON'T PASS. confusing and not very helpful. be careful with reading the positive reviews because he has changed his teaching style
1.0 : This guy is horrible. Taking him now and he requires us to bring every book to every class and attendance is mandatory! Doesn't give good feedback for essays. Don't take him unless he is the last professor.
2.0 : I changed my major after this class from english to chemistry!
4.0 : Interesting lectures. She has great industry experience. The final is a take home paper. There are five papers due including the final. Each paper is minimum of five page in length. Group project is a debate. This class is a lot of work. I hated writing the papers because of the page requirement.
5.0 : i did not have her as a teacher but went to one of her lectures, shes KNOWS what she is talking about, she had dedicated herself to research and the is type of individual that will back up every single claim she makes with excellent data. she is the type of teacher that we need more of at institutions
5.0 : She is supper nice, but the class is a little boring and long. She farily graded your paper. If you make some efforts  write your paper, you will get at least A-. She takes care of international students.
5.0 : Lynne is the best of them all!! Take it with her.
5.0 : Made the class extremely interesting.  Awesome sense of humor.  The assigned readings are actually relevant to life and you DON'T NEED A TEXTBOOK!  Just make sure to reference the material in your essays and you'll ace them.
5.0 : One of the best teachers at Temple ! She is extremely nice and willing to go out of her way to help her students. Gives extra credit and knows what she is talking about ! Material consist of 4-5 papers and quizzes , she is such a great teacher ! Take her !
5.0 : I don't usually rate prof. but just felt like giving a feedback to Lynne. She is inspirational and make you think on what you learning. I promise, by end of semester you will at least learn what a good business actually is. she is easy grader,   4 easy paper and a debate. If you put at least an hour a week, you will end up with A like me.
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class. Gives great lectures and really cares about what she's teaching. TAKE HER!!
5.0 : Dr. Nyquist is by far the GREATEST professor I have ever had the honor of learning from. He made Geology so fun and I had very little interest in it before taking this class. I honestly miss this class so much and was considering switching my major to Geology because of him. You'll learn a lot. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Best Professor I have had at Temple. Will seem impossible the first few weeks but if you put the work in you'll get the grade. You are not only paying for a great class but he is literally the most caring professor I have ever had. It's a dry topic but he makes it interesting by tying in life lessons and corny jokes.
5.0 : Best professor Ive ever had hands down
5.0 : Amazing professor. Not an easy class, definitely need to attend all classes, but that's not for the heck of it - the material requires it. Sets clear expectations that are hard but can be met. Incredibly helpful one on one; will never let you leave not understanding. Would recommend to anyone wanting to really learn.
4.0 : He is really helpful!! I have never seen a professor who are helpful like him! Go to his office! He explains until you understand fully! This is definitely not an easy class. You should be a good thinker
5.0 : Professor Fardmanesh is an amazing professor. He is probably the best (or at least top 3) professor I've ever had at Temple. You will learn a ton. One word of advice: DO NOT BOTHER READING THE TEXT - his exam  are basically based entirely on his notes. You will need the text for the key terms quiz, though. TAKE HIM!
4.5 : I can't talk him up enough! I truly came to love Professor Fardmanesh, he is so dedicated to supporting his students and genuinely cares that you do well. The almost weekly homework can be time consuming, but completing them and understanding the work is incredibly satisfying. Tests were on the 'tough' end, but he's genuinely a very fair grader
4.5 : He legit cares that you do well. Put in the effort, he'll notice. Visit his office hrs, he will literally sit with you for as long as it takes until you get it, no rush! Homework requires some time, but you get the hang of it, so it gets better.  Tests were part theoretical concepts (qualitative), and part calculations (quantitative), a FAIR grader
4.5 : Take him, take him, take him! You will leave his class the better for it. He will go out of his way, and then some, to clarify questions. Go to his office hours, incredibly useful. Tests are part definitions/concepts and part calculations -- for each test problem, he awards HEFTY partial credit, EVEN if the end result is incorrect. Wonderful man.
2.0 : You'll either really like him or hate him. His lectures go off topic more than I would like, especially when he complains about how he isn't given enough time to teach all the content. If you are late he will give you a hard time. Lots of people find him inspirational, but if you are remotely cynical, his personality will annoy you A LOT.
5.0 : Not enough I can say about my homie Fardmanesh. Truly one of the best men I have ever met. Any of his classes will be the most beneficial contributions to yourself. Not that his class is hard but it is tough because he requires you to think instead of just memorize which is real education. I honestly hate school but I took both his courses.
4.5 : Really great professor. Adds a lot to the classroom with viewpoints on politics and the real world. Be prepared for a difficult semester. Hint: tackle the memorization of the key terms in portions. The last key terms quiz had 72 terms. Quizzes aren't hard, it's just a commitment to memorize all the terms.
4.0 : Professor Fardmadesh is a very accessible and caring professor However, Do not take this man if you want any easy grade. He makes the class AS difficult as possible and provides no study tools. Good guy, but if you are looking for an easy A or B PLEASE do not take him you will struggle mightily. Only take if you are very invested in economics.
3.0 : Dr. Fardmanesh is very caring, he really does want you to do well. Although it is very lecture heavy, he makes them somewhat entertaining. This was a very difficult class for me. There are only 4 things you are graded on, hw assignments, attendance, and 2 tests. The tests are very hard and he gives no study material at all to prepare you, beware
4.5 : Professor Fardmanesh is one of the best professor's at Temple. He really wants you to do well. Go to his office hours, he will explain topics until you finally get it. The material is fairly difficult and analytical. He wants everybody to understand the material, and not just memorize for a test. His class will make you a better thinker.
4.5 : The material is very tough and it is imperative that you attend every class. The information builds from previous lectures. Prof. Fardmanesh is very helpful as well as insightful, go to his office and he is willing to discuss all matters from economics to food. You have to put forth effort for this class, but you will learn regardless.
4.0 : Professor Muhkerjee will be blunt about what you need to do to pass.  she will make you study and read but believe me, she will bring out the best in you. she might sound tough but she is only preparing you for what lies ahead.  she is always prompt and ever ready with feedback.  i will take her over and over again.
5.0 : She was one of the first fantastic professors I have had at Temple. This was a Film class and I was unaccustomed to analyzing film, but she was very thorough with her lectures. She's approachable and leaves a lot of good feedback on your papers. Make sure to read it! It's clear that she's very knowledgeable and wants to see you succeed!
4.5 : Professor Mukherjee helped me a lot throughout the semester. 802 is three 5-6  page papers and in the beginning a reading every night. Do not walk into class without knowing the reading because you will get called on. She's hard on her students but only because she wants to pull out the best in you. Would take her again if I could .
3.0 : I took her for a film class &amp; the quizzes were super easy as long as you listen to the lectures, however the papers were terrible. There's only 2, but she is so specific on what she wants it's impossible to get an A on one. Some of the movies are terrible &amp; you can only miss 3 classes which she strictly enforces. 2 quizzes, 2 papers, &amp; final.
5.0 : I took Professor Mukherjee this year for both English 0822 and English 0802 and am glad I did. She gives extremely clear grading criteria, detailed lectures and provides great feedback on papers in both classes. Don't show up expecting an easy A if you're lazy. All she asks is that you attend class, participate and engage yourself.
5.0 : Dr. Mukherjee is very passionate about the t matter. Films are watched and extensively lectured about in class. She helps her students in any way possible. Very humorous and informal class atmosphere. If you miss class regularly, don't take the class. She has an attendance policy that she reminds the class of regularly.
5.0 : In Dr. Mukherjee's Shakespeare in Movies class, she lectures extensively during days when you do not watch the films selected. You can tell she loves the subject and deeply cares about her students. If you plan on missing class regularly, so not take this class. Her attendance policy is clearly stated in the syllabus and she reminds us regularly.
5.0 : One of the best English professors Temple has to offer! She comes off a lot tougher than she really is, but if you listen to her lectures and engage in the discussions, you will come out of this class with a greater appreciation of literature. We covered everything from Shakespeare to Morrison, so the reading load is heavy but she makes it great!
4.5 : Outstanding! She sets high expectations for her students and, as a result, brings out the best in each student. She's dedicated to helping every student succeed.  I'd take another of her classes in a heartbeat.
5.0 : She's definitely a tough grader but her feedback helps a lot! If you attend class regularly, do the readings, and listen carefully/participate in class, you're good to go!
5.0 : She's very dedicated to helping her students succeed. If you seek help on your papers, she'll give you valuable feedback to help improve your writing skills! As long as you do your readings and come prepared to class, you'll do fine. Very approachable, insightful, and amazing professor overall!
1.0 : Honestly, if you already have Muhkerjee for your class my advice is get out while you can. She is by far the hardest and most intimidating professors I've ever had. She made this class much harder than any of the other 902 professors. Unless you sleep eat and breathe analytical reading and writing, I would not recommend Muhkerjee as a professor.
2.0 : prof Mukherjee is an ok teacher. she cares about her students. Taking her will make you a better writer. wouldn't take her again. she is super strict and intimating. sometimes she can be a bit rude and if you don't like being put on the spot to participate definitely don't take her because that will happen. allowed 3 absences only. 6-8 page papers.
5.0 : Attendance is important in this course. Every class is helpful for understanding the readings and assignments thoroughly. The professor gives really helpful and insightful  feedback on essays and her class made me become a better writer. I'm happy I chose her as a professor.
3.5 : Very nice lady, but she can get a little tough throughout the semester. She does that on purpose, and you'll thank her if you want to become a better writer. Lots of reading, but all relevant to assignments. Not too difficult, but challanging.
5.0 : Professor Mukherjee is an excellent professor. She provides a clear grading criteria and great feedback. Ive learned so much in her class and would recommend it to anyone who wants to improve their writing abilities.
1.0 : She can be a nice person but I hated this class. I am not the best reader so I didnt fully understand all of the readings, but she will call on you at random because she wants everyone to participate and I never knew anything and she embarrasses you and makes you feel stupid. 3 essays that determine weather you pass or fail. Dont recommend taking
5.0 : Professor Mukherjee is an amazing professor. She is very knowledgeable about American Literature. She cares a lot about the subject and her students. I was a little nervous taking this class at first because I am not an English major, but we covered many interesting texts and she was happy to answer any questions I had. She was a great choice.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Prof Mukherjee's class. I've never had a teacher so knowledgable about the subject they were teaching. I was nervous going into the class, but I'm so glad that I took it. I'm coming away with so much knowledge of American Lit. She helped me learn to analyze and discuss texts in a whole new way. She was great!
5.0 : Definitely one of the best English teachers I've ever had. There were very few assignments, but a large amount of reading, which is to be expected in a literature class. Her lectures are meaningful, eye opening, and it is clear that she is an expert on her material. Being a part of her class was a pleasure; she is such a sweet, strong woman.
5.0 : Just take him. Even tired I will still attend class. That is how much I got intersted to his classes. All Gen ed should be this way to make a global understanding and not stress you the soul out. Bref... Just take him
5.0 : Professor Giuffre is wonderful. His jokes are a little corny but he's definitely just trying to connect to the students. There's a decent amount of reading but there is in every Mosaics course at Temple. Just a few blog posts throughout the semester and one final paper that's on any book you read in the class. Definitely worth taking!
5.0 : Currently taking him right now. This guy is so knowledgeable on really everything you talk about. Thats how he keeps the class interesting. Ive learned more in his class than I have all year by just listening to him. Very fair guy. I think he's hilarious. Take him if you need this course you won't regret it. One of the best professors at temple.
5.0 : This class was awesome and very laid-back. This is a mosaics class so you do have to read, but its 100% manageable. Online blog posts, a couple assignments throughout the semester which are not a burden.  Classes are always discussions about the books. He is a very nice guy and very friendly. Just participate in class and the time will fly by.
5.0 : An absolutely beast. No filter, very laid-back. He tries to make class interesting and is definitely a fun class when everyone participates.
3.0 : The class is supposed to be discussion based, but no one wants to participate and eventually he does lot of talking. He is VERY SLOW GRADER. He gave us back our first draft of final essay couple of days before semester ended. With such little time left, it's VERY HARD to improve on your weaknesses. You'll end up with low grade because of his tardy.
3.5 : He is a slow grader.  He doesn't give tests or quizzes which is awesome.  The blog postings are a major part of your grade for the class, but they are easy to complete.
4.0 : Class discussions are very laid back, does his best to make them interesting. Pretty helpful if you have trouble coming up with a thesis. Slow grader but not the worst. No tests or quizzes, do the blogs, come to class and make an honest effort on the papers and you'll get atleast a B.
5.0 : This class is so easy, but he really keeps you entertained. He's crazy, but in a good way. 20 blog entries and one 4-5 page paper that he grades really fairly. Very discussion-based, no tests or quizzes, and I only bought one of the books.
5.0 : Chill guy. Only one five page paper, on one topic of your choice from the books, for the entire semester which is really good when compared to other professors. Talks about the books that you dont really need or need to read. requires blog posts, 20 separate paragraphs over the semester, not difficult. Get to skip three days, no grade penalty.
4.5 : Great teacher and great guy.  Led very thoughtful class discussions. My favorite teacher I've had at temple.
5.0 : Wow.  I have learned so much in this class without even realizing it.  Kaufmann takes your reading and writing letter to a whole new level.  He's a great guy who is always willing to help.
4.0 : Dr. Kaufmann is a great professor. Very clear and helpful to students who need it. We were only assigned a couple of very short papers, and we had about four reading assignments throughout the semester that we took a couple weeks each to focus on. Prepare to carefully dissect and analyze everything you read, though. He's a great guy! :)
4.5 : Had him for Intro to English Studies. He's a very open-minded guy. Gives a few easy homework assignments and 2 papers over the semester. He will give you an A as long as you demonstrate that you're putting in an effort. Make sure to meet with him during the optional conferences.
5.0 : One of the best English professors at Temple hands down. Extremely intelligent, insightful, accommodating, and supportive. Knows the text inside and out, and knows how to help students flesh out their ideas. If you want to learn how to examine literature, look no further.
5.0 : Very organized, always answers emails quickly, and wants students to succeed.  I already found a job because I was so prepared after this class.
5.0 : Hands down the best class and best professor I have ever had. I honestly enjoyed this class a million times more than any other. Professor Dandridge respects his students and see's their input as equal to his own. Course work is pretty light; as long as you show up to class and do the assignments, it isn't hard to get an A.
5.0 : He teaches at the University of Delaware as well. He is a good guy however, after the millions of life stories and jokes, you don't learn  much of anything. The quizzes he give have random questions like "Who is the creator of Boondocks" and other questions of that nature. I think I learned more song titles than about concrete material.
5.0 : This teacher is amazing. He take his time and make sure everyone is on the same page. You can tell the teacher plans his lesson. His intructions are very clear and straight to the point. He respects your view point of things. Excellent teacher. This man has a passion for teaching.
3.5 : He is passionate about African American studies very well educated and sensitive to the subject he is clear on point but once in a while he may go off topic he does not think or treat of his students like idiots but as an equal he is pretty cool and keeps class interesting trust me you won't fall asleep in his class....
4.0 : I had Professor Peyton for a first year seminar at Arcadia University. She's clearly passionate about what she does, and is eager to share that with students. She's also just generally a very caring person who really wants her students to succeed. However, this class at least was easy to the point of being boring.
4.5 : Modi  Best Calc one teacher by far  great person in general  make sure you take notes  HIGHLY recommend taking calc 1 with her
4.0 : Mrs. downing explained things clearly and did man different examples.
2.5 : She is not a fun teacher, moves quickly, and jumps around. The material is all there but it is confusing in how she presents it toward the class.
5.0 : Modi is one of the best math instructors in Temple University. I had her for calculus 1&amp;2. She has a great teaching approach that helps you understand the material and prepares you for the tests&amp;quizzes.  Make sure to visit her office hours  because she can help you do your homework. Quizzes are a bit tough, but if do the homework you'll be fine.
4.0 : I took her for Calc I. This was the first math class in which I ever received an A. Calculus in college is going to be a difficult class no matter who you take, but Moddy speaks clearly and explains exactly what the department looks for when grading the exams. She wants you to pass and wants you to know the material. Very helpful in office hours.
5.0 : Absolutely one of the best math instructors I've ever had.  She's passionate about what she teaches and understands it very well.  Had her for calc 1 and would love to have her for every math class following.  HIGHLY suggest.  Do the work and take the quizzes and homework seriously.
5.0 : Professor Downing was an amazing professor, one of the best in the department. Explains content very well, available to ask question, expects everyone to learn so go in with the intention of doing so.
5.0 : Downing manages to be one of the biggest hard-asses you will ever meet, who also happens to be a sweet ol lady at the same time. At the end of the day, if u want a good grade in calc, take her!! She gives really detailed notes (often teaching with her methods, rather than the textbook's method), and is always willing to help outside of class.
5.0 : I LOVE MODI! She is amazing in her teaching &amp; works with you. She is extremely understandable. I'll never forget the times she would warn me on my mistakes before an exam. I was deeply touched &amp;am astound by how much she truly cares for each and everyone of her students! With that being said, you do need to work hard if you want a good grade.
5.0 : Downing was the best math professor I've had at Temple. She comes off as strict (no cellphones), but you realize quickly it's because she wants you to succeed. The weekly quizzes are exactly the same as homework problems, so doing the homework is beneficial! She prepares you very well for all exams. I would definitely recommend taking her.
4.0 : Professor Downing is honestly amazing! I had to retake calculus because I failed the first time. I didnt understand anything but Downing really helped me out!! I went to her office hours, not as often as I should have but  I did go and it helped SO much! She takes attendence every class so dont skip but her lectures are fun so you shouldnt want to!
5.0 : Very useful teacher!!
4.5 : Best teacher ever! As long as you do the homework and study you will do fine. Always available for help.
5.0 : Downing is one of the best professors in the department. Calculus is very difficult. She presents the material very well and will actually seek out students if they perform poorly on a quiz. She offers extended office hours for extra help and truly wants everyone to succeed. Will take her again for future math courses.
5.0 : I honestly love professor downing, and she made me love calculus, respectively. I would not have made it this far through the semester without her guidance or encouragement. If you struggle with math, and want to obtain an A in calculus (and you're willing to work hard) take Downing. She's awesome.
5.0 : Modi truly wants her students to do well. She is a little rough around the edges but all in all she is one of the best calc teachers at Temple. I highly recommend taking her.
5.0 : Downing was the best professor I ever had for math. She thoroughly taught every section with many example problems. She would explain more if a student needs help and is very kind-hearted. She cares for each of students grade. Overall, she is an amazing professor and would highly recommend her.
4.0 : Professor Downing really cares about your success, utilize her availability outside of class if you have a hard time keeping up. She's a tough grader but its necessary in order to prepare you for the big tests. The more you get to know her, the more you realize how friendly she is. Don't skip and dont use tech during class, you'll be called out.
1.5 : She is horrible, very demanding with high expectations.  Her way or the high way.  Does not feel obligated to help student, took her for calc 1.
5.0 : One of the only kind, understanding, and genuinely helpful professors in Temple's math department.  You also won't be surprised by anything that comes up on the tests because she makes sure that you know by heart all the tough material in this course. I love Downing and hope to have her again if I take more math courses here.
5.0 : My had Modi for calc 2 for fall 2014 and it was an amazing class. Calc 2 is a difficult class and there's no getting around that, but Modi is always open to office hours and her explanations REALLY help you understand. Anyone who bad mouths literally prob didn't study or utilize her. It also helps how down to earth she is. I def recommend!!!
4.0 : I had her for calculus 1 and I failed it. She's so freaking hard and talks way too fast. I'm taking notes and listening to her talk simultaneously so I don't really understand everything. She writes really sloppy so that's how my notes come out.
4.0 : Easy! Homework aren't graded, it's just for review because the homework problems are literally the quizzes and exams! Few of the quizzes and exams were take home too. The only thing she's strict about is you being on your phone during class. Other than that, very nice lady, and I'm glad I had her.
5.0 : She was a really good professor and prepared you for the exams. She comes off as a little mean and intimidating but is actually super nice once you get to know her. Very accessible in office hours and is accomodating of any personal circumstances as well.
4.5 : He's really funny and is always willing to help. Assignments are easy to follow and the website is fun and not as much work as you think it might be. Easy A.
3.5 : He's a nice guy and a little nerdy. Made the lab pretty tolerable and let's class out early once he's finished, though he is willing to stay after if you have any questions. Pay attention and you'll do just fine.
4.5 : So I had Prof Simon-Pinot for my regular class and Chris for my lab. And while I hated the class Simon-Pinot attempted to put on, but Chris Tolis was funny, approachable, and helpful where Simon-Pinot was not. Recommended so long as you don't mind thick, Californian accents
2.0 : I thought he was a really great professor at first. I had missed one class for a valid reason and was very behind at the end of the semester. He was not very understanding and did not help me out on the homework nor did he give points back for my effort. I ended up dropping a whole letter grade last minute. This class should be super easy, but isnt
3.0 : This guy is super goofy. He keeps class interesting and makes you think he's a big softy until you get an assignment back and see that he's a pretty hard grader. But overall he's a cool guy and will make time for you outside of class of you need help.
5.0 : As someone who is not tech-savvy at all, I really enjoyed Chris' lab. Although he may be hard to follow during lab, he is extremely helpful and accessible during office hours. His sense of humor makes the lab more interesting and he has really good instructions on his website that I used while making my website. He's also a really fair grader.
1.5 : Professor Tomzcyk seems like a great professor in the beginning of the semester. This is because it is a review from Macro. Once you start learning Micro with him, your grade goes downhill. Hes not really helpful and expects you to learn it by yourself.
4.0 : Great teacher. Friendly and always willing to help. Has an awesome curve, 60-79% is a C. Tests are easy as long as you understand the material and study. Is very lenient with extending hw deadlines, just ask him. Overall great teacher
1.0 : I did not like this guy. Speeds through the material like Daytona Speed Way. He expects you to read every chapter in a day or two and know it like the back of your hand. That would be okay if this is your only class. Heard there are better teachers out there
4.5 : Real nice guy and an even better professor. The class is basically 90% tests so they really matter a lot. If you read then go to class and do all the homeworks the class is not hard to bad at all.
3.0 : I took vigorous notes during his class - really helped with homework, but not so much with tests. He knows what he's talking about and he's not a bad guy, so if your other options suck, I say take his class. Study HARD for the final, though!
4.0 : I thought he was a really good professor and his feedback and lectures were really informative. His homework's are extremely beneficial and will help your final grade A LOT. The homework's also helped me do better on the exams which aren't cumulative. Over all, you have to go and pay attention or you won't do well in the class bottom line.
5.0 : Took Prof T's special topics course on Natsume Soseki. Overall, it was a rewarding class. We had good discussions, and I learned a lot about not only Soseki, but Japanese history. I liked our reading selection. Prof T is friendly, and she wants her students to suceed; she'll readily meet with you outside of class for extra help.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. The syllabus is clear. We go over items in the beginning of class, majority of class time is used for negotiations, and we have discussions afterwards. The video lectures have a lot info so watch them to pass exams and quizzes. Also do the readings as they relate to the negotiations. Overall, great professor!
4.0 : A bit challenging taking a negotiation course online but Professor Hochner makes it as easy as possible. So long as you participate in the class discussionsnegotiations the course is easy. One large semester long project which is pretty cool and a few quizzes.
5.0 : This class is a very good class to take, he teaches the course content. He's quick at responding to his email. Pay attention in class, read the course material you'll do great. I wish all professor can teach were like him
5.0 : Professor Hochner is an awesome professor! Very organized class with clear expectations. Do the work and you will earn an A.
4.0 : Professor Lorenz is very good at explaining material that other professors may struggle to explain.
5.0 : Maria is an awesome professor. I worked insanely hard for this class but learned a ton. All Calc 2 classes are going to be difficult and Maria makes everything as straight forward as possible. I loved having her and would absolutely take her again. Definitely recommend out of all the Calc professors.
5.0 : She is the most caring Math professor I have ever known.
4.0 : Prof. Lorenz is a very tough grader, its her way or the highway.  I took her over the summer session, and she will take points off of quizzes if you don't show everything that she wants.  I'd say she's a very tough professor.  She doesn't alway teach new material thats on quizzes.  Also she doesn't always do the problems students ask her to do.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had. Incredible lectures. Great at teaching and explaining. Very fair and kind. She's great.
5.0 : Dr. Lorenz is a great teacher. The only reason anyone would really give her anything negative is because heshe didn't really use all of the resources she's provided. The homeworks, textbook, and even her office hours gives every student an equal ground for the opportunity to succeed.
4.0 : Very detailed and repeats a lot of the information - will either help you learn or drive you crazy. Don't get cocky with AP credits, you'll have to actually know the topic and know it well in order to get an A.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. Knows how to explain concepts well and has so much energy when teaching. She is always there to help if you need it. If you need to take Calc 1 or 2, take her!!
4.0 : Will go out of her way to help students understand homework and key concepts
2.5 : Her teaching style did not fit with my learning style probably.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Calc 2 is not an easy subject, but put in the work and make sure you understand the concepts, you should be able to get an A with her teaching. She is extremely, crystal clear about what she wants you to show with your work, always ready to help and also gives extra credit. Wonderful teacher. You'll learn a lot.
4.5 : Jaime is a great professor who truly cares about his students and loves what he does! He is very clear-cut and tells you the composition of the tests! I'm so sad that he doesn't teach in the spring because I'd definitely take him again! Not to mention he is very easy on the eyes ;)
4.0 : Super easy A. He barely gives homework and is lenient about changing test and assignment due dates. I'm not sure if he even takes attendance after the first few weeks. He's really nice, funny, engaging, and a native Spanish speaker so I learned a lot from him. We used the textbook a bit but you can get an older edition, he doesn't mind.
4.5 : Dan Touey is one of the most open and approachable professors I've ever had. He's very funny and easy to get along with, and he knows the material well, although he doesn't presume to be an expert. If I could, I'd take his class again.
5.0 : If you aspire to be more conscious of the world around you or just have a decent sense of humor, you will love this guy. Touey is hands down the best professor I've had in all of my life. If you don't get anything out of his class I'm deeply ashamed...
5.0 : He's funny and he knows what he is talking about. He is very straightforward, and as long as pay attention in class you will do fine.
5.0 : "Legos are my life. That's all I do, but my dad makes music films. My main focus is lego pirates, but I also do lego star wars and lego futurama. I do most things alone, sometimes with help from my friends Dylan and Sam" (Dan Touey).
5.0 : Touey is a strange but easy guy. He's really irresponsible and doesnt put grades till the end of the sem. he cancelled a few papers cause he didnt feel like grading it. I feel like he gave us 5/5 on papers cause he just doesnt care. Overrall take him. Dan's a pretty lazy teacher who you have benefit off of with an A. theres a final, which is dum!
5.0 : I can't even explain to you how much I did not care about any of the assigned texts. Did that affect my grade? Absolutely not. This man wants you to get an A. If you want an easy A, he's your guy. Aside from that, he's just a great guy. He's funny and easy to get off topic. Enjoy!
4.0 : Had him for film comedy, very easy class since its just streaming some classic comedy films. He put a sign in sheet up for attendance so often people just leave during the break. Fun class most of the time, but you probably won't learn too much from the "lecture", however he does know a lot about film and always welcome student to talk with him.
5.0 : Dan is the most intelligent professor I've ever had. He talks a lot, and keeps you late every class but you can learn a great deal from him if you listen. Highly recommend.. it's also a pretty easy class with a very manageable workload
4.0 : Dan is one of the best Professor's at Temple. He gets you thinking about topics such as politics, culture, drugs, location, and horror from new angles. He's like a philosopher who focuses on film. All his classes are a great experience.
4.0 : Dan talks a lot...too much if you ask me. He makes up for it, though, in the films he shows and how he makes you think about them. I had seen some of the horror movies he showed in his Horror Film class, but Dan was able to give a whole different spin on how I viewed them. Learned about both film and roots of psychology in this class! Light load
5.0 : We always had hilarious discussions in that class. He's a cool guy who is fun to talk to. Only thing is, he has a bad habit of rambling on and on. For his film comedy class, it was just blog assignments talking about the various films we would watch. Easy stuff!
4.5 : Dan is really really good, although someone might think he's too talkative, but all his words really mean something, and they are super inspirational. His class is a process for you and him to explore a great topic together.
4.5 : He's the best professor.  Dan has endless knowledge of film. He has interesting screenings.
4.5 : Cheri is amazing. She really wants you to do well and is so approachable. She'll always make time for you and is really flexible with due dates. Pretty tough grader, but all BizCom instructors are.
5.0 : Professor Cutler is by far the BEST professor I have ever had at Temple. She has a TON of experience and integrates it with class. She is very helpful and is always there to help. She truly wants all of her students to pass and succeed! I HIGHLY recommend her for Business Communications!!!!
5.0 : Says that she is a tough grader (though I didn't really think so), but she gives very helpful feedback on everything that she marks wrong. She also created a very positive environment in which students could critique each other's work and learn from it. She makes the instructions for each assignment very clear and provides examples for each one.
5.0 : Top 2 nicest professors I've ever had. She creates an open and comfortable environment, making presentations feel not so difficult and nerve racking like in other classes. She is very helpful with assignments if you speak to her. Plus, she gives feedback and is fair with grading. She shares her practical experiences and really wants you to do well
4.0 : Easy A, but don't expect to learn anything worthwhile.  I spent most of the semester shopping online and still passed with an A.
5.0 : TAKE HER!!! She is an awesome professor and you won't regret it. She is understandable, kind, and helpful. She is one of the best professor I had at TU. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! Wonderful Professor =)
4.0 : Professor Cutler is a great person. She knows what she is talking about and is a very approachable person. She was a tough grader but gives great feedback. Bus Com is the same as the other class, lots of presentations and essays.
5.0 : Creates a great environment. one of the best bizcom teachers. knowledgable and shares her experience. utilize her office hours for clarifications if necessary
5.0 : Professor Stull is hands down one of the most inspiring professors! He definitely knows what he is talking about and he gets excited talking about econ. The class was difficult just because the topic is dry but he gives you a lot of options on the test. You can choose to do 3 out of 5 problems! I would definitely take more classes with him.
3.0 : ECON3502 is an easy and boring class. His lecture note is good, but the textbook he uses is incredibly boring. You have to read the book to prepare for exams. I fall asleep several times in the lecture and while reading the book. Stull is a nice guy, anyway. A very easy A as long as you do some work.
4.0 : Take him for micro! Dr Stull is one of the best professors that the Econ dept has to offer. His notes are very concise and easy to understand, a total opposite to the required textbook, which is the most unnecessarily dry, boring and talkative texts I've ever read. Dr Stull seriously needs to consider choosing a different text for the class!
4.0 : Sounds nave, but an inspiring professor to say the least. He gets excited about what he teaches. Don't get me wrong, Hes Hard! Micro economics is hard in general. If you can take Macro Econ then I would suggest that as I heard that was easier. Hes very helpful and Truly Wants you to Succeed. Do good on the problem sets they saved me. Remember that
5.0 : Stull is def one of Temple's best. I can't say enough about him. Even with that said, he makes you work for your grade (as you should in college). The problem sets were sometimes tricky but they weren't too bad. The exams were nerve wrecking but as long as you follow his study guide, you should be fine! I can't wait to see him again in my capstone.
5.0 : I expected this to be the most boring class this semester, but Stull made the subject bearable. His notes and lectures are very precise and thorough. You need to come to class and work for a good grade, which is based 80% on tests and 20% on weekly homeworks. Tough class but great professor.
5.0 : Tough grader, but ultimate grade is on a generous curve. The subject is very tough, but Prof is passionate about the topic and committed to helping facilitate learning. Generous office house and available by email until 8 pm. Part of the tests are based strictly on the book, but I only memorized parts for the test. It was incomprehensible.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors in the department. Take if you are serious about philosophy and prepared to work for your grade. Lectures can be overwhelming, but also incredibly insightful. The man is brilliant and it shows. This prof is not an 'easy A'. He treats you like an adult and expects to see effort and interest in the material.
5.0 : Wolfsdorf is a great philosophy professor. He makes everything clear in his lectures and handouts. At first he seems intimidating, but he's patient and will make sure you understand the course material. This class is heavy on semantics and less on ethics, but it's useful for philosophy - he'll show you why. Also, no cell phones. He'll fail you.
3.0 : Personally, I found him to be unclear and confusing and honestly strange at times. Wouldn't let you eat in class, automatic fail if you're on your phone, and can kind of be sort of condescending. However, the grading criteria was good with 3 TAKE HOME essay exams. They're not hard but require you to think long and hard. Phil majors only (I'm psych)
4.0 : One of the only two professors who really taught me anything of use in all of my education courses.
5.0 : The workload was very light and the little that we did have to do was purposeful. She wants you to draw connections between the class material and your own music which is a really cool thing to emphasize. She really didn't take attendance, but people who skipped missed out on some cool information and guest speakers. She puts effort into her class.
5.0 : Dr Weightman is one of the best professors at Temple University !!! She really want everyone to succeed and do well in her classes. She is a really easy grader and gives you weeks after the due date to submit your papers and take home exams. If you got the opportunity to be in her class DO NOT HESITATE !! DO IT !!
5.0 : THE BEST OF THE BEST
1.5 : This teacher is rude and very unhelpful and the class is totally pointless. I learned more from the textbook. She did NOT make the power points herself and the two projects are confusing and useless.
5.0 : She is literally so cute and nice and her class is interesting and fun. There are a few take home tests throughout the year and a paper from a mandatory performance. There are small assignments during class that count as attendance and some days she passes around a sheet. Performers come to class sometimes too. Overall she is great!
3.0 : she's kinda anal about what you write for her online assignments
5.0 : She's wonderful. Very sweet lady. Put forth a good effort on the online assignments, doesn't have to be exceptional but show that you have genuinely care about the class in your work and you're guaranteed an A! Also attendance matters. Some group projects and presenting but not too much work. Definitely show up on days with performers
4.0 : Dr. Weightman is so nice. Almost all of the assignments are online and there are lots of in class projects that are fun and engaging. The guest speakers were great.
4.0 : Dr. Weightman was a great teacher that truly cares about her material. All of the projects are easy and it's a show up and pass class to be honest, but you will get a good time out of it. The African drumming section was really fun. Also, this class costs nothing to take and less an hour of work per week. 10/10 for the adorable british lady
4.0 : Great Prof!! She explains things clearly and is very helpful. She wants you to do well. Take Her
4.0 : She is a bit too strict about talking in class and using cell phones/laptops. However, she does an excellent job at teaching, as she goes at a very slow pace. Lectures can tend to drag on, but the tests and the curriculum in general is SUPER easy. I'm feeling a light to decent 7/10 on this professor.
5.0 : Had her for both Stat 1102 and 2103.  Possibly best professor I have had. Extremely clear when teaching, and always willing to help. Tests are straightforward and just like the practices tests she gives out before hand. Awesome teacher, definitely recommend her.
2.5 : Don't take if you aren't strong in math. Tests are heavily weighed and few questions (if you get a few wrong, you get a low grade). Clear-- but fast. She knows her stuff, but if you struggle, get a teacher with a smaller class size- not lecture. Study, do homework, attend office hours and MSRC. She's nice, but a warning to non-strong math students.
4.0 : Chitturi was a solid choice. Very knowledgeable about statistics and would never leave anybody lost in class - she always stopped to ask if anyone had any questions. Tests aren't too bad, homework was pretty easy. Pay attention and you'll get at least a B.
4.5 : Nobody really likes stat, but Professor Chitturi helps get everyone along. She moves at a snails pace through examples to really make sure you get it. It's worth it to go to every class, because she spends so much time on examples. She's a nice, attractive woman who I would take again. Her TA, Gina, was pivotal. She helped get me through the class.
2.0 : Awful. No help. HW &amp; Extra Credit not worth much despite hours of work. Struggled to pass. And her tests are hard even when you study.
4.0 : Best teacher ever. Gives practice tests that are similar to the exams. You have to go to class to get notes because she doesn't post them but if you go to class and try to do the homework well/take practice exams you will get an A. I am not that great at math and got an A because of her, took her for stat 1102 as well. TAKE HER!!
4.5 : Professor Chitturi is a very good teacher who could probably teach any subject. She is engaging and well organized in her approach. Rarely will you leave not understanding what has been taught.
5.0 : A world-class professor. She was an excellent instructor and very well-prepared. I don't recall hearing a single complaint from anyone in the class.
5.0 : Excellent instructor, extremely knowledgeable, and very friendly. Builds excitement about subject matter that can be extremely dry.
4.0 : Prof. Chitturi is a very knowledgable stat teacher. The class has only minimal work, and the three exams are pretty easy if you pay attention in class. Beware, the homework is the worst part of the class,  it's nothing like the classwork.
4.0 : A really awesome teacher - knows what she's talking about and explains it really well. Unfortunately, she loses your homework sometimes (it's done on paper! only teacher I've had who still does that), which is why my final grade was so poor.
5.0 : She is one of the most organized and well spoken professors I have ever had. Very clear and precise and she will not lose you without stopping to take questions.
5.0 : She is a terrific person and educator. She is extremely genuine in class and works hard to ensure that each student understands the material. She often stops to check if students have any questions and is happy to reexplain material if needed. Overall material is not too difficult, but she will stop teaching if anyone talks!I'm taking her next sem!
5.0 : She really cares about the subject matter and is very fair, but the workload was the heaviest of any of my classes. Excel projects are actually the devil.
4.5 : Amazing teacher who made STAT easy and understandable, there are only three tests the whole semester which are NOT curved but if you study it's pretty easy to do extremely well on them, homework is once a week and not that difficult-its good practice for the problems on the tests, couldn't recommend taking her enough :)
4.0 : Professor Chitturi is an amazing teacher. Her stat class is rather easy if you pay attention and complete all the homework which is not many. One homework assignment due on Fridays. 2 Midterms 1 Final. She is really helpful and nice if you ask her questions after class. She tries her best to assist you. I would recommend students to take her.
5.0 : She is a fabulous instructor and is very approachable and accessible. Her exams are fair and don't have any curve balls. I myself am not the most mathematically inclined but I feel very comfortable in her class and would not choose anyone else
5.0 : LOVE HER. If I could take her for every math class from here on, I would. She is such a good teacher and always stops to ask if we have any questions She is really good at explaining tricky concepts and if you show up to class and do the homework that she assigns, it is an easy class.
4.5 : Wonderful professor.  No complaints at all.  She's clear and concise when explaining concepts and continuously encourages you to ask questions in class.  If you go to class and pay attention, no way you do not pass.
4.0 : Great teacher and I plan on taking her again for business statistics. Her teaching style is simple and extremely affective. She gives a ton of examples that are worth writing down because they come in handy when studying for her exams which are relatively easy. Her practice exams and problems are also extremely helpful. Go to class and you'll pass.
4.5 : She is a very good professor who explains everything very clearly and always gives lots of examples for every topic. We have a lot of homework but its never hard and the exams are very easy too.
5.0 : She's very good at explaining. Do not talk in this class, she will stop the entire class and it's awkward.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors that I have had. She is so knowledgeable. She gave a lot of good examples  in the class, so it makes the materials easy to understand. You should definitely take her.
5.0 : Best/easiest math teacher ever. I didn't do that well in high school math but she made math so easy and clear. gives sample tests and final. Weekly homework which helps you learn stuff. you can go to her/her peer teacher for homework help and they will give u answers for it. Taking her next semester for 2103!! if u go to class u will be fine
5.0 : One of the sweetest professors. Is very clear within her lectures and uses time well in class. Wants you to do well, reviews for the test are similar to the exam, and she teaches exactly what you need to know for the tests. Homework due every Mon and Excel projects due every Fri but they aren't too bad and help if you're not the best test taker.
5.0 : Dr. Chitturi is a great teacher! Absolutely love the way she teaches (does the problems with you, explains steps and common mistakes). Weekly homework that helps you learn, in-class activities. She is always ready to help and encourages students to ask questions. Definitely, recommend, and will be taking more of her classes in the future.
4.0 : Mary is the consummate hip professor. She's infinitely friendly but firm and opinionated, often going out of her way to give constructive criticism that easily outstrips the superficial snark proffered by some of her colleagues. Whether you agree with her opinions, it's essential to understand that she's smart and she cares, a unique combo indeed.
5.0 : Dr. Shapiro is passionate about teaching and gives fantastic notes that help for the quizzes. Make sure you attend class and you'll do well.
5.0 : Edward DuCoin knows his stuff. Nice balance between book and real world. Not boring but some projects could be more organized. He gave me an A and so I give him and A.
3.5 : Mary is scatterbrained funny, but sometimes confusing. Very big on cooperative work with classmates and talking about things. Easy class. Protip: She's huge on names, so remember some of your classmates names if you want to impress
2.0 : I can't express how much I don't like her. I can't stand the way she teaches. She says MKAY, RIGHT? &amp; I'M READY...A LOT. I'm in a 120 lecture class &amp; have ASSIGNED seats. Quizzes every week on READINGS so if u don't have time to read bc u have IMPT CORE classes, don't take this class. SHE DOES TAKE ATTENDANCE &amp; if TA sees u using phone, U R ABSENT.
5.0 : Mary is a great professor. She treats her students as equals and makes the class as fun as she can! This is not a class for those who would not benefit from taking a short five question quiz every week of the class. They are easy though! It's a reading intensive course! Totally worth it!
4.5 : One of the BEST classes i've taken since I got here. Very interesting class, kept my attention. Be sure to take lots of notes, tests are based off of discussion in class. READ the book! Awesome teacher, always willing to help
4.0 : Mary is a very very kind, knowledgeable lady. I thoroughly enjoyed taking her for intro, and I would most definitely take her again.
5.0 : I have taken two classes with Mary and plan on taking a third next semester. I have taken both intro sociology as well as Racial and Ethnic Stratification. I have learned so much from her. Yes she is very heavy on class participation. But it's a fantastic feeling when you can confidently participate because she makes everything so comfortable!
5.0 : She is very nice and cares about the students. We had 4 reaction papers, 1 midterm and 1 final. Class was fun and we learned a lot about race that was not taught in high school. I think this is a very important and interesting class. I recommend it.
4.0 : Mary was a great professor. I took Intro to Sociology with her, and would definitely recommend her. Gave out weekly quizzes but they were 5 questions, and as long as you read the assigned chapter, you'd pass. Midterm and final were based on readings, notes from her powerpoints, and class discussions.
4.0 : She was a great professor. All of her exams were very fair and the quizzes every Friday were extremely easy if you skimmed the material. I recommend her, she listens and she knows her material well.
5.0 : No tests besides Midterm and Final. In place of tests you write essays. She is liberal and makes it know while respecting other opinions. The discussions in class are controlled and centered around the reading or something that happened in our society. Even thought there are no tests I have learned more in 2 months about history than ever before.
5.0 : Wow! I love Mary! Best professor I've ever had. She makes the class interesting and engaging and is funny while she does it! Very highly recommend her, as she is kind and will care about you and your well-being all throughout the class.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes. Mary is an awesome professor who cares about her students. She makes lectures interesting and even funny at times. If you do the readings, which are not that long then you should do well in the class. 3 reaction papers, 3 tests(2 midterms, 1 final).
4.0 : This class was interesting. I wish the lecture slides were a bit clearer to be able to look back and study with. Class was graded on: no papers, 4 exams, a couple short HW's, and attendance. Impressed that she was able to remember people's names in a lecture hall of over 100 people.
3.0 : If you're shy, don't take her class. Lecture is based off readings which you discuss the very basic meaning of and then mostly share your feelings and opinions on it. Then the exams are full on history and hard questions about little things within the readings. She keeps calls interesting but lecture and exams don't line up.
4.0 : Easy class but wants everyone to talk. Makes you talk to the people next to you every class about the readings or other things. Has a seating chart attendance matters and uses it to call on random people. Midterm and final, in class assignments, and 4 reaction papers. Felt like i was in high school again. but easy A if u study notes for test.
3.0 : She's a very nice lady, but if your opinions don't match up to hers you won't get a good grade on any of the papers. The class only has a midterm, final, &amp; 4 papers. Both the midterm &amp; final were very hard &amp; based off readings that were for homework. She wants everyone to be very vocal and class attendance is mandatory. Good professor, hard grader.
4.5 : Ask for help and you shall receive. He wants you to pass, and you will if you try at all!
5.0 : Tony is an amazing professor -- so far the best I have taken at Fox. He has a certain magical quality in his teaching and brings the subject matter to life.  He is passionate about product development and this enthusiasm is contagious. He is always available to help and support his students and wants everyone to succeed.
3.5 : Sinha is a great prof &amp; I learned a lot in his class. He likes to call on students by random in order to create participation. Willingly answer a question at least once in the beginning so he doesn't focus on you. Oral quizzes are a little tough. There's only one exam &amp; its written. Final "exam" is a group presentation about a revival for a brand.
4.0 : Professor Sinha is a great professor at Temple. You will learn alot in his class. He is fair to everyone. Exams are tough( short &amp;long answers) but class is interesting. Would recommendaaaaaaaaaaaa
3.5 : Dr. Jay is the man, he is very entertaining in class. And brings a unique perspective to Consumer &amp; Buyer Behavior. He is a tough grader on papers, so make sure everything is explicitly outlined in your paper. The final project is a pain, but he shows so many examples in class it would be hard to not notice and do well on the project.
5.0 : He is a great Professor! He knows a lot and teaches the class very interesting. This was the only class this semester I really enjoyed going to. There are 3 papers and one presentation. He grades very easy as long as he sees you put some effort into the papers.  Great Professor! I would definitely recommend him!   No text book required.
5.0 : Prof Delaney is one of my favorite professors I've had at Temple. He keeps class interesting and the work load is fair. He also understands that students have lives outside of class and is very understanding if you have a personal issue conflicting with class. I never got below a B in this class, other than a B- on a late paper. Highly recommended!
4.5 : You don't have to read if you go to class. You have to have the textbook for the writing assignments. Do all of them and the extra credit. The test are short and clear cut. He practically gives you the answers. He is funny and old school. Plays music most days before class and tells way too many sports (baseball) antidotes.
4.5 : Lammendola is a super chill teacher, he really wants the class to be engaged and has clear straightforward tests and lectures. Assigns a few papers, including a group  research paper which he grades sort of tough, but overall an excellent professor
3.0 : Lammendola is a nice guy and a very knowledgeable professor, but definitely projects liberal ideals on his students. He makes accusations about the conservative SCOTUS justices and never clarifies that he's speaking from a point of opinion. If you can separate his beliefs from his instruction, definitely a good professor.
1.0 : This is one of the worst classes I have ever taken. If you have the option of an 8am with literally anyone else, I would choose that over this class any day. Class is unstructured, homework is unclear and graded harshly, and he spells at least one word wrong in every sentence. Avoid unless you like mansplaining.
5.0 : He is wonderful. He wants his students to succeed, so if you listen in class and take notes, study for your exams and do the papers you should easily get an A. This is my second class with him.  if you show up this class is easy, promise! He is very intelligent and knowledgable... if you have the opportunity to take him, do it. also knows A LOT!!!!
5.0 : Professor Lammendola was very helpful, and he likes students who care about the class. Do your part as a student, and it is an easy A.
4.0 : This class is rather boring at times. If you read consistently it will help a good bit. However, you can also read before the test and do pretty well. He helps you out with the papers a great deal. However, the midterm and final were open book and the average grade for the midterm was a 90, so in order to get an A in the class you have to do well.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Prof. Lammendola's class this semester, probably one of my favorite college course to date. He's really cool and if you pay attention in class you'll pass, if you fail it's your fault. He gives real life examples and really made me interested in law. After I complete my undergrad I may go back and speak with him about law school.
4.5 : Really interesting class. It's not too difficult, you absolutely have to do the readings, or you'll do badly on exams. I took him online, both exams were open book, but still tough if you don't read the book before hand. He grades the papers pretty strictly. I definitely recommend taking Lammendola; he's a nice guy and very helpful during class.
4.0 : Took the online class. You watch 3-5 videos each week, about 20 mins each, then take a 5 question quiz. Book is helpful. Tests were a pain in the butt, but definitely matched the material from videos and books, no surprises. Also had 2 papers. Clear-cut. He is very knowledgable. Also recorded lectures, which was awesome, especially for tech issues.
3.0 : Thought he was an alright teacher. Although not incredibly difficult he does look for specific points on papers and in exams. Having the book really helps to make sure you have all material covered. Is willing to help if you have any questions though.
5.0 : I actually want to listen to his lectures. He is very great to talk to as a person after class. His section that he teaches in the class is psychological disorders. He is really passionate for what he does, and he has a lot of connections to outside jobs.
5.0 : He was my favorite professor in psych 101!! His lectures were super interesting!
4.5 : Prof. Woyshner is a great Professor.   She is easy to understand, up front with her grading and expectations and she totally knows her stuff.
5.0 : She is one of the best. She respects her students and is so understanding. Do not mistake her for a push-over as she knows exactly what she is doing with her mastery teaching technique she does on her syllabus. She gives great feedback and she makes the class very comfortable for discussions.
5.0 : Folger is an awesome professor! There is 1 quiz and a midterm and final. Everything is open notes and open book. There are also 2 short, easy papers. Just pay attention and you'll do great in this class.
4.0 : The class itself was pretty interesting. She's really into poetry and tends to lean more towards that when assigning things. She does keep the class engaged but her opinions really shine over everyone else's. Not many people participated in my class because she shut them down a lot. She's nice and the class was average but nothing more.
3.0 : Class discussion was interesting and she's good at keeping it going. As long as you read, talk at least once per class, and do the assignments I think you're set. Your grade consists of 3 essays and participation. I think as long as you're organized in your essays you're good. She's nice and gives good feedback.
4.5 : Great Teacher!
4.5 : She is a great teacher. Some of the other comments say she is opinionated but she is really just challenging you to qualify your ideas. Very laid back and understanding and a very fair grader. Need to participatereading the books isn't completely necessary. Overall good class, the only one i didn't dread going to. Better than other sections
4.0 : Pattie was a good professor overall.  She was easy going and flexible.  She was always willing to talk to you about essay options or anything you needed.  She was an average grader and gave you clear feedback on why she graded the way she did.  Her responses to emails were hit or miss though.
5.0 : Love love love Ms. Goyette!!! I have learned so much about LIFE in this course, and that statistics really does matter. She makes the course fun and easy to understand --would definitely take her again.
5.0 : One of the few on a very short list of GREAT PROFESSORS! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER!
5.0 : Dr. Goyette is brilliant, interesting, helpful, professional, consistent, funny, and affable. Statistics, Data Analysis, or Demography, doesn't matter. If you see Dr. Goyette on the roster, take her. Simple as.
5.0 : Goyette is by far the best teacher to have if you need to take Stats. Very laid back, tests are all open note, and she always has office time to go over any questions related to homework or any difficulty.
5.0 : An asset to the TU Soc Dept. Highly recommended! Knows her stuff, teaches it well, available to help, and flexible. No tests for data analysis. No need to buy books. Attendance mandatory but you'll want to go anyway. Also, she's funny and hot.
5.0 : This is my favorite professor at Temple short of my own research adviser. Dr. Spano gives  some of the most lively lectures I've had the pleasure of attending. He is the very image of the excitable, curious scientist and his enthusiasm is infective. He's the closest thing we have to our own personal Richard Feynman when it come to lectures.
4.5 : Professor Weiler is a super nice guy and a great teacher. He is extremely understanding and also very accomadating. He is also leiniant on due dates and all exams, quizes and our final were take home. He is pretty boring but even if you semi- pay attention and use the book you will do great. I highly recommend taking him.
4.0 : This class was super easy- the four take home tests are not hard, i never once read my book or listened in class and I got an A. (I do like political science however, so I have  a base understanding). You can totally google the test answers. He was very understanding about late work. Overall, easy A and he is a really nice guy.
5.0 : You really need to have the textbook to be successful in this class, there were 4 take home tests that took answers from the book, 1 short answer and 3 multiple choice. He likes to lecture and he's really funny. If you have the book, you'll easily pass.
2.5 : Very dry and just boring. I'm currently on my phone in class doing this. He gives out quizzes and that's it. A lot of questions don't even come from lectures. Just here for attendance points. Has a textbook but I never even bought it.
4.0 : Easy class.  Textbook required, however, only needed it for test/quiz!  Attendance not mandatory.  Great professor, very helpful and understanding!  Highly recommend this course!  It was an elective which I did not want to take but it was okay in the end.  Probably will receive an A+
4.5 : I've taken a few too many classes with Dr Weiler but overall, he's one of the best teachers I've had at Temple. He is EXTREMELY biased in his political views but does a good enough job of teaching objectively. You must pay attention in class since his tests are based almost entirely off his lectures. Tests can be confusing but all are take-home
4.5 : Best political science professor at Temple. He really tries to help his students. All quizzes are taken home. Attendance is not mandatory. He is really knowledgeable about the constitution! I really love this class!
5.0 : I took Conrad for Constitutional Principles and he was amazing! A lot of students think he is a dry lecturer, but if you are pre-law this class is a must take! He talks about important supreme court cases every pre law major should know. He also teaches the class in the socratic method, like a law class. Very nice, kind, and understanding.
4.0 : Buy the E-Book, only 5 quizzes and a final all take home, often word for word out of the book. A lot of people don't pay attention and do other schoolwork, which is a shame because Prof. Weiler is an intelligent, smart and really nice guy with a lot of valuable knowledge. Either participate or to sit quietly/awkwardly, easy A regardless
1.5 : We were only graded on one essay and four take-home "quizzes" this semester (I put "quizzes" in quotes because they were 50+ questions, that's a test!). They were all multiple choice which I was excited about but most of the questions were completely incomprehensible. He talks in circles and never seems to know for sure what's going on. Not a fan!
3.5 : Great professor
4.0 : Don't give up on this course. I received a 40-50 percent on all 4 exams, barely attended half the classes, and I still managed to get a B in his class. His curving is incredibly generous.
5.0 : This man unknowingly restored my faith in professors. Coming from a supportive high school with good teachers, I was dumbstruck by the lack of care for students that the Temple professors had. No one in the science department would put this amount of effort in for their students. TAKE HIM YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT! Amazing curve btw. I'm a 2nd year.
1.0 : I feel like I was set up to fail. His lectures were all over the place and he is overall a disorganized professor (1st test took 45 mins to hand out &amp; ended up having missing pgs). I relied on the textbook &amp; practice tests to teach me. Attending class is a waste of time, but he takes attendance at the end of every class since ppl stopped coming
5.0 : If there was ever a professor I'd buy a beverage to, this would be the one. The man just knows how to curve. Great teacher.
5.0 : Recommended if you need to gain knowledge of the basic of physics. I'm glad that I took a class with him to prepared me for a higher level of physics (2021) class, he explain everything clearly and making sure that his student understand the concept. He is a very nice and will try to help you as much as he can. I would definitely take him!
3.0 : He's a great teacher and very friendly. He offers help all of the time and you can tell he really cares about his students. He's very passionate about what he does.
3.0 : A very basic and interesting class. Professor Hasan always offers to help you during office hours no matter what. You can tell he really cares about his students and his field of study. Great guy &amp; great class.
3.5 : Dr. Hasan is brilliant! His teaching style is very simple but extremely effective. If you go to class and pay attention to his lessons/powerpoint slides you will learn a lot and do just fine. He genuinely cares about his students and is more than willing to help anyone in need. I would highly recommend taking his class, you'll be glad you did!
5.0 : Dr. Hasan was an amazing professor. He was always willing to help his students out in office hours to go over tests and concepts. He is also very generous when it comes to grading; he curves the grades for the class so that most people do well in it. If you take notes, attend all lectures, and review his model exams, you should do well.
1.0 : I was thoroughly disappointed with this class.I rarely take academic classes so when I do I choose classes that I am interested in.The first month nothing was covered except for the syllabus.I didn't gain anything from being in class.  little of the exam material was covered in class/practice exams.I would never recommend anyone to take this class.
2.0 : This class is a joke but if you need it for an elective it's worth it because it's an easy A. His lectures are hard to understand and I didn't learn anything. I barely attended class until I found out he started taking attendance for extra credit. I did absolutely terrible on the tests but he curves like crazy. Don't take him if you want to learn.
4.0 : He is very kind, very generous, and really wants his students to succeed. My only complaint is that he should be a little more forceful, so that other students will quiet down faster.
4.5 : Dr. Hasan is so funny in lectures and actually makes taking a science GenEd worth it. I definitely recommend taking him if you aren't too great because he really explains things well. He is a really down to Earth professor that will go the extra mile in office hours to make sure his students understand the material.
4.0 : super intelligent guy. you can tell he loves his job. i really liked his class
4.0 : If you need an elective, this is the class to take. He cares about teaching a lot and wants each student to learn the material and not to worry about the grades. Generous curving is a given.
5.0 : Hasan is the best professor I have ever met!!! he is really a funny and friendly guy. always give me great feedback and pretty helpful when I have questions. Not many tests, and all are very essay.  ESAY A !!! and NO ASSIGNMENT!!! NO NEED BOOK!!BAnd if you have any questions about what u learned in this class, just turn to professor Hasan!
3.5 : Hasan is a great professor. He is pretty funny and cracks a good number of jokes. Got an A- without the book.  Attendance wasn't mandatory, but he started "taking attendance" later in the semester. The few tests he has are fairly easy. He posts practice tests that are very similar to the actual tests. He wants you to succeed
4.5 : Good and helpful professor. He wanted all the students to attend his lectures and ask us to bring our friends to enjoy this course
3.5 : He assigned roughly seven books and actively avoided talking about them.  On four occasions we had to go around the room and talk about our papers, which may have been helpful for individuals it was not helpful for the class.  His feedback was non-existent like "include a citation."  It was a theory class but we almost never applied the theory.
5.0 : Knowledgeable, passionate, approachable, excellent lecturer.. truly a diamond in the rough that is the Temple Soc Dept.
4.0 : Sociology of popular culture is a really interesting class and Kidd has engaging lectures that keep you interested. He takes attendance and there are a significant number of assignments but as long as you follow the guidelines you will do well. You can tell he's really interesting in his work.
5.0 : Professor Kidd is really an amazing professor. He cares for his students and his lectures are both interesting and filled with knowledge. I highly recommend this class!
5.0 : Dr. Kidd was an amazing professor. He cares so much about his students. There are 4 quizzes which he gives you the study guide for, he gives the PDF to the books for the class, there are 4 blog posts, and 3 projects that are not very hard and are really interesting. Highly recommend taking this or any class with Dr. Kidd
5.0 : Aside from attendance being required, this was the easiest course I have ever taken. Every test was open book/open note, the blog post assignments are easy and only need to meet the requirements to get a perfect score, and the content of the course is easy. Super nice guy.
5.0 : Professor Kidd is truly amazing. He's super down to earth and really cares about his students. He's very understanding and he likes to hear everyone's opinions. The material he teaches is interesting and it's extremely easy to get an A in the class!
5.0 : Loved Dugan. Great man. Wonderful class discussion are real world issues. Exams are challenging! Must study a lot. Can be a tough grader on your weekly case study papers. Barely got an A.
5.0 : Professor Silverman was the best teacher I ever had at Temple. He is an extremely diversified, intelligent and experienced human being. He has a unique approach to teaching and if you are looking for a class to open up your mind and help you see things in a different light, then take this class. If you are close minded, this class is not for you.
5.0 : EVERYBODY NEEDS TO TAKE AT LEAST ONE OF HIS CLASSES. Hands down my favorite prof at Temple. He makes the class so interesting and fun and really makes you think about the deeper issues in our cj system and society. The class is also really easy if you pay attention &amp; the books are pretty interesting too.
5.0 : If anyone tells you he is less then the representation of the ideal professor then they are lying. he does not believe in test, not a ton of work but can learn a lot funny as hell and very interesting. he has every quality you can want and more
5.0 : Awesome professor, one of a kind. Recommend for sure! Just take the notes and make sure you understand the topics. Open book tests majority are multiple choice true/false.
5.0 : I went into the class for the death penalty I came out the class undecided whether I support it. Had us read 3 books. There are assigned and unassigned quizzes so those who have taken him know you need to read; 2 exams--  midterm (he made so hard) and final was a 10 pg paper on if you are for or against cap punishment. TAKE HIM! Ps. He is so funny!
5.0 : Mr. Silverman was by far one of the best professors I've ever had. Not only was he a great help with his class, he also helped me numerous times with my own personal issues outside of class, on his own time. He was more than just a professor to me last year.
4.5 : Professor Silverman was one of the best professors I've ever had! As an attorney himself, he challenges students to think outside the box with real life court cases he's had. Only a midterm, which was open note, and a final is given. The rest of the points are quizzes on assigned books and participation. Awesome professor, really recommend!
5.0 : Very Down to earth individual. Although he may seem liberal he doesn't demonstrate any bias. Be prepared to participate, He is willing to hearing whatever it is you have to say. Exams are open book. Quizzes are easy if you actually read. Very funny guy, makes lectures a breeze.  Overall Favorite Professor!
5.0 : Silverman is AMAZING. I took him for Sex Crimes and he was so inspirational and really opened my eyes to a lot of things. He genuinely cares about the students. We had to read 4 books and there were some pop quizzes on other readings but they are all easy. Only a final paper on what we learned in class. TAKE HIM
5.0 : LOVED HIM! If you ever get a chance to take SIlverman I highly suggest you do. He is an amazing professor and I will be taking more of his classes. He lets you read real court cases and wants you to participate in class to get a better understanding of how the criminal justice system works. He is an amazing professor who everyone should take.
5.0 : He is hilarious. I've taken him for Sex crimes, capital punishment, now Justice in America. I would take him again. Below requirements for Justice in america: (1)  Mid-Term Exam-30% (2)  Final Exam-30% (3)  Attendance and Class Participatio 20% (4) Quizzes 20% - there are four BOOKS you'll read  Antigone, Just Mercy, Fist Stick Knife Gun, Missoula
5.0 : Prof Silverman is one of the best professors at Temple. He made me want to come to every lecture, they were always interesting. He brought real world scenarios into lecture to help better understand the system a little more. He truly cares about his students and the subject he teaches.
5.0 : Prof Silverman is one of my favorite professors at Temple. He made me want to come to every lecture, they were always interesting. He brought real world scenarios into lecture to help better understand the system a little more. He truly cares about his students and the subject he teaches.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've had at Temple so far. His lectures are entertaining, and his job as a defense attorney provides him with great stories to tell. Extremely factual and actually very relatable. TAKE HIM IF YOU HAVE THE CHANCE. He makes the class so that if you show up and participate you will pass. Open note midterm and final!!!
5.0 : This man is as real as a teacher can get. I admire his realness
4.5 : Took this as an elective and it was my favorite class. He makes the class extremely interesting. Quizzes on actually enjoyable books (but you can skim them or look up the summary) and a midterm and final, both open note. Participate to bump up your grade, he loves hearing what you have to say. Don't get the textbook, you don't need it.
3.0 : 1 open note midterm and 1 open note final. easy class, little to no work. u have to read some articles but you really dont have to until he tells u whatll be on the midterm and final. 3-4 quizzes on books u read throughout the semester. graded on a few things which is annoying bc if you mess one thing up your grade is messed up.  must participate.
5.0 : Silverman is the BEST professor I have ever had! TAKE HIM! You won't regret it he's seriously the best!
5.0 : I had the pleasure of being Dan's student back between 2005-2010.  Took his Capital Punishment class; the best class I have ever taken.  I can not say enough about Professor Silverman.  He kept my attention, was fun during his lecture and left a huge impact on me and my career.  I still talk about his class.  Definitely take him!
5.0 : He is amazing, he assigns 3 books for his class A few quizzes on the books and readings he assigns on bb, &amp; 10 pg paper at the end. He is super funny and is so passionate he loves to engage w his students thats #1 he tries to get everyone to participate, if your shy thats fine But he does like to get opinions of students on everything he lectures
5.0 : Professor Silverman is wonderful and extremely understanding of anything you may have going on outside of class as long as you communicate with him. Very funny and interesting.
4.5 : He is an awesome professor and I would love to take class with him again. The books he chooses for his course are interesting and he always keeps you engaged. He also has a sense of humor. Participation counts for credit.
5.0 : He was my overall favorite teacher. I came in a an undeclared freshman, scared and took intro to cj as an exploratory course. I LOVED IT. As a freshman in college, you feel like a 12 year old surrounded by a bunch of successful 25 year olds. Well, he listened to what I had to say and taught me such useful things and made me feel respected.
5.0 : I HIGHLY recommend this guy. Literally the best professor I've had at Temple. He makes class interesting and informational. He's good at what he does. Do everything you can to get into his class.
5.0 : Daniel Silverman is such a great teacher. If you are taking any CJ classes, try to take him at least once and you won't regret it. His class is very interactive which makes the class  interesting and easy to learn. He's great, definitely taking him again for sure!
5.0 : Love Prof Silverman! Midterm and final was open notes and 4 quizzes (10 T/F) from the readings. If you participate, he will like you.
5.0 : Professor Silverman is an amazing professor and person. Even if attendance was not mandatory, I would go to every class. That's how interesting he makes the material. As long as you go to class and take notes, you will pass. There is an open-note midterm and final and easy 4 quizzes on the books required for the class.
4.5 : I took her online for mosaics 1 and she's great. We only had one assignment due per week, and I never read anything in its entirety and pretty much used the Internet for everything and got A's on everything. Make sure you do the voice thread responses and when you do the weekly assignment to add quotes or you'll only get half credit.
4.0 : dont let her 1st day speech intimidate you, this class can be an easy A. you MUST participate at least once every class. skim readings and youll be fine for her reading checks. she makes it seem like she grades hard but in reality she doesnt. shes a very obvious feminist/atheist but your beliefs wont affect your grade. overall good. miss her class
4.0 : Wait until class to buy the books. She can sense BS so please read. Very smart, has high standards, but a reasonable class.
5.0 : Take her class! Her syllabus &amp; 1st class are all business but she's an excellent professor from there on. There is a lot of reading  but she understands that everyone is required to be there so there are a lot of discussions. Expect 3 or more papers (one being a long research one), a few pop in-class responses, and a final. She is the best!
3.0 : If you are looking for an easy A, do not take her.  She is a super nice lady but I had her for mosaics and it was way more work than any of my friends had.  Pop quizzes for the readings and the exam is identify the quote so you actually have to read the books.
3.5 : Her class was indeed one of the easier Mosaics 1 classes, but she is very controlling.  She likes to be in charge at all times, and doesn't like ANY distraction.  Going to class counts, so don't skip. Not a fan, but easy class overall.
4.0 : She is definitely one of the better mosaics teachers.  She lead some engaging discussions which is very hard to do when your on the 5th chapter of Gilgamesh.  She has more pop quizzes and work earlier in the semester and then it tapers off.  There was a good deal of writing but she grades it very nicely.
5.0 : Dr. Peak was a great Mosaic 1 professor, and the material covered was interesting to read. Participation was mandatory and was a reasonable part of the final grade, but she only required you to say one thing per class to get an A. She was clear about what she expected in papers and assignments, and she followed the syllabus and rubrics closely.
5.0 : She is a real gem. I loved taking Mosaic 1 with her and if I could take her for Mosaic 2 I would in a heart beat. She allows students to engage in discussion and can keep the class pretty interesting. Do all that she asks of you and you will get an A
1.0 : Other professors ask students to choose to write paper or take exam for midterm and final, but she require both! A lot of parts make up the final grade, you need to read the context very careful and take notes then discuss in the class, because it also takes a lot of credits If you choose her class, you'd better prepare and stress everyday!!!!!!!!
5.0 : She's very approachable and cares about the material we cover. most consider mosaics to be quite a dull subject, but she makes it a bit more enjoyable. participation is a major part of the grade. attendance isn't graded, but if you're not there, you can't participate so don't skip too much. There's also weekly journal entries and a research paper.
5.0 : Dr. Peak is a true intellectual who expects the best of her students and pushes them to challenge themselves. I signed up for this class thinking I was just going to take it to pass, but I ended up learning more in this class than I did in any of my other classes.
4.0 : Professor Peak is really nice. Attendance is not mandatory but participation is a big part of your grade. There is a lot of reading and weekly journal entries. For the final project, the requirements was not as clear as they could have been but, just think of it as an extended journal entry. Try your best and  you should come out with an A.
5.0 : He was a great teacher. His number one goal was to see you excel. He was extremely fair in his grading, and put the students first. He was also very funny. I wasn't too enthusiastic about the course itself but having him teach it made it all the better.
4.5 : Dr. Zhao is absolutely amazing. He is funny and very nice. His lectures are interesting and his TA is also very helpful.
4.5 : Dr Zhao is great. He incorpates jokes into the lectures. He has high expectations for his data analysis students, but he is there to help you when you ask for it. I learned alot from him in both data analysis and soc of the self.  Sweet, interesting man. Loved him.
5.0 : I took Death &amp; Dying with Marie Dallam when I was at Temple in 2007. I was just reading an article on consciousness and decapitation and had a flashback to one of her lectures, so I decided to log in to this website and give my two cents. She is a wonderful professor. Pay attention, take assignments seriously, and you'll benefit in the long run.
5.0 : I loved attending Dr. Farbers lectures every MW, you can tell he loves what he does and he is very knowledgeable. I had a tough TA for my discussion section which made the class a little harder then it had to be, but Dr. Farber was awesome!
4.5 : Highly recommend! He's very passionate and is a deep thinker. I did end up writing way more for his class than either of the Mosaics, but he gave great feedback.
1.0 : I was a student in "professor Esposito's" class  couple years ago.  He hit on me multiple times making me feel very uncomfortable.  He continually asked me to go drinking with him.  I always said "no." But he was relentless.  This guy is a total creep.  Beware.... you've been warned.
5.0 : Professor Esposito was a very blunt professor and I appreciated that because it helped me improve with my writing. Class was worth going to and cut short a lot. A lot of reading but only 3 papers to write during course. Great Professor, highly recommend.
5.0 : I am currently taking English 802(Analytical Reading &amp; Writing) with Will and could not be more happy that he was the teacher I ended up with. He is very bright and really his lectures are not boring to go to and help a lot when it comes to writing the papers. And we do not have many!
2.0 : Decent professor, if you can take a different freshman seminar it will be more helpful. I learned some, but you'll most likely build a better relationship with a different advisor.
4.0 : Kevin was a good professor. He provided insightful feedback on assignments and welcomed and participated in classroom discussion. There are no textbook, just work that's posted on BB. I would highly recommend him.
4.5 : Awesome teacher, one of  the best  I've ever had for English,  and that is  after  3  years of AP  english classes in HS. Really  fresh approach to teaching  writing, especially  creative  writing.   4  credit creative writing class that  was fun and easy, and counts as an art gen ed. How can you beat that? Cool dude too. Super down to earth.
4.0 : All he does the whole class is yabber on about the texts while asking simple questions to the class ever so often. Read or spark note stuff, know some author background, if you have to write an essay on the text, write down everything he says about it in class. Very chill, loves cough drops, gives extra credit
4.5 : Kevin has a pretty dry sense of humor, but he assigns short and interesting stories to read. There isn't too much work to do, but make sure you do it when it's assigned. Also, 30% of your grade is attendance and participation, so make sure you show up and say something each class.
5.0 : prof varrone is the man! he made a mundane subject pretty enjoyable and even though he assigned a bunch of many readings, they were interesting and pertained to the topic of the class very well. the only downside of his class was that he expected everyone to constantly engage and participate. :/ otherwise, he made class super fun and interesting!
3.5 : Prof. Varrone is funny, cuts to the chase, and knows what he's talking about. He picks out interesting stories to read, but participation and discussion is a huge aspect of the class. He's a tough grader on essays, but lets you rework them and gives some great feedback. If you're looking for an interesting professor to make you think, here he is.
3.0 : He's not a bad guy but the course load is extremely high for a gen ed. There's a million different assignments and it can get overwhelming at times. I worked hard and didnt get an A. If possible take another professor for Creative Acts.
4.0 : Somewhat subjective grader but gives great feedback. Very helpful and considerate. He wants you to do well. His class is a little intense for an art Gen Ed, but it can be rewarding if you work hard. Attendance and participation are very important! His class isn't an easy A, but he makes it more than possible to get an A if you work for it.
5.0 : I would recommend Christopher to any student who is serious about improving their writing skills. He truly cares about his students progress, and is extremely helpful as long as you're willing to put in the work. You get the grade you deserve in the class and nothing else. Make sure you take extensive notes in the short readings you're assigned.
4.5 : Great professor. Really tough grader but I learned a lot from him. He's very relatable and helps you connect to the lesson. Don't skip class because you will fall behind and not pass. Overall, great dude.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor. Very clear, caring, understanding and intelligent. If you have to take English 802 I highly suggest you take Christopher!
5.0 : Christopher is an amazing teacher. This has to be the best class I have ever taken at Temple. He is a tough grader, but very fair. If you work hard, participate, and show improvement, you'll get a good grade. Very funny guy who definitely cares about you. He gives like, 2 pages of useful feedback for every single writing prompt and story.
4.5 : Super helpful. Really want you succeed. Passionate at writing and teaching. Cool dude who makes the class very enjoyable. Temple made a huge mistake letting him go.
4.5 : This was my favorite class at Temple so far. I took Professor Rothschild my first semester freshman year and really had such a great learning experience. He is by far one of the best teachers I've ever had!!!
5.0 : Outstanding. Do NOT miss an opportunity to take a class with this teacher. Lots of in-class support, very engaging, devoted to his students' success, especially in writing skills. It's an honor to sit in his classroom.
4.0 : Christopher is dedicated to making all his students better writers. Make sure you always go into conferences with a list of problemsconcerns about your papers. Also he loves when he classes ask questions, so don't be afraid to speak up. Overall he's seriously a caring teacher who wants to see you succeed but he's not easy. Just try your best.
4.5 : The comment before this is dead on. He is a great guy, very polite and nice, but does not push at all. Good course if you are brand new to marketing, in general. Or if it's your last semester, haha. Attendance wasn't really mandatory. I'm expecting an A. The information was very interesting.
5.0 : Great professor, went out of her way to help me out when I was going through a tough time. Don't go in thinking that because it's a humor class it's all fun and games, you will have to work and show up. I learned a lot about myself as a writer, the class really gives you the freedom to write creatively and hone your skills. Highly reccomend.
4.0 : Bones is alright. We had an assignment due EVERY week, and we worked on them in class, so GO TO CLASS or you will fail. Humor is very subjective, so if your humor doesn't align with hers, it might be a little difficult to please her. She's a fair grader for the most part, but a little annoying. Tends to be a little condescending sometimes.
5.0 : Foster is the man, that is all you need to know.
5.0 : Foster makes class very entertaining &amp; funny. There's a sign-in sheet. Must take notes because he will only tell you the 3 essay questions or topics the day before a test but he reviews. Pretty sure the TA graded our exams &amp; he seemed to take points for not including little details which was annoying.. Otherwise I could've had an A, pretty easy tho
4.5 : He is extremely knowledgeable, he just talks and you listen. If you can write a few paragraphs for the essays you'll be fine. He's very laid back, and funny.
4.5 : Foster is the man, he always keeps his lectures interesting and has a wealth of knowledge. His tests are straight forward just pay attention to his lectures or find the content on the internet if you miss class. Foster is one of my favorite professors here at Temple!
5.0 : Love him! I really enjoyed his class. He makes his lectures interesting to the point where I actually want to attend class. He's funny and super chill. His lectures are basically like story-telling so you have to actively take notes. His tests are pretty easy and he usually tells you what's going to be on it.
5.0 : Today was my first day of class with him and I already know it'll be an excellent semester. He basically came out and said that if you participate occasionally in class you will be guaranteed an A. He's a really cool and funny guy and would totally recommend.
2.5 : Class seemed enjoyable, funny, and not too much reading or writing.  We had 4 papers throughout the semester, but received NO feedback on anything we handed in at all. Then he just posted a final semester grade, hinting that we would all get A's if we participated and handed everything in. Yet, I got a B minus.
5.0 : He's THE best professor to take for IH. Really funny and creates such a comfortable environment. I took it as an 8 am and didn't really regret it cause he's the best. Don't really have to read to be apart of the discussion. Highly recommend him. Attendance is for credit but he never really takes it
4.0 : Must participate in class and turn in limited assignments. Such a sweetheart!
3.5 : Foster is funny. His lectures are him standing and talking, but it's usually got funny anecdotes/stories interspersed so it's not boring at all. Take notes, tests are essay format and there are three of them.
3.5 : Your grade is based on participation and completion of a few short papers. He hates the required texts just as much as students. Class discussions are actually interesting.
5.0 : Easiest class I've ever taken. Foster couldn't care less about the material, but he cares a lot about his students. You'll spend more time discussing ethical dilemmas and listening to his random anecdotes than you'll spend discussing the books, but I still got a lot out of the class. Would recommend to anyone
4.5 : Took him for History of Philadelphia, and it was pretty easy and still interesting even though I'm not a history major. Your only grades are 3 essay exams, and he tells you the questions and answers the day before the exam. He takes attendance, but you have to go anyways because there's no textbook or powerpoints. He's really funny and nice!
5.0 : Joe is the man. He is one of the most humble, funny, and laid back professors at Temple. In fact, I am taking him again next semester for an elective requirement class, just because I like him that much. If you want to learn (more about life then the assigned Mosaics books), and want a class that is a fairly easy A, take Joe.
4.5 : Lectures often include fun history-related stories. This guy is really knowledgeable, but what makes the class kind of rough is that the grade is decided by 3 essay style tests-nothing else. He'll tell you exactly what to study, but if you really struggle on tests it'll probably stress you out.
1.0 : He is a nice guy, but he didn't grade us his TA graded us. For that reason I got a C+ in the class. I attended ever class because you have to sign in. The professor is a heavy lecturer so lots of note taking, and the tests were hard. They were written exams, with 2 questions. So you get one wrong, basically you fail the exam.  Dont take the class!
5.0 : Great guy. Very clear, knowledgeable, and friendly. I highly recommend taking the class. No homework besides readings and he tells you what is important in them for blue book tests. Great class.
5.0 : A funny, intelligent man and fantastic professor. Grade is based entirely on 3-4 short papers graded on completion and participation. If he's not in the mood to discuss a reading, he'll just have the class share their take on some interesting hypothetical scenarios ( "moral dilemmas"). You'd have to screw up pretty badly to finish without an A.
5.0 : Joe Foster is the man. He knew everyone was there because its required and tried to make the class as interesting as possible. Just four one page papers. You're golden with this guy.
4.5 : Foster is the best Mosaics professor out there. He is REAL. He knows that we don't want to read the assigned books for IH. He always goes off topic and we have discussions about college problems and it's hilarious, but at the same time gets you thinking. You can just skim some of the books here and there. Take him!!
5.0 : If you show up you will get an A.
5.0 : Had him for American Revolutions. Easy A! His lectures are interesting. The whole class was engaged in the discussions. There were little assignments that were easy. The tests were take home too. Absolutely recommend him!
5.0 : Foster is AMAZING! I absolutely love his class. He is so hilarious and makes the information simple and rememberable. There are no power points and he mainly just lectures, but he makes it so interesting with funny stories and quips. There are only 4 exams, and he tells you exactly what's going to be on them the class before.
5.0 : Seriously, Dr Foster is the man. Just a cool, laid back guy who loves to talk about history. You learn a lot of good material in class plus a bunch of funny side stories that he knows for whatever reason. He knows his stuff. He isn't out to get you and makes sure everyone passes the class, he respects the fact that you have a life and other classes
5.0 : I had him for Founding Philadelphia Spring 2015 and he was hilarious. Just make sure to take notes during his lectures because there are no slides, but he makes them all so interesting you'll pay attention. Take him if you can!
4.5 : This professor was the best teacher to take for Mosaics. Only 4 short papers and participation. He really creates a comfortable classroom where you actually want to participate and learn. He is a great guy and I have learned a lot from him. He really wants you to do well and I HIGHLY recommend him!
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER! He understands that mosaics is a requirement class and barely gives work. just 3 papers, topics being super easy. there are many days where we don't talk about the book and just talk about random stuff. he lets us leave early. Funniest professor ever!! Don't miss your shot of getting an easy A in class like this!
4.5 : Dr. Foster is the MAN! He makes hour-long lectures endurable. He is funny and although he goes off tangent with his spontaneous anecdotes, he somehow miraculously manages to make the story relevant to the lecture. Maybe that was the purpose of them... Genius. Take his class and you won't want to skip.
5.0 : Lecture based GenEd. 4 tests in the blue book. Tests are easy and only 3 essay questions, which he will go over the day before the test. All the notes are posted by the TA on blackboard, but go to class and pay attention.
3.0 : Doesn't use powerpoint. Hard to keep up with notes by just listening to him. He tells you whats on the test a little beforehand but unless you have good notes that you can get from someone. You'll prob end up getting a C on the test, rarely a B. Wouldn't recommend.
5.0 : If you do not experience a Joseph Foster class while at Temple University, I feel sorry for you, truly. Do yourself a favor and take this professor, you'll thank me for it!
4.5 : 4 exams, 3 questions.  To get an A you need to attend. Bring your laptoptablet and take notes on his lectures.  You will be more than prepared this way.  He will make it SO OBVIOUS when he's talking about a topic that will be on the exam. He touches his nose and will repeat his statements.  Loved his class &amp; taking again next semester.
1.0 : Worst class ever, he is a heavy lecturer and he gets off topic. He doesn't write on the board he doesn't give out any papers he just talks. He doesn't even give us a review for the test. For the test he gives two essay questions that are super hard. You have to read 50 pg articles for the test. He only grades you on the 4 tests he gives.
4.0 : Leave it to Joe Foster to make Intellectual Heritage enjoyable. He's sarcastic, funny,  and tells interesting "true" stories. He's also incredibly intelligent &amp; keeps you engaged in the class discussions. Do not take Mosaics II with any other professor!!!
4.0 : Prof. Foster is a good guy - taking him again for another class in the Spring! He's funny and is straightforward/honest while teaching. However, he doesn't use powerpoints during lecture, just speaks the whole time, which makes it difficult to miss a class or to study later on. If your notes are inaccurate, there's nothing else to reference.
4.0 : I had him for lab and he is very helpful and quite funny. His quizzes are easy (I legit would like at the material for 10 min max). And make sure you do not wait till the last minute to finish your website. He is really open to helping you out.
5.0 : He's definitely a character. Treats the class like you're 5 year olds but has a great personality and explains concepts clearly. Show up, pay attention, do what he asks, and you'll get an A. Great lab instructor, would take again in a heartbeat.
4.0 : She really wants people to do well and cares about her students. Great teacher. Beware of ur printing money going down the drain bc the readings r pretty long but the reading she assigns everyday is manageable No tests, just two quizzes on the syllabus and ur classmate's names. The 3 papers are a majority of ur grade so make it count
4.5 : Kathy is one of the few professors who really cares about her students. She always is understanding and will always do what she can to help you succeed. Kathy is always smiling and seems to really love her job. Very intelligent and interesting. Would recommend highly!!
4.0 : She is an awesome lady! So sweet and funny! I took YA Lit with her. It was an interesting class, and we read a good selection of books. If you put forth effort, you should be fine!
5.0 : Gives quizzes sometimes, but overall very great teacher. I had no trouble getting an A just do the readings and show up. She gives good feedback and is there to help.
5.0 : She's absolutely amazing, has a great personality and a wonderful way of teaching. She's a fair grader and discussion heavy and likes pop quizzes, but her class isn't difficult at all. She creates a really awesome learning environment and I'd definitely rec taking her )
5.0 : Dr. Houff is a really great professor! She loves to tell anecdotes and does not mind if her students joke around with her either. She truly cares about her students and is very helpful in conferences. She is always smiling and really is just an all around caring, helpful, and kind professor!
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Houff is a wonderful woman. Her feedback on papers is constructive, and she's not threatening at all. I had her for YA Lit, and you do need to read everything, but none of the work feels daunting. I would love taking this professor again, and everyone should try to take a class with her. Absolutely no issues.
4.0 : Dr. Houff is a really good teacher. She's super helpful and nice. There's 3 papers, journals, and sometimes reading quizzes which aren't hard. You should go to class, its small so shell notice. I would recommend her for sure.
5.0 : Great teacher. Always smiling. Has an awesome southern accent that automatically makes you happy! Has a daughter in high school, so she can really understand us. Tries to let our classes get to know each other better. LOVE HER!
4.0 : This year Professor Houff followed the campus-wide curriculum which means there is a reading to do for every class, but it also means you can get into some good discussion with your classmates. You write 3 papers for this class and are constantly redrafting them which will make you a better writer. Kathy is like a mom, and cares about you, too.
5.0 : My favorite professor at Temple so far. Very nice aura. No exams, just short papers. She wasn't a tough grader either. U have to pay attention to things she says in class to put in your paper. Sometimes she ask questions to be answered in a paragraph form but she answers the questions in class anyways. pay attention. take her!
2.0 : She's a pretty terrible professor. Straight up told my class "I don't want you to have two weekends to work on the paper." This is a GenEd too. She also gave confusing, unclear prompts. Participation is big, to the point where she randomly calls on people in class. Also has failed to post the final grade before Temple's deadline, so that's cool.
5.0 : If you ever get the chance to have Brad for any English course, take him as soon as you see there are seats available. He's such a great professor who is up to date with what his students are engaging in, especially be the media, so his lectures aren't just off of a PowerPoint, he intertwines modern context to Literature, making it less painful!
5.0 : Professor Windhauser was a great professor. I learned a lot in his class and greatly improved my writing over the course. He expects the usual from a student; complete assignments, attend class and do readings. If you do this you will do fine, he is a great teacher with a good sense of humor.
5.0 : Brad was a really good English professor. In the first few weeks, he comes off as a strict professor, but it's only because he wants you to actually try in his class. The material was pretty simple, with quizzes every week. He definitely appreciates it if you go to his office hours and show that you want to work hard for you grade. Would recommend.
4.5 : Windhauser was an awesome Professor for 0701 and 0802. If you have problems with writing he is the definitely the go to guy. Not an easy A, just do all your work and see him for office hours. Even if you think your essays are the BOMB. "There's always room for improvement."
3.0 : I'm taking this class to fill a gen. ed. and he's treating it like it's everyone's major. If you don't talk in class he'll grade you poorly. He makes it seem like he doesn't expect a lot, but harshly grades when you don't go above and beyond. He seems like a cool guy, but he's kind of a lousy teacher.
4.0 : Brad is a good guy. He comes over super strict in the beginning and I was not sure what to think of him, but I overall do enjoy going to the class. He has an amazing take on teaching. We read a fabulous book called the Devil in the White City which I probably would have enjoyed reading outside of class. He is hilarious too, which makes things great
4.0 : Brad is a really cool professor with a lot of good insight when it comes to your writing. He does not overload with homework but there is a good amount of reading and three essays you have to do. He is a tough grader though because he always wants you to do your best work.
5.0 : Professor Caplin is an extremely knowledgeable professor who is committed to bringing the best out of her students. She made journalism productive and fun. It was the best class I have taken so far, and I would definitely take future classes with her. Amazing professor! Highly recommend!
5.0 : Prof Sheeran has been in the broadcasting business over 30 years. He's old so you would think he might be tough on the younger generation but he's extremely cool and loves his students. We even got him to do a broadcast for us and it was pretty funny. I would definitely recommend him to all journalism students.
5.0 : Really nice guy. Ridiculously easy, especially if you've already taken AP Environmental Science. Answers to all the homework and online tests are right in the super-thorough lecture notes he posts on Blackboard. Unless you flat-out skip doing the assignments, you'll get nearly 100% -- and I'm not exaggerating.
1.0 : If you are International student, never take this Professor's course. I think he racist. And he will give you VERY low final grade that you never expect.
5.0 : As a music major, I was not looking forward to taking a science GenEd but Leonard Bernstein made it worth it! He is an amazing teacher AND person. He shares life advice in addition to his vast knowledge of the environmental world. Having had a long and successful career as an engineer, Prof. Bernstein brings enthusiasm and intelligence to the class
5.0 : If you need a science GenEd then TAKE HIM!!!! He is the nicest professor I have ever met and he truly cares about all his students. There probably are not enough words to describe how awesome he is. He understands that almost everyone that takes the class is not a science major so he is extremely laid back back.
5.0 : Easiest Science and Tech Gen-Ed ever! Take him for The Environment. Everything is online and the final is optional. Homework and Tests are on Blackboard and you can easily find answers for them.  2 Labs &amp; 1 Final Debate, easy grader on those too. Gives a lot of extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : Such as easy class as long as you do the work. Two midterms and a final exam. Both midterms are online and the final is optional. Just search for the midterm questions online, since all of them are online. That's why I got 100% in both of them. Two time consuming lab reports. Weekly easy homework. Three easy News Commentary. In general easy A
5.0 : Bernstein is who you wish your grandpa was. He makes dad jokes and simplifies things. He is an EXTREMELY easy teacher as long as you go to class. All his material is online and quiz answers can be quickly googled. He really cares about his class and is sweet as can be.
5.0 : Professor Bernstein is the best professor I have ever had! He loves what he does and  wants his students to succeed. He's a jokester! As long as you show up for class and complete all of your assignments, you will do fine. If you get the opportunity, take him because you will NOT regret it!
5.0 : Prof. Bernstein is the GOAT! Lectures can get boring but he tries to keep them interesting. He understands this class is required to fulfill a GenEd so he makes the final optional so we can focus on our major related classes. Extremely clear grading criteria. TEMPLE, DO NOT GET RID OF BERNSTEIN, HE'S A KEEPER FOR SURE!!!
5.0 : He was so great! I dreaded taking my science gened but really lucked out with him. His lectures are fairly interesting and he is very clear about what he wants. Tests, quizzes, homework is all online so they are super easy. Take him for an easy science gened!
5.0 : Honestly I never fill these out, but I had too for Professor Bernstein. Dude is the nicest man ever, just show up to class and TRY to participate. I had an A- because I was being lazy and he bumped me up to an A just because I attempted the final.
5.0 : Mr. Bernstein is the best professor I've had at Temple yet. He's an absolute sweetheart and wants you to do well. Exams are online so there's no reason why you shouldn't do well; the answers are on Google. As long as you keep up with your homework and news articles you should be fine!
5.0 : I love love love Professor Bernstein. He's well-educated on the subject, cares about the students a lot, does his best to make incredibly dry material engaging, and his class was super easy. All exams and homeworks were online (and the answers were online), with the exception of two easy labs and a couple one page writing assignments. Take this!!
4.0 : He posts his lecture notes and power points online. All homework and exams are online. There are debates at the end of the semester. One of the easiest classes I've ever taken.
4.0 : The easiest GenEd you will ever take. Professor Bernstein posts everything to Blackboard. The textbook is not needed. Homework and tests are online. There are two labs that are super easy and a group debate. He made the final optional for our class. I think you had to try to fail this class.
5.0 : Head of the environment department and a really nice guy. He made the class worth going to and the assignments were extremely easy. I took this class as an elective and I'm glad I did. His quizzes are take home and his tests are extremely easy. Only project there is a debate at the end of the semester which is easy and a must do! Attendance counts!
5.0 : Prof Bernstein is a great guy and very knowledgeable about his subject. He graduated from UPenn and worked as an engineer for 30 years. He knows we aren't majoring in his subject and feels that he therefore shouldn't make the class too difficult for us. I found him very likable and friendly, and you should definitely take him.
4.5 : Bernstein is a great professor. As long as you put in a little effort, you'll do fine. He's totally willing to help you out too if you need it. Just make sure that you pay attention to due dates and don't skip any of the debates! That's what got me in the end.
4.0 : You can tell prof. Bernstein really cares about The Environment. He knows it is important to learn about, yet instructs it in a way that is very manageable for a GenEd. He got a little behind at the end and that caused multiple deadlines at once. You just can't be lazy. As long as all work is submitted and you show up for class you should get an A.
5.0 : TAKE HIM FOR AN EASY SCIENCE GEN ED! Everything he says in class is in "lecture notes" online, basically a script. Makes his final optional cuz he knows most of us are taking this as a gen ed &amp; are not majoring in the subject, said he wants us to focus on our classes for our major more. He's a sweet old Jewish man from Long Island, he's the best!
2.0 : This winter course was tough! (and I'm a deans list student) The "professor" didn't teach. He doesnt even talk to you. We basically read the textbook and wrote essays on every chapter. No communication from him on grades or feedback at all. Be ready to write essays every night. Really hated how he made us submit by 7pm- people work, ya know. Hes ok
5.0 : He is awesome! He truly cares for his students and is willing to help them.  This is also one of the best classes I took at Temple so I recommend everyone to take it. Learned a great deal and better prepared for life after temple
5.0 : Mr. Heller was great with grading assignments. I took his class online and was able to work at my own pace and complete the Summer 2 session in 34 weeks versus the regular 5 week schedule as he allows you to turn in assignments early. There is definitely a lot of work to be completed in this class but if you take the time you will easily pass.
5.0 : Mr. Heller truly cares about his students' wellbeing and future. There are a lot of guest speakers and he requires you to write a paragraph critique on each person that came in, but it's very easy and reflective. There are a few longer papers and a group project. Mr. Heller's course is very useful and truly prepares you for the future.
5.0 : She is an excellent social work policy professor. If you actually enjoy learning and want to improve your knowledge in this area and of government work I highly recommend her. She is extremely intelligent and passionate about this work. She is helpful and encourages questions and participation. I have taken her twice now and have loved each class!
1.0 : Professor Schofield is an ok teacher, she is not clear on what she expects for the assignments that she assigns. The class was so boring I dreaded to attend this class. She also doesn't go by her syllabus be prepared for it to change without your knowledge.  She also has outbursts in class if u question her grading. If u don't have to take her dont
1.0 : Professor Schofield is an ok teacher, she is not clear on what she expects for the assignments that she assigns. The class was so boring I dreaded to attend this class. She also doesn't go by her syllabus be prepared for it to change without your knowledge.   If u don't have to take her dont
3.5 : Dr. Schofield is great compared to some other professors in the graduate social work department. She knows her stuff &amp; her papers are not very hard. If you do the work &amp; participate in class you will do well. She is not an overly critical grader either. On top of that her personality is friendly &amp; warm, so there is no pressure in her classroom.
2.5 : Dr. Schofield is an ok teacher if you can tolerate her monotone voice at 8am in the morning than this class is for you. i will not take her for policy II for the reason of not being knowledgeable about the syllabus. she is very knowledgeable about policy but the information presentation is very boring and sped through.
5.0 : Took her social policy course as an elective and loved it! She is a great woman and very well informed on the course. Only thing that sucks is the the three "quizzes" they are difficult and there in no direction to them you kind of just have to know everything which sucks
3.0 : Not a fan of Dr. Schofield's teaching style. She lectured AT the class and basically read off of a Powerpoint every single week. Her tone is dry and monotone and hard to pay attention to.  Overall, I would not recommend if you are looking for someone to ignite your curiosity and get your brain moving.
5.0 : Major asset to Temple. She brought lectures to life with examples from things she had learned from all over the world. Such a wealth of information and knowledge. I saved articles and papers from her class, and years later still find them valuable. She is also such a beautiful soul- really genuine and passionate about her role as an educator.
5.0 : Best French teacher I have ever had.  She is the kindest person. Really loves what she does and is nice to everyone.  We even played some games to help learn the material. She reviews heavily for the exams to make sure everyone will do well. Up to date text book is used.
5.0 : Madame Spagnoli is incredible! I have taken 2 of her french classes and am very upset that the classes I have to take next semester are no taught by her! She really makes french fun to learn. It is a lot of material but she will help in every  way to make it understandle. Definitely take her if you can!!
5.0 : She's amazing! Such a sweet lady! I'm pretty sure 80% of the class would get an A! we had a lot of tests though - 4 written tests, 2 oral exams and a final. And we have online work for each class. Though, everything's very easy! Take her!!!!
5.0 : She's so sweet and grades generously as long as you put the work in. The class is discussion-based, but she's pretty  understanding if you're shy about speaking in class. She provides great preparation for exams.  Definitely one of the department's best profs!
5.0 : Prof. Spagnoli is fantastic! I absolutely loved her class. She's very approachable and a sweetheart. She'll give you multiple chances to pick your grade up and will actually take the time to help you during her office hours.
4.5 : Spagnoli is such a great French teacher, she definitely knows how to engage her students, and she's such an expert! Honestly, any time that I'm feeling confused, she knows just what to say so that I understand it. Expect HW, but don't worry, it's always reviewed so if you feel like you didn't do so well, she looks over it and has great feedback!
5.0 : Prof. Spagnoli is super nice and a great professor to have as an introduction to French. She'll explain things in French so you get used to hearing it frequently, but explains the more complicated things in English so you aren't completely lost.
4.5 : I really like her. It helps having a French teacher who speaks PERFECT English! She knows when to speak in French and when to speak in English. Helpful at clarifying all the conjugations that are taught in French 3. Not hard on the eyes ;)
4.0 : Spagnoli is extremely kind and fun. She goes over everything for the tests and is not hard on grading. There is homework on quia as well as written hw for every class, but it helps learn the material. The day before the test she will go over everything on the tests. The oral exams were easy as well. There was never a day she was in a bad mood
5.0 : The best educator I've ever had. He's an amazing, helpful, and inspiring professor. His class isn't an easy A, and he calls on people randomly by name (with a focus on the people who aren't paying attention), so you'll need to be prepared 100% of the time. If you just want an easy class, avoid him. If you actually care and want to learn, take him.
4.0 : I have a love/hate relationship w/this professor. He is very passionate about law &amp; helping us succeed. However, he randomly calls on people in class &amp; puts you on blast if you are incorrect. However, he does this to get us to actually do the work &amp; help us succeed. He's a great guy to talk to &amp; has endless stories about his experience as a lawyer.
5.0 : McVeigh is possibly the best professor at Temple that I have had. His class does require a lot of reading and staying on top of work, he is very clear about this from the first day, but if you do the reading and participate you will do well. He is extremely passionate which makes his lectures enthralling. If he taught another class I would take it.
5.0 : Amazing Man! Took him for legal Environment of Business. I strongly suggest taking him. Tests and quizzes are sometimes challenging but if you just watch class capture before tests and you will be good.
5.0 : Professors like John McVeigh are very few and far between. He makes you work for the grade, but I have never learned so much in a class. He is ALWAYS willing to help students. His feedback is perspicuous and he will always help you succeed. I definitely recommend him.
5.0 : There are only 2 quizzes and 2 exams, they are hard and detail oriented. His lectures are exceptional, filled with awesome stories and experiences. Definitely don't miss class, you won't pass. Pay attention, READ, and participate, McVeigh is Temple's gem. Don't miss out on this amazing professor
5.0 : one of the best professors I had at Temple. definitely not an easy class - you will have to put the time and effort in to get the most out of it. but if you are willing to come prepared and actually engage in the lecture it is worth it.
5.0 : I am a transfer student and he is the BEST teacher I've had at TU so far. His enthusiasm and energy is what made me want to come to class. Preparation and participation are key in this class! He wants to see you succeed, but you also need to put in the work. I had problems with my health during his class and he was very accommodating. Great guy.
3.0 : Main problem I had with this professor is how he belittles you if you get something wrong. He expects all students to be proficient in law right from day one, even if they know nothing about it. It is an intro course. He is a tough grader, and there are very few grades. The only graded items are quizzes and exams so if you do poor on them oh well.
4.5 : Professor McVeigh was one of the best teachers I have ever taken at Temple. I have learn more in his class than any other class I have ever taken. You must read the cases he assigns and do the homework or you will be lost. He does call you out in class but it only motivated the students in my class to do the homework! Take him you won't regret it!
2.0 : Be prepared to do a lot of work for this class. McVeigh makes you outline pretty much the entire book which takes a lot of time. Also the test are very confusing and be prepared to memorize a lot of material. Overall he is a very rude professor. Even to the students who put a lot of work in he is mean to. Would not take this professor again.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Must show up to class to understand material. Must do the homework he assigns or he'll make you look like a fool in class. He really cares about his students and wants everyone to get good grades.
5.0 : His class is tough and requires a lot of work and effort but I have learned SO much throughout the semester. He truly cares about his students and wants you to succeed. He's passionate about teaching just as much as he is about law. TAKE HIM. I promise the hard work and tons of reading will 100% be worth it.
4.5 : This class is very difficult and involves a lot of studying. I got an A, but wouldn't recommend this class unless you really love art history. She is very helpful but also demanding of her students.
5.0 : Dr. Jane Evans is a specialist in her field and she is able to incorporate aspects from her personal life into her lectures. The content is very interesting and her lectures are fun. Participation is important, however, there are not any right or wrong answers and she's not intimidating. I highly recommend Dr. Evans.
4.0 : We had to write a total of 13 papers and it wasn't a writing intensive class.  She is very engaged with what she teaches, but the amount with the amount of writing I did, I would never take her again.  She is also a realistic grader, you have to work very hard for a good grade.
5.0 : Amazing person and amazing teacher.  Really looks out for his students and wishes for them all to succeed.
5.0 : Yang is by far one of the best professors, truly wants you to succeed.
5.0 : I've had Yang for several math classes at Temple and I feel pretty confident in saying he is by far one of the best. He gives a fair amount of homework and a quiz every week, but the quiz problems are directly from the homework problems and tests come from the quizzes. He does his best to ensure every student understands the material to succeed.
3.0 : Professor Yang is a great dude, available outside of class. Pretty much your grade is based on the three tests.
3.0 : Dr. Yang is funny and very smart, but doesn't teach well. Pretty much have to teach yourself, especially for the harder stuff. He does examples on the board but doesn't explain concepts all that much. The quizzes every Friday are sometimes very hard, but they aren't worth a lot and the tests are much easier.
5.0 : The class itself is a little bit boring, but Guarnieri is very nice and an easy-grader. He gives a quiz each week and drops the grade of the worst one. He gives a lot of worksheets to do outside of class and counts them as extra credit.
4.0 : He is very helpful but can be confusing at times. I took Elements of Writing, which is basically a grammar class. There will be things you get and things you don't get. I expected this to be an easy class but it is actually difficult sometimes. Pay attention in class and ask for help if you need it. There are weekly quizzes and a midtermfinal
4.0 : Thomas a really nice and is super accessible. His class isn't too hard and he gives extra credit for homework. The only thing is he can be a little confusing when discussing things like pronouns so just ask questions!
4.0 : Professor Guarineri goes over the material thoroughly and is very passionate about what he teaches. He gives good feedback on the tests and goes over the homework most classes. I had to dedicate a good amount of studying time to do well, however if you are someone who is gifted in the grammar department the class should be an easy A.
4.0 : He's such a great little old man! He really cares about his students and their success in the class. This is a very practical course and you'll learn a lot of important stuff. One homework and one quiz each week, no papers. Notes are taken through non-graded, old-fashioned, in-class worksheets that we can take home to study. Also a quick grader!
5.0 : Such a nice person! As a teacher, she really knows her stuff and she values your own thoughts as opposed to just those of the authors and the critics. The journal assignments are a lot of work, but there are no wrong answers if you put quality thought into them. If you don't participate, class will be boring, so try to speak up when you can.
5.0 : Professor Iwata is the sweetest and most thoughtful teacher I have had. She listens to what everyone has to say without criticism or judgement. This is the first class that I have had that I feel totally comfortable to participate. Some advice I would give is to participate often to form a good relationship her early on (you'll likely get As).
5.0 : She is amazing, kind and helpful. The grades will be fine as long as you show up every class and do the assignments. Take her!
5.0 : She's hard not to like as both a professor and person! There are really no wrong answers in discussions and writing assignments as long you put thought into your contributions. Projects are not bad at all. The class can get boring if you don't participate simply because some people want to talk the whole time. Overall, awesome choice for Mosaics!
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher who really cares about her students! The class is completely participation based but she won't grind your gears about it - talking just makes it more fun! The journals she assigns are super easy: you only need to do a 1 page analysis and she grades very lightly. She is really such a kind person- I recommend her to everyone
4.0 : She expects you to do a lot of written work and analyzing of the assigned texts which is somewhat tedious other than that she's really nice and you can tell she really cares about her students.
1.5 : Intense college level reading, reading notes due everyday of class along with weekly blogs on readings. She is a relatively easy grader, but there are so few grades if you do poorly on one you are probably not going to do well in the class. Personally, I didn't enjoy her class although I have to say she does force you to look at things differently.
5.0 : Jessie rewards in-depth thought, in any direction, very well in her grading. Minimal workload: fill out an index card for nightly reading, journals once a week, and a set of discussion questions and a presentation once a semester. She is very nice and open to differing viewpoints. Easy A if you use analysis instead of summary in your work.
5.0 : Prof. Jessie is a sweet lady, she's always there for you. You have to do a lot of assignments but it's not that hard. You have to do blogs pretty much every week. There is also a small extra credit opportunity. Attendance is Mandatory! I personally enjoyed her class, especially the reflection papers after each assignment. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Jessie is the BEST: caring, knowledgeable, and so sweet. Rewards creativity and original thought. Always willing to help, very accessible outside of class. Fair grader: we even decided our own participation grades! Very passionate about subject matter and course texts. Best professor I've had so far at Temple, hands down. Take her!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've ever had. I am now majoring in economics thanks to him!
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR. Take him if you have the chance. Wish he taught more classes at temple because I would take him every chance I got.
5.0 : Luke is absolute a great professor. He explain things very clear, and he make the class very interesting. This class is one of my best class. Choose Him!
5.0 : Best Professor ever, thanks for this whole year!
5.0 : Amazing and inspirational teacher, got me interested in economics, if I major in it it's because of Professor Tilley.  Work is straightforward and he's got a great attitude, both in his teaching and demeanor.  Treats everyone like an adult and makes econ fun.  Wish he taught on campus upper level so I could take him again.
4.5 : Prof. Tilley was the best prof i had at Temple! I took econ 4 times once at a prior university and this was my 3rd time at Temple! they say 3rd times a charm well it really was! I passed his class with an A- Take him you wont regret it! Home works are easy and exams are easy as long as you attend class and review notes you'll be fine!
5.0 : Debra is the best prof at Temple, I took her for IH I and II and she is an absolute gem. She said I was on track to get an A this semester which I got an A last semester. Her class is MAINLY discussion and attendance is mandatory. There is no quizzes except one 10 page paper at the end of the semester which is IH 2. IH 1 is about 7-8 page paper.
3.0 : I enjoyed her class. She's a pretty laid back teacher and doesn't sugar coat her opinions of problems in society. I respect her as a professor but that's all there really is. I would recommend taking her but its not an easy A (as she makes that clear).
4.5 : Dr. Altimore assigns a lot of reading, but it's not that bad. His tests can be difficult, put as long as you do the readings and take some notes in class you'll do well! Make sure to participate in class discussions because he said that if he knows you know what you're talking about, he won't punish you if you don't do well on an exam!
5.0 : Possibly the best prof I've had. Very interesting material in the class. As long as you read the books and come to class regularly, you're almost guaranteed an A.
5.0 : Great great great guy. Workload is small and he really cares about his students. Loves participation. If you participate even moderately and share in his enthusiasm he will reward you. He picks easy/relatable material as well. Take him.
5.0 : .Great great great guy. Workload is small and he really cares about his students. Loves participation. If you participate even moderately and share in his enthusiasm he will reward you. He picks easy/relatable material as well. Take him
5.0 : Most amazing professor I have ever had. He really makes you think and it made me excited to go to class each day. I would take all of his classes if I could. He definitely looks for great writing skills and his tests are entirely essays and short answers. He is so understanding, kind, and amazing at what he does. Most definitely would recommend
4.0 : Participation is key especially if you are not a good test taker. Keep on top with the readings because if you fall behind it is tough to catch up. He often spends too much time on a book and then we end up with a lot of reading at the end. His tests are hard to finish and involve a lot of detail.
5.0 : Prof. Altimore has been one of the best professors I have had at Temple. Really nice, always offering help if you need it. The class does have a lot of reading- 6 books which were all pretty long. The tests are kind of hard, but if you read the books you should be fine. If you're trying to learn something, definitely take this class.
4.5 : Dr. Altimore is a great professor who is thoroughly interested in his students. He assigns a lot of books, but they are worthwhile. Although you could get by without reading them. He's funny, &amp; interesting. As long as you attend and show interest you're guaranteed a good grade.
5.0 : Great guy! He creates a good atmosphere for discussion. Participate! The exams are in short essay form. Attend class and read the material and you will do well. He is very approachable.
5.0 : If you ever need to take any elective or major class in CLA, take intro to soc or any other class with Prof. A.  He genuinely loves discussion and teaches in a socratic style (no lesson plans).  There are tests but they're not important as long as he sees you have read the material and can connect the concepts in class.  Don't worry about grades
5.0 : Amazing professor. Gives lots of books but they're actually very interesting. Pay attention and participate if you want a good grade. No lesson plans or tests or lectures. Just three essays throughout the semester. If you show interest and write semi-decent essays, you'll get an A. Don't take a class directly after his though, he tends to run over.
5.0 : He is the best Soc professor I've had at Temple. Class is highly discussion based and as long as you talk some he will make sure you're grade reflects that. The only book you really need to read is the novel first assigned to class and the rest are all just general theory. Highly recommend him he's so knowledgeable and kind.
5.0 : Professor Altimore is absolutely fantastic. He's a great person and a good teacher who wants you to succeed. The class I took (Quantitative Methods in the Social Sciences) was maybe the easiest and most enjoyable math course I have ever taken.
5.0 : Theres a lot of essays. He gives everyone an A- to A+ tho so its an easy A if you just submit the essay. the classes are extremely discussion based and you have to read about 7 non fictions books. its a lot of reading but you can skim most of the time. he's super nice and caring and is very intelligent. he understands his students. Recommend him
5.0 : He makes class super interesting and runs it in a very unusual style. Take good notes and do ALL the readings (there are a lot but the tests are all about testing if you read). 3 exams and an easy group presentation. What I like about him is if you speak in class a lot and know your stuff, it doesn't matter how you test. So make sure you talk!
4.5 : Dr. Ducette is the man!  Great professor and former Dean of the college.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Temple University and a legend in the College of Education. The full-time grad students still gravitate towards him because he knows what he's doing!
4.0 : Great professor.  Simplifies complex topics just enough to allow for easy understanding but still building a good foundation for future learning.   Joe's test items are very representative of the lecture handouts, so no surprises on exam day.
5.0 : Legit the best professor that I have ever had.  He actually makes class interesting, and engaging.  Makes you want to read the texts.  Also, he is very knowledgable on subject matters.  I would take him again in a heart beat.  He isn't super strict, but is respected by his students.  He likes to joke around, making the class fun.
5.0 : He assigns focus questions for all readings (questions are very easy), very few papers, he's a very nice guy who has fun, discussion based lectures. If I had to take mosaics again I would definitely take it with him.
5.0 : He is a PHENOMENAL professor. He is very clear about due dates, expectations, and even sends emails after each class recapping what was discussed. Always there for his students, easy with attendance, only 2 papers, and tons of small VERY easy grades. You never are lost in this class! HIGHLY RECOMMEND (I just came from a horrible Mosaics I prof!)
5.0 : He is a wonderful teacher. Totally understands when you can't make class with a good excuse, or if you cant keep up with assignments. He makes class really fun. He approaches the literature with current topics relating to the text rather than just discussing the readings. He's really engaging and energetic.
5.0 : Most amazing teacher I have ever had. He is so clear on instructions and gives great feedback. I have never learned so much from any other class. I wish he taught all my classes, honestly. 2 essays, 2 short media papers, and some easy hw qts. AMAZING, would recommend to anyone.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor. He connected somewhat boring literature to pop-culture and modern political issues that allows you to have a deeper understanding. He gives simple focus questions for each reading and only assigns 2 essays throughout the semester. He cares more about your comprehension than guidelines and requirements. I highly recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Haviland is hands down the best instructor I've ever had. He makes me want to implement his teaching strategies because I know they work as per his demonstration. He cares about you as individuals, lets you into his life with personal anectdotes, and genuinely wants each of his students to succeed. I will definitely miss being in class with him
5.0 : I love Haviland! Basically, everything below is true! He teaches you some really useful stuff and will help you become a good teacher.
5.0 : Amazing take him as long as you can.
5.0 : Dr. Haviland is the best professor encountered so far. This course teaches you how to teach by implementing course material to teach lessons to the class throughout the semester. His feedback is valuable and lessons had importance to future teachers. He was a principal/ administrator so he brought experience. Take him, you will not be disappointed.
5.0 : Dr. Haviland is without a doubt the best professor I've had in my 4 years at Temple. This class is theory-based and hands-on, and Dr. Haviland makes everything both entertaining and beneficial. He tells you what you actually need to know before going out into the education world, and his advice resonates with me to this day. Really great professor.
5.0 : The Best Professor I Have Ever Had.  Dr. Haviland is the first teacher who really teaches you how to teach.  His class is super laid-back and the tests and essays are super easy.  He is always willing to help.
5.0 : Professor Haviland is the best. If you really want to go into teaching then you want to be his student. He has a whole career of experience and knows what he is talking about. The class was also a breeze. He has two quizzes (easy A if you read the text, maybe even if you don't), and three essays (2 full pages max, double spaced).
5.0 : Dr. Haviland is the best professor I have ever had. He creates a community and invokes a sense of belonging and potential to succeed within his students. He values the student and is extremely helpful and educational. If I could have Dr. Haviland for every class I would take him for each one. Dr. Haviland is highly respected among us education folk
5.0 : Casey is so funny that I write down his one-liners in my class notes. He's a former prosecutor so he gives many examples in class. White Collar Crime grade comes mostly from 3 exams (curved) and the book is a necessity. I'd recommend him for any class, especially if you have any interest in becoming a lawyer or if you enjoy a (dry) sense of humor.
5.0 : Honestly can't go wrong with him. His class isn't a professor throwing a book at you and expecting you to know it inside and out, instead he is more like your friend having conversations with you. It doesn't even feel like learning and his projects are easy and doable plus he's alway helpful in office hours and will break everything down further!
5.0 : Class was pretty chill, just watched movies and discussed them afterwards. Byron is real cool and realizes its a gen ed class so he doesnt pile it on
5.0 : Best film professor at Temple University, cares about your learning and about you as a person. Talks to you like an adult, not a student. Very insightful, always takes time to give you specific notes. Quirky and approachable. No tests, not much note-taking or lectures, mostly script workshopping and talking about movies. Definitely take this class.
4.0 : A little hard to understand but you can figure out what she is saying 99% of the time. No harder than anyone else since the exams are over 80% of your grade and the same across the math department. Nice enough and will entertain any questions to try and help you understand.
4.5 : A little hard to understand but you get used to it. No harder than any other calc prof since exams are standardized for the entire department. Nice lady though, entertains any questions  and tries to help everyone understand the material.
5.0 : Wish she taught Calc II
5.0 : Be prepared to present, read the cases again and again. Exams are take home but make sure you are pay attention. His great experience with life is beneficial to us.
5.0 : David is an inspired educator, mentor, and performer. I learned as much from him about being a good person as I did about being a good actor. I cannot speak highly enough of him. If you are lucky enough to study with him, do it.
5.0 : Great guy. Likes to be called by his first name. I definitely respect the guy and from what I've seen, so do his previous students. His class is a lot of fun and seems to be the highlight of my week every time I walk into that class. Show up, participate, and let loose and you'll have a good time and get an A in the process.
5.0 : David Ingram is the man. I learned more about writing in his class than I have ever learned. He is a fair to easy grader. Super laid back, runs class like an open discussiondebate, and its always interesting. Just a great professor overall.
5.0 : David is a GREAT teacher for Intro Process. Even at 8:00am, he made class entertaining and lively. Really passionate about what he teaches. You get to see about 8 or so shows throughout the semester and have to write about 6 papers, but he gives lots of feedback so it's not difficult to get a good grade. Overall great teacher and guy,
5.0 : Professor Saewitz was AMAZING! She knows what she is talking about and keeps you interested. She's super professional and knows a lot of people in the advertising business. I took two classes of hers: Intro to Media &amp; Society and Intro to Advertising. If you pay attention in class and participate it isn't hard. Loved both classes she taught!
1.0 : Not very helpful, unsupportive and judgmental. Don't expect to get much from her unless you are a favorite in the class. She questioned my intelligence.
4.0 : Everything we learned was current and interesting. She took attendance everyday. Small writing assignments every week. Final was hard to study for.
5.0 : Dana has been one of my favorite professors at Temple so far.  Her enthusiasm and and overall knowledge of life at an ad agency made me more excited and interested in the major than ever before. She answers questions thouroughly and clearly and incorporates interesting videos and hands-on assignments that carried on to many of my other classes.
5.0 : If you read what was assigned, show up to class, and participate every once in a while it's an easy A. Easily one of my favorite professors at Temple. She's an excellent instructor, I'm always excited for class. She's one of the few who actually cares if you're doing well.
5.0 : Dana is the best professor I've had at Temple. She's engaging, helpful, funny, and really intelligent. Definitely take whatever class you can with her.
5.0 : Professor Saewitz is fun, eager to teach, and truly knows how to keep things exciting in the classroom.  With her experience in the industry, you are not only getting introduced to the world of advertising but also how to work in it as well.  She wants her students to succeed and is an advocate for their success.
3.5 : Professor Saewitz is super nice and welcoming. I loved this class because it gave me an opportunity to express my opinions and values in a safe, controlled environment. The subject matter was interesting. She assigns a few short response papers throughout the semester, and there is a final paper OR a group research project at the end. Not that bad.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Very funny and informative. Always there to help students if you're struggling. He gives short answers to complete most weeks, but these are really easy. Tests are all multiple choice. Attendance isn't needed as he mostly goes from the power point, but make sure you go to his recap lecture before the tests - very helpful.
5.0 : One of the best teachers at Temple. Definitely recommend taking one of his classes if you get the chance. Very experienced and inspiring.
5.0 : Really great teacher. Very clear teaching. I feel like I learned a lot without having to cram or study as his lectures really cover everything so well. He's a very nice person as well, very approachable and open to all viewpoints of the class.
4.5 : She is the most amazing teacher, I ever had in my study life. Really helps a lot with everything related to course. Takes a lot of care of the students. A bit strict with the attendance but If anybody wants to learn something, I recommend to take her class.
5.0 : Dr. Kim is very a kind teacher, who is from Asian. She has assignment every week, but not hard, once you finish you will be fine. Her final exam will tell you what is going be, and all the questions you will see. On your essay you can always  ask her questions, and she is the right person to help you writing ,reading, and save your grade.
5.0 : She's amazing. you have homework but trust me it helps a lot later on. her conferences is very helpful. besides that, she also teaches you grammars too.
5.0 : She is the BEST English professor in Temple!!  I couldn't image that a teacher types two pages feedback to hisher students essay assignment, that takes a lot of time. But she did it,and really serious treat it. Amazing professor! Take her, you would not regret.
5.0 : Dr Kim is the best English professor ever! She really likes to help her students. She always gives two pages of comments on how to improve your essay and her conferences are very helpful. Her lectures are very fun and informative. Also based on her lectures, you can see that she is well educated. I really enjoyed her class.
5.0 : She is perfect professor.
5.0 : One of my favorite teacher in Temple! She gives you 2 pages of comments on how to fix your paper. She is always there for you and always want to see you improve. Her lectures are always fun and never boring. This year I felt like my class was a huge family that want to improve our writing skills. Take her for English 812, you won't regret it!
5.0 : I love her! Love her!  Because of her i love Korean even more than before. She help you with your work and also care about each of her students. She explains readings very specifically until everyone understands. She's so organized. Before your 3 paper, she gives out a really helpful diagram for you to use, that just made your life so much easier!!
5.0 : she is very nice and helpful.
5.0 : Kind and open to suggestions. Tough class, but great guy. His smile will ease any fears you have about calculus. All will be well.
5.0 : She is a machine. The lady's knowledge is infinite. It's a relatively easy A for an act sci class, but you'll need to do a lot more of your own work to prepare for the SOA exams compared to Moore.
5.0 : Dr. Krupa is easily one of the best teachers I've ever had. She takes content in a very difficult major of AS and makes it all understandable and clear. She loves class participation and is extremely approachable for any questions one may have, especially for such a smart professor. Wish she could teach all my classes.
5.0 : She is the best professor sent by the heavens. I would like her to teach everything I ever do in life. She responds to emails within 30 minutes all the time and genuinely care about you. She's the best.
5.0 : She is a great professor! there are 5 homework and 3 exams over this course,  quite easy if you do the problems she gives in advance and prepare for the exam. Would definitely recommend to take! Very caring and amazing person!
5.0 : Dr. Viswanathan is by far the best teacher I have ever had in my entire education career. She is open to helping you and is extremely good at explaining even the most obscure problems. Actuarial Science is a very hard major but she makes it easier to understand. I honestly wish she taught all of my classes.
5.0 : Dr. Krupa is superhuman. Her lectures are very fast-paced and very clear. She cares about all of her students and really communicates the material so thoroughly to her students. She responds quickly to any emails, and is always available at her office hours. Bottom line, best professor I've ever had.
5.0 : Dr. Krupa is by far the best professor I've had at Temple. When teaching her explanations are clear and to the point. She is often available and willing to help outside of the class. As chair of the actuarial science department, she knows a lot about the exam process and industry.
5.0 : She is always there for you. Do problem sets and always keep up with her pace. Never hesitate to ask questions because her explanation is satisfying. I never regret taking her classes!
5.0 : Perfect
5.0 : her class is terrific!
4.5 : Dr. Krupa is a wealth of knowledge! Her lectures are really fast-paced so I recommend reading the chapter beforehand. If you don't understand anything, just ask; her explanations are flawless. Do the problem sets and you'll be well prepared for the exams. Great professor!
3.0 : One of the toughest courses I've taken but I've managed to get an A-, great professor but the quizzes were confusing
5.0 : Dr. McBrearty is by far the best physics professor out there. This man is so nice, clear cut on what he wants, and not to mention easy grader. His aim is for you to walk out with an A, if you put in the time for it. Spend 2 days doing book problems, I ended up with 94 on the midterm. only down part: he can't teach really well and only 1 atmp per HW
5.0 : hes da boss man.  he super cool, and has a great personality.  what a boss at life.
4.5 : This man is by far the greatest I've had thus far in any science class here. He loves physics and wants his students to succeed in physics. If you put in the time on homework and book problems then this class is cake. Extremely helpful and very nice. I would take him for any other science class he taught. He's just the best and truly cares bout you
5.0 : Temple's best Phy Prof.  If you want an easy A then go for it. EXAM is multiple choice  DO HW Problem Try to get 100% on Hw Do a Homework in a GROUP
5.0 : Dr. Cannon is the only reason I made it through Chem Lab without dying. He helps you so, so much with the material and I found myself learning what I didn't understand from lecture in lab. He doesn't dawdle, and gets you in and out as quickly as possible. Everyone in my lab section did awesome, and all the other sections were jealous we had him!
5.0 : Cannon is really nice if you pay attention. He clarifies the materials in the lecture too. If you are not sure about anything in the lecture, you can just come and ask him.
5.0 : Kevin is strict if you don't do as you're supposed to. But he always goes over the materials and provides clear instructions if you need him to. He is also willing to help. If you need something, shoot him an email and he will make sure you get it. I feel so sad that I won't have his class anymore.
5.0 : Really great professor. Helped me a lot in chem lab and he's a nice dude.
5.0 : I LOVE HIM and I would take him in a heartbeat! he makes sure u understand, is very clear with his instructions, and goes over everything so you understand exactly what it is you have to do. Tests are a bit challenging, but he prepares you the best he can so you can do well. if you get the chance please take him because you wont regret it.
4.0 : Chris is very helpful if you have a question. Lectures aren't too exciting. There are two groups projects (video &amp; debate) and you also make a website. All of these are easy if you put in the work (which can be a lot at times).
4.0 : Great guy, clear cut in his lectures. It's computer science + lab. 2 group projects and a website that you learn to make. Only 4 homeworks, which are simple blog posts. Tests are worth studying for. Absolutely do not buy the online book, all the powerpoints are on blackboard. Pretty interesting class, doesn't get boring. Lab goes by fast too.
3.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.  Okay professor, but for a Gen. ed this is ridiculous.  This is also not a beginner class, even though it says intro.  You are looking at a LOT of work for this class. Terrible mistake to take it.  I wasn't looking for a walk in the park, but jeeze.
5.0 : He is a rather funny guy. His lecture is really clear and he is willing to help for you to success in his class. CIS lecture is rather average, not easy, not hard. Have to study for exams. (4 exams). However, it comes with a lab and the lab will take up ALL your time. There are a lot of group projects and the projects take forever to do.
4.5 : Biehl is a very good teacher. When you go to the lectures be sure to listen because he WILL give you hints about what may appear on the quizzes or the final. There are 2 group projects which are easy if you don't wait until the last minute, and a final. If you go to lecture and actually listen to him, it is most likely you will get an A.
4.0 : Chrissy B 123 (as my friend and I call him) is a good professor. Lectures are straightforward but pretty boring. He takes attendance in lecture so make sure you go.  The lab section is very easy. You have three projects, which two of them are group. As long as you do the work and study for quizzes, you'll be fine.
5.0 : I love this teacher. Had trouble with my web sites for hours and hours and he fixed them in 3 minutes of office hour. I hate projects but they weren't bad. Take him for CIS.
4.5 : He's a pretty chillin dude.  He has a good dry sense of humor, and will treat you like an adult and not like your beneath him.  He doesn't mind if you call him by his first name which is cool. Constantly reminds you so you shouldn't have a prob passing with at least a B. Go to class a majority of the time and you'll be fine. Group projects only con
3.0 : For a gen-ed this class gave more work than my other required classes. He looks a lot into detail, and gives a lot of work. You will probably have to go to office hours more than once. I honestly would not take a class with this professor again.
4.5 : Biehl is a great professor. Definitely knows his stuff and is very helpful when you have questions. The class is pretty boring, but I would say it's definitely worth it to save you money for the Microsoft test. Beware, there is 2 group projects, both which are not fun.
4.5 : Chris was a great professor. If you need help he's always there and genuinely  wants you to do well in the class. He's very clear with the assignments and it's easy to do them correctly and to receive an A. Do not buy the textbook, you won't need it. This class is no longer required for Fox majors but helps with MIS when you take that.
4.0 : Solid teacher. Provides clear grading criteria. Gives lots of hints and extra credit for the quizzes. Content easy, lots of projects that can be very time consuming. Randomly started taking attendance tho, but otherwise no tangible complaints. If you're taking CIS he's definitely the right teacher.
5.0 : Great professor and has a lot of knowledge about technology. 2 day lecture and third day is lab.
5.0 : Just a good solid teachr
5.0 : Awesome prof. Super easy if you follow what he says which is always outlined in the syllabus and he reminds everyone ALL THE TIME. Really laid back! Take him for CIS
3.5 : He's really laid back. I had him for a big lecture and missed most of the classes and passed with a b+ He just reads off his lecture slides which are all online. Don't buy the book you won't need it. Take him for CIS
4.0 : Class is fairly average. Buying the $112 Ebook is unnecessary because Chris gives awesome and detailed lectures, and although attendance isn't mandatory, you'll be able to know what the quizzes are on. Quizzes aren't hard either, their format is easy to pick up on. The projects aren't horrible, just don't leave them to last minute.
1.0 : after taking this class with Chris I HAD to make an account to let people know not to take this class. I did more work for this GenEd than I do for my major classes. presentation in front of a big lecture, incredibly difficult website project, quizzes, blogs, another group project.  avoid this class when picking your geneds. so many other options
5.0 : Prof. Biehl is a very good teacher. He is fair in his grading and always tells us what is expected in order to receive a good grade. The first day of classes, he went over the syllabus and explained that we could all receive an A without purchasing the textbook. As long as you do what is required, you can get an easy A in this class.
3.0 : Easy science gen ed, Chris Biehl tries his best to make lectures interesting, but they really aren't. Attendance doesn't matter until the debates. A lot of work for a class that isn't major-related for most people.
3.0 : Biehl is a nice guy, but this class is entirely too much work for a gen-ed. 2 group projects, and you have to make your own website. The quizzes are really easy, no tests except for the final. His lectures weren't bad, and if you go to class he gives you things to know on the quizzes.
4.0 : Be prepared to do a lot of work for this class (group projects, blogs, building a website, presentations, etc.) but if you manage your time wisely, it's very manageable. If you attend class, he'll give hints on what the quizzes will cover which makes them much easier. As long as you do the work and study a little, you'll be fine.
4.0 : Professor Biehl is a great choice if you're looking to take a fairly simple science gen-ed. There are only 4 quizzes in his class, he gives out hints for what's on the quizzes in class, two easy group projects and one individual project. For the quizzes just make a quizlet with his hints, definitions, and acronyms, and for the website start early.
4.0 : The class was pretty easy, you don't have to actually go to lecture until he starts taking attendance which isn't until the last 3 weeks of classes. 4 quizzes and a cumulative final, with three projects (2 group and 1 individual). The quizzes are easy as long as you go over the power point slides and study them a little bit.
5.0 : Professor Biehl is awesome! The group projects are annoying, but he is clear with his grading &amp; gives you plenty of time. His lectures are all you need, so do not bother buying the book. Prof. Biehl is very patient, and will always answer your questions! I highly recommend taking his class.
5.0 : Susan was, hands down, my favorite professor during my time at Temple. She cares about her students and her work, is really down to Earth, and is full of copious amounts of wisdom that prove to be helpful in everyday life. The class is enjoyable, and she makes it worth going to. I would take another class with her if I had a chance.
5.0 : SHES THE BEST TEACHER IVE HAD AT TEMPLE THUS FAR!! Her lectures are very interesting and she makes somewhat tough books a breeze to understand. Would totally take her again!! Awesome person
5.0 : Kind woman, cares a lot about her students individually. No tests, a few assignments that are a little long, but if you put in the work it's an easy A. Best professor I had this semester.
4.0 : Bertolino is a good professor, her class is really easy, she hardly assigns anything. That being said, be expected to be treated like a fourth grader. She forces you to participate and gets annoyed when people get up to go to the bathroom. Mosaics is boring no matter what, so take her if you can.
4.5 : Classes are not very structured, doesn't follow syllabus. Class participation is key here and we have a lot of group discussions. Very little work to do outside of class and she grades fairly but slowly. She does get distracted easily and if she feels we didn't learn enough the pace slows down even more. She is quirky and understanding.
4.5 : Great person. She's blunt, and says what is on her mind. She calls on people. She likes class participation and group work, instead of tons of papers. Focuses on reading, doesn't like people to use phones, but allows computers and tablets. She had surgery in fall so she was in pain, and very nice to people who had personal stuff, like me.
5.0 : Professor Bertolino has a way of connecting the class discussions to your everyday life. It makes understanding the material easier. She is funny,  blunt but not rude,  and will always help you out if you need it. She always explains all the the work that she assigns thoroughly. She is overall awesome! Would definitely take her again.
5.0 : I LOVE THIS WOMAN. She is absolutely wonderful, super understanding &amp; does everything she can to make her class relevant &amp; interesting. As long as you read &amp; do your work (assignments only due Monday &amp; Friday) you will get an A &amp; probably even enjoy it. Very cute &amp; granola-y (if you know what I mean). Integrates meditation into class which is cool.
5.0 : Great teacher, very helpful, makes class enjoyable. She understand that not every one learns the same way and will come up with different projects for each book to fit the need of different students.
5.0 : This is the best professor I have ever sat under in my school life. Any student (s) who complain about her has their personal with her, not her teaching ethics.
5.0 : Mrs Bertolino is the best rofessor I ever had for Mosaics II. She is a really nice person that really takes care of her student. She is a very open minded person. She always brings candies and chocolate to the class. :-)   Mrs Bertolino is must have professor.  I hope you'll meet one day her puppet sheep which is awesome.
5.0 : Zach is the man, if you choose him as your calc teacher you'll be set. His class always has the highest average exam scores compared to the other classes. Don't have to go to class its optional which is good. Class environment is very chill. Quizzes are from white board sit up front if u cant see too well. Very smart, funny, and knowledgeable guy.
4.5 : Bernie threw we off on the first day of class because she seemed so disorganized and anxious. Make me feel anxious. However, this was short lived and I quickly adjusted to her energy. Great lectures and lots of student participation. Graded homework assignments were based directly on textbook readings. Would take her again.
5.0 : She's a little scattered when it comes to projects but will explain more if you ask. I loved her class so much and really hope I get to take her for more classes in the future. Amazing professor.
4.5 : Bernie is an inspiration in and out of class. In the child/adolescent course, she does an amazing job integrating diagnosis/DSM-5, case conceptualization, and evidenced-based treatment planning.  If you are in the clinical track at Temple, DO NOT miss taking this course.
5.0 : In the first few days of having Bernie,  it's easy to assume she's anxious, nervous and disorganized.  That couldn't be farthest from the truth. Bernie's energy is high! She genuinely care about  the advancement of social work as a profession.  She expects student to keep up with readings, participate and share knowledge so be prepared to do work.
5.0 : She's a little all over the place, but incredibly intelligent. If you speak in class and can argue your opinion she will give you any missed points on quizzes. Love her! Would take her again!
5.0 : Bernie literally bounces around the room with such positive energy and enthusiasm. She really is a genius, with patience and dedication. She goes over material in multiple formats with examples drawn from clinical experience until students fully understand and absorb material. Fantastic professor and the SW department would be lost without her.
3.0 : She's a terrible Italian teacher for an italian. She doesn't understand the concept of an introductory course and had no patience for those who didn't understand the language. She's very sweet but can't handle lower level Italian classes where you aren't familiar with the language. She taught the entire semester like a 3000 class rather than 1010.
5.0 : Really knowledgeable on a wide range of subjects. Will help you with papers and rewrites. More than met me half way. Dreaded the books, but he got me to really like a couple of them. Nice man and handsome.
3.0 : He's a kind of easy-going and lenient with deadlines. What really gets to me is that he doesn't use blackboard, so you have to keep an eye out for his emails to know when something is due or what is the next assignment/reading for next class.
3.5 : Cionca wasn't hard, just boring. I didn't put much effort into anything and still got an A in the class, which is ok I suppose. He would frequently just have us work in groups to summarize pieces of the text, which got boring and didn't really help us learn anything unless you hadn't read.
3.5 : Knowledgeable guy and pretty easy going. Paper topics are very specific but he will let you re-write them for a higher grade after his feedback. In class assignments almost everyday but no tests. Participation is good but the books are boring and can talk the whole class period. But if you put in effort, you can get an A.
4.0 : Cionca is big on attendance, but most of class time is redundant, as you go over exactly what you should have read with the class (which I guess is good if you don't understand the material or don't read ever). Fortunately, he doesn't seem to care if you're doing other things in class, as long as you participate sometimes and get your work done.
5.0 : She's fantastic! If you're the type of person that works hard and is sincere, you'll have no problem, but don't expect to skate by. She was instrumental to me when I was applying for internships by helping me with my resume, cover letter, and professional etiquette. If you're an English major, it pays to have her on your side! Also a great mentor!
5.0 : I wish I could put more tags. She is very nice and I didn't dread the class at all. All it is is movies and after it there's a discussion. You MUST participate because that's a big chunk of your grade, but if you literally say "I found it interesting that..." you'll get the credit. A few papers but it's real easy, I would recommend her, she's chill
4.0 : Really awesome class! I'd never thought about taking a women's studies class, but one of my transfer credits never went through so I just went for it. I don't regret it! You watch a lot of movies and have a lot of interesting discussions. And no, she's not a "man-hating feminist." She's rational and easy to listen to. Ask about ur grades, though!
5.0 : i loved nadine sullivan as a teacher! She has super interesting topics about women. She plays a movie every single day and only a few of the days were boring. If you do the work, it is very easy and an easy A. She definatly taught me things I will always remember
3.0 : I guarantee an easy A because you will watch movies EVERYDAY in this class. and afterwards, you have a discussion about the movie. that is literally it. But the negative side to movies is that I feel like I didn't learn all that much from her. Nadine is a very wise women. if you like movies, this will be your favorite class.
5.0 : Great guy. Keeps a boring topic interesting and fun.
4.0 : Very well organized.  Makes dry material interesting. Presents the material clearly, though he does talk a little fast at times.    Tends to wear his heart on his sleeve and seems to get upset with the whole class when it should be directed at a single person.
3.0 : Regularly enforced a simple but specious 'write what you know' style of filmmaking that does little to stimulate a student's intellect. He's nice to a fault and always willing to discuss grades/tests/opinions at length, but his legacy, for me, will always be tarred by the flippant attitude he takes toward the efficacy of senior project submissions.
5.0 : Eran is amazing. He really is inspiring and cares about his students. He also has a lot of empathy.   Eran helps bring the best out of everyone. You'll be a better writer after taking one of his courses.
4.0 : Easy grading if you do the work, facilitates great discussions and prepares you for the major. Not an overload of homework, but he hands out the syllabus in installments which makes planning ahead more difficult. Get ready for in-class writings (we had 3)
5.0 : He will make you LOVE history. He has lived and participated in history. He tells amazing stories and provides assignments that you will actually get enjoyment out of. One of the best classes i have taken so far! Love professor young. I hope i can find a way to take him again!
4.0 : He is a SUPER interesting guy and a great storyteller. I took him as a GenEd and id definitely take him again for something else. He's a semi-hard grader but it is a history class so what can you expect
5.0 : Ralph Young is an amazing professor. Had him for Dissent in America. Lectures are great especially when he talks about the events he lived through. He wrote both the textbooks and doesn't care if you get them for cheaper than the bookstore price. I looked forward to every lecture and learned a lot - definitely changed my view on America.
1.0 : I would not recommend taking this professor. The class is more difficult than it needs to be. Grading is ridiculous.
5.0 : Easily the best professor in fox. Kapanjie is the man. Great teacher, lectures are quick and simple, and he's always willing to explain outside of class
4.5 : Best math teacher I have ever had. Half of the class is online and when class is held it's not mandatory (unless you want extra credit) and the entire lecture is posted online. Explains math in a simple way that I understood perfectly. Hes also hilarious. Take him
5.0 : best professor at temple. easy a. took him for both stat1001 and 1102 (aka calculus). i was horrible at math before this class, he made it super easy and was an easy A.
3.0 : I was expecting an easy-A. That has not been the case. The Exams (50%) are proctored online through examity and are closed notes.(Do NOT try to Cheat!)The exam was hard. The quizzes are also difficult. Homework is an effort grade, so easy 100%. Expect to be teaching yourself everything beyond the most basic concepts. I would avoid him online.
5.0 : Amazing professor!!!! As long as you keep up watch all his videos you will get an A. I have done the minimum amount for this class and got a 100% on all three exams.
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had in my undergraduate and graduate studies. He literally gave no instruction and didn't interact with his class at all. Grading took weeks at a time even though the class was only 7 weeks long.
5.0 : Awesome class! I didn't care for this course before I registered, however Deckop makes it soo interesting. His assignments are easy so as long as you do them, you'll do well. One of my favorite classes at Temple so far.
5.0 : Deckop is a really good guy and teaches very well. I was not a fan of the group project and presentations but they ended up helping my grade more than anything. Basically, if you show up to class and turn assignments in on time it is an easy A.
5.0 : Take online! Do everything you can to take this online! What a great course. No required meetings. The readings and movies are legitimately thought-provoking and interesting. The class is mostly graded on pass/fail, participation basis with some essays that are super clear on instruction. Participate in the discussion boards. Easy A!
4.0 : If you can take the Ethics class online, I'd suggest it. There's a decent amount of homework/assignments, but they're pass/fail, and I didn't most of the, night before they were due, without even watching some of the movies, and passed all of them. Grades the two papers kind of difficult, but other than that really easy. No required meetings online
5.0 : His lectures are amazing, only documentaries, so you learn a LOT !
4.0 : Susan is intimidating as hell, but she is a great teacher and will push you to do some of your best work. She definitely gives a lot of work and expects a lot out of you, so you need to be prepared for a class with her.
5.0 : Susan will break you and you're gonna be so stressed out because she's quite intimidating, but honestly by the end of the year I've never felt so accomplished going to art school. I've learned so much from her drawing class. She'll give you useful feedback even if it hurts!
4.0 : She's really intimidating, but she's a great teacher. Crits are scary but you learn a lot. She loves huge pieces so be ready to do 3ftx3ft drawings as a min. Homework is heavy, she assigns a huge project every week (don't procrastinate). If she says you can use color, do not do 'local color' (she hates), do b&amp;w/analogous/complements. Buy the kit.
4.0 : He is a wonderful professor. Both the midterm and final are open note. He is very passionate about what he's teaching. Wonderful teacher. Definitely want to have him again.
5.0 : Prof Fioretos is the man! Although he is very busy, he sets aside ample time for his students and makes sure you are on track when writing your research paper. Do NOT expect him to write your paper for you though! He makes you work for the grade but its very rewarding afterwards. He is extremely intelligent and willing to help you in any way he can
4.5 : Interesting class. Out of the four Poly Sci electives I took, this was probably the best one. Good readings and lectures; exams not overly difficult. Lot of material to cover when exams come around but he provides a study guide and suggestions for how to prepare. Also uploads the lecture slides for you to review.
5.0 : Amy is honestly one of the best professors I've ever had at Temple. She's friendly, intelligent, enthusiastic, and you learn a LOT of necessary/helpful info for real world job hunting. Great for networking. Definitely take her for Senior Seminar, you won't regret it. Also, I think a few of us cried during her last class powerpoint! It's good stuff.
5.0 : Amy is the bomb dot com.  She is great and very devoted to her students.  She is extremely encouraging and cares so much about our growth.  She is hilarious too.  Take your time, practice, and you will grown immensely.
4.5 : Prof. Caples is one of the best professors you will EVER have. This class really prepares you for your future and what makes it great is that Prof. Caples REALLY cares about your future and wants you to succeed in life. Put everything you have into this class and she will do the same for you. She has high standards, but every teacher does.
5.0 : I am currently finishing up Senior Seminar with Amy and it is probably the most personally fulfilling class I have taken at Temple. She is hilarious. Not only does she teach you every little detail about resume building, job hunting, and interviewing, but she also instills an incredible confidence in her students. I wouldn't take anybody else.
5.0 : An indefatigable intellect and first-rate logician whose unflagging passion for the technical and artistic aspects of film produces a torrent of witticisms guaranteed to simultaneously educate, entertain, and dismay. A nightmare for fools and a dream for the truly inquisitive, Harrill is the quintessential film professor.
1.0 : He has his own textbook. Be ready to purchase a $80 book for a Gen-Ed. Besides, he doesn't teaches his class as a Gen-ed. Three Tests and two papers for a Gen-ed is not anyone is looking for.
5.0 : He has very strong views and his class is eye opening. For people who get easily offended I suggest you don't take his class. Tests where pretty easy as long as you follow his vocabulary list, read, and answer possible short answers. 2 papers in his class are also super easy!
4.0 : Great class. Great professor. Dr. Kim is extremely knowledgeable and really makes you think from a different perspective, he is a free market capitalist. Teaches you to see things differently. Easy class. 2 Papers,  3 easy exams, just fill out the vocab sheets he gives you, study and answer  the short answer q's he gives you ahead of time. easy!
5.0 : His lectures are very interesting and the class is definitely worth taking.
5.0 : Had him for race and poverty in America. He is an amazing professor. This course is an eye opener, and should be taken by all students. Assigns 2 easy A papers, and 3 exams which are easy if you study off his master vocab sheets.
5.0 : Dr. Kim is the best and his class is easy. Alls you need to do is show up, listen to his lectures, and do decent on his exams. He makes you vocab sheets for your exams so you just need to find the definitions and know them and you're set! He makes his lectures very interesting and sometimes funny. No final exam either!
5.0 : I took his Mosaic 2 class in the 2014 Fall semester. Compared to other professors, personally, I think that his lecture help us to get how to read the books in critical perspectives. Most of all, he is a very authentic professor who tries to  view the world correctly and have balance perspectives. I recommend him to all future students.
4.0 : I thought Dr. Kim was an excellent professor. His way of thinking is definitely interesting. Tests can be difficult if you don't study. He is awesome at meeting with his students if you are struggling or need help. He actually cares about if his students succeed or not.
4.0 : Lectures are interesting and Professor Kim is overall a really cool guy. Just show up to class and take a bit of time studying for the quizzes and you will do great.
5.0 : I have taken Rosemary for several course, intro to advanced.  She is very knowledgeable and well connected in PR (believe it). Her class is easy but do above the bare minimum and you'll get a lot out of it. No final.
5.0 : Professor Maynard is an incredible teacher. Although there are weekly assignments, he is very fair on grading. I honestly can say I learned a lot about advertising in his class. Make sure to do his quizzes very carefully, as 3 of them make up 20% of your grade. Overall,a great instructor,and consequently makes ADV 0953 a great World Gen-Ed.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have ever had! He's a easy grader and cares about his students!
5.0 : Took his class online. I loved the assignments and he gives amazing feedback for everything you hand in. He's eager to help and wants you to succeed. He can be a tough grader, though. Would definitely take him again.
1.5 : I had to teach myself from the book. He gets off topic, skips power points, and here is a language barrier. Just because he is easy does not mean you will pass the class. If you're good at self teaching, take him, otherwise take a prof that offers more of a challenge.
4.5 : TAKE GILBERT. Huge curve and hilarious. DO NOT CHEAT. He will call you out and rip up your exam. One student said " I swear to God I wasn't cheating" and Gilbert replied "Too bad I don't believe in God." Does not want to have you again so he will pass you with a C even if you have a 60. Gives 4 exams and your lowest is dropped. Final was hard tho
2.0 : Gilbert is a nice man &amp; his tests are pretty easy. However,I found myself consistently teaching myself the entire course. I did well on the 4 midterms (he drops your lowest one), however I failed the final (the average was failing). It dropped my grade from an A to a B. So be weary that his class is easier than the other chem &amp; it hinders learning.
4.5 : Very good at explaining concepts. The language barrier can be tough at first, but it's not a problem once you get use to it. He is very friendly and eager to help during office hours. ZERO TOLERANCE for cheating, He WILL kick you out of an exam if he catches you. Keeps lectures interesting, I would absolutely take him again.
4.5 : Hr is such an amazing teacher and I would definitely take him again.
3.0 : Gilbert is a nice man, with a heavy accent. His 4 midterms aren't hard, but the final is. Attendance is not mandatory. Buying the textbook is important. There's online homework that isn't impossible, but still not easy. I would recommend taking him, it's just a difficult subject.
4.5 : Hilarious lecture! Don't skip though, its easy to get lost in the class. Overall great at explaining things and willing to spend time during office hours to go over any questions. Tests aren't that hard he gives practice exams a few days before the actual test and its pretty similar. Overall a great professor!
4.0 : Great professor. He has a thick accent but is hilarious once you learn how to understand it. Attendance is definetely optional as he spends about half the class periods telling funny stories.  As long as you get ready for each exam by doing the practice problems he posts you will do fine. Id take another class with him.
5.0 : He is a very good chemistry teacher and is a funny guy. I rarely went to class and did fine in this course. Don't let him catch you on your phone in class or he will roast you in front of everyone. Definitely would take him again. Didn't use the textbook at all because he posts all the notes online, but it may be helpful if you're not great at chem
3.0 : Lecture was okay. Some days he put everyone to sleep, other days were really fun. He tries to make test easier by giving you formulas but the tests are still hard.
5.0 : Was a tough grader, but went off topic a lot in lecture (which is a good thing) and joked around and what not. He was all around a good teacher and a good person. Very easy to talk to and helped out A LOT in office hours!  Use them and you'll pass, no doubt!!
4.5 : Best Chem professor at temple. One of the few good professor and a really nice guy. Not many personable people but Gilbert is 1.
5.0 : Great guy. Took him for Chemistry for Engineers as I think he's the only professor that teaches the course. Really funny, passionate about his subject, and very sensible grader. Don't play on your phone or computer during class, though, you will get called out!
5.0 : Professor Gilbert was the best! I would not say his exams are easy but if you read the textbook, do the worksheets he posts, and put in the effort, you are sure to get an A. I took this class during a rough time in my life and gilbert really made me lighten up especially with his life advice rampages in lecture.  Overall, I would 100% recommend.
4.5 : Good prof. but you need to work too
5.0 : Go to class, take notes, read the powerpoint slides in prep for tests. You will do fine. Great teacher
3.5 : Quirky and timely sense of humor, efficient lecturer and problem solver. Homework is infrequent and not difficult.
5.0 : If you enjoy chemistry and have a good grasp on the basics before taking the class, it is very enjoyable.  Sit near the front so you can hear/understand his lectures better!
2.0 : Gilbert can't teach. His lectures are confusing, he doesn't follow the syllabus, his exams have many typos that need to be corrected DURING THE EXAM. I learned from his online lecture notes that he never uses. Anyway, I'd say avoid, but he's the only one that teaches chem for engineers.
4.0 : Great teacher, really funny and helpful. He understands that students have classes and lives outside of his class and is sure to cater to that. Tests are easy, final is pretty difficult but if you prepare well you'll be fine!
2.5 : This man was horrible at teaching. We thought our selves the entire course basically. Tests were brutally hard, average was a 65. His final average was a 58. He tells you, he passes a 60 which is a complete lie. He doesn't care about any students and we all are cheaters unless proven otherwise. If you want to succeed in chemistry take someone else.
3.5 : He's a nice guy and very funny, but very paranoid about people cheating. Chem is a tough class so you need to put in work but he has a really big curve so you should be fine.
5.0 : Attend lectures and you should do fine.
5.0 : Even though the material may be challenging, Dr. Gilbert does a really good job of conveying it in a way that most people can understand it. He also uses a lot of examples to help you prepare. Basically, if you go to class and pay some attention, read the book, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Pros -easy midterms and final -no quizzes, projects or assignments  -barely any homework -lecture slides uploaded on Blackboard -no book required, slides are enough  Cons -his accent might seem a bit thick at first -
5.0 : It's near impossible to not get an A in his class. He let's you have a double sided cheat sheet for each test and you're able to redo papers as many times as you want until you get the grade you want. The breakout groups are run by the TAs who are awesome. Dr. Sachs is always in a good mood and super nice.
5.0 : One of the easiest classes I have ever taken at Temple. Sachs grades his paper fairly easy and every exam you are allowed a cheat sheet thats double sided that you can write anything on. You should not get lower than an A. Attendance is also mandatory!
4.5 : Dr. Sachs is an easy A. If you go to class, take notes, and make your test cheat sheet (he allows an 8x11 sheet that you can writetype answers on both sides!), you'll get an A. I loved our break out groups where we had deep conversations, but lecture was super boring. Very nice teacher and gives out three to four chances for extra credit!
4.0 : I loved Dr Sachs. He's such a happy old guy. Social Psych was a fun class and the TA's are also great. Attendance is big. The class is broken up into lecture and small break out groups(which makes topics more interesting). Be ready to do many papers, but you can redo them all. Quizzes like test but you can use a review sheet
4.5 : Dr. Renye is a great professor and probably one of the best at Temple. He loves to help his students and I would stay after class many times and talk to him for 15 or 20 minutes about my paper. He also cancelled class quite a few times. I had no problem getting an A in his class but I also am probably one of the smarter kids at Temple.
5.0 : You can tell the doc really is passionate about what he does and if you put some effort in, you'll be fine. I hated writing in high school but he made the class enjoyable. His lectures are funny even though he might not realize it and all papers are submitted first as drafts and he'll tell you what you need to get a better grade on the final draft.
5.0 : Young, dynamic, passionate and quite brilliant. He works incredibly hard to provide additional texts for anything you take an interest in. His fascination with the macabre makes his lectures particularly fun. go to office hours and he will bend your ear on anything and everything you want to know about Victorian lit. AMAZING guy, AWESOME professor!
4.0 : He gave off a bad impression the first week of classes but turned out to be a solid professor. Lots of reading though, but halfway through you'll figure out which reading to skip and which to actually read.
3.5 : He is very passionate in the topics that he teaches. He makes you think and go beyond what's there. He is really helpful though. There will be discussions every class. If you do the reading, and participate in class, you will be fine.
5.0 : I had no problem getting good grades on papers and I didn't think I was a good writer. He assigns quite a bit of reading and you have to answer a few questions about the reading just about every class but the essays aren't too bad.
4.0 : Dr. Renye is definitely a tough grader and his materials can be challenging. However, he is by far the most thoughtful, friendly and caring English professor I've known.
4.0 : Dr. Renye is a great lecturer. I love his lecture on the Stasi, Jack the Ripper. But he is also a very tough grader. 96+: A, 92-95: A-. You have to get 96 and above to get an A, and at the same time, getting a 96 in Dr. Renye's class is more difficult than in any other classes. Choose him only if you are very good at English.
4.5 : Relatively easy prof. I don't recall writing a lot at all. I know we did read a lot and he expected people to participate.
3.0 : The class itself was not difficult. He would always play a random clip at the beginning. Majority of the time spent was reading answering discussion questions. But for some reason I ended up with a B. Don't remember writing much except for the final.
3.5 : Dr Libowitz was a pretty good professor. Harder grader on essays but there weren't very many of them and there were no tests, just reading books and going over them in class. Bring the books with you to class and participate, otherwise he gets cranky.
5.0 : Dr. Libowitz is a good professor.  He definitely is lecture heavy but what did you expect in Mosaic/Humanities course?  we read through a bunch of classic books and dissect them.  I you take notes when he is lecturing, it will help you do better on his essays.  He likes when you give stuff from lectures in essays.  Def. take him if youneed a mosaic
5.0 : I loved Prof Libowitz. He is a great teacher. He doesn't make Mos 1 too hard but you actually learn something if you try. He's funny and wants you to learn. He likes people who speak up
1.5 : He goes on far too long about his personal life; some of the things he tells us are irrelevant and inappropriately personal. Lectures and inhibits discussion. Is openly sexist towards women- he precedes some of his statements by saying the following statement will be sexist. Will 100% somehow relate everything back to religion- most often his own.
3.5 : He's an interesting lecturer, though frequently he would ask broaddeep questions and we'd blankly stare and struggle to respond. May have just been the early hour. He's a good lecturer and frequently starts the song with an old song and plays video clips. He is a bit of a tough essay grader and takes style into account. 3 or 4 not long papers
4.0 : Dr. Libowitz is a very smart man. The class itself wasn't challenging whatsoever. I think we had 2 one page papers and a final with no length requirement. Lecture heavy and likes people who participate. My only regret is that I did not take him for 851.
2.0 : Most ridiculous grader ever.
2.0 : Grades so inconsistently. The worst since mosaics should be an easy A
3.5 : Professor Libowitz does a very good job making English interesting to those that are not interested in it. He is also a very nice guy. He grades pretty fairly, but if your suck at English (which I do) do not expect anything more than a B in the class.
5.0 : Professor Libowitz was a great teacher. Very informative and helpful.
5.0 : Professor Libowitz was an excellent teacher. Very informative and helpful.
4.5 : Professor Libowitz is alright at best. Most of the class he just lectures. He is easy, ill give him that, but dont expect the best grade. I went to class every day, read most of the books and felt like I understood them but always did alright on the papers and I never got a good explanation for the grade I got. Everyone i know got a B in his class
4.0 : Dr. Libowitz is a good instructor. Expects you to read a ton. Hard to use spark notes. that is not material he covers/questions about. Group Project, few homework essays midterm/final essays. Nice guy but seems a little partial to the girls and  people same culture/religion. Went every class, write good participate most. Still only B. Still recomnd
3.0 : Libowitz is probably the easiest professor you will ever have. The semester is more than half way through and we haven't had any papers, quizzes, and barely had any homework assignments. He appreciates participatoin but we really don't have any real grades for the course so I'm expecting an A out of this course. Sit back and relax with this guy.
5.0 : I loved his class . He is a great teacher. He loves teaching and he cares about the students. He is a little bit tough grader. He  cares about the grammar . I would take hs class again. His lectures are interesting.
1.0 : Class is usually a lecture, does not facilitate a lot of discussion for an honors mosaics class. Covers a lot of books but attendance isn't required and it's easy to not do the reading and still follow along. Frequent sexist remarks and plays videos or music unrelated to the class from the 50s/60s. Fairly easy but one of the most dull classes.
5.0 : Amazing Lectures, great  conversations Papers with no length requirements  Books that you can sparknote doesnt post grades
3.5 : Easy class in terms of workload. He barely assigns anything the entire semester. Though, the way he grades is a bit inconsistent. Its like he grades based off how hes feeling at the time. But hes a pretty nice guy &amp; he enjoys the presence of his students. I skimmed the summaries of the books online, put effort into the essays, and ended up w/ an A
4.0 : Dr. Libowitz was one of my favorite profs this semester! He's really cool and likes to engage in conversation. He will like you especially if your participate and offer interesting points to the conversation. We read a lot of books but they are all reading-worthy, but you can get away with just spark noting it though.
3.0 : She is okay, but gives out way too much reading!  Too much work for an elective course.  Her exams are difficult and she is all over the place with her lecture.  I do not recommend this course, or taking any others with her.
2.0 : If you are ready to read 50 pages every night and take two quizzes each class then take this class otherwise I Recommend to avoid and choose a different World Society Gen-Ed. Spent 11 hours on a paper and wasn't enough for her. Strongly suggest to stay away!
2.0 : don't take this class as a gen ed. there are far easier gen eds out there. i had to put in so much time for all the readings that i stopped paying as much attention to my core classes. there is never a night without reading and readings are long. she gives a quiz, or two, every class. you can't skip classes. if you're russian you may do well.
3.0 : She takes a Gen Ed too seriously. She's a lovely knowledgeable person outside of class but she's somewhat unorganized and the class was way too much work for a Gen Ed. Quizzes are pass or fail so just get above a 50 but honestly her T/F quiz questions are so weirdly worded it's difficult to get a good quiz grade even with Ctrl+F.
3.0 : Often unclear with what she wants out of assignments, and you need to press to get all the information on them. Has high expectations of work effort for a gen ed class; I worked more in this class than in any other this semester. She's generally helpful and accommodating if you talk to her outside class during office hours.
4.5 : Moser is a really great teacher and explains everything well, but unfortunately he uses "My Math Lab" for all the quizes and homeworks. There are WAY too many assignments due each week and some of the problems in MML aren't even taught in class, and its a difficult program. Again, Moser is a GREAT guy but you really have to study.
5.0 : Karen had a great teaching style. Kept students interested by using lots of real world examples. Welcomed student participation. Easy going. Would definitely take her again.
5.0 : This is the second class I have taken with Karen and she has been a total joy. She's extremely well versed in social work (studied public policy at Penn), always willing to explain topics further, extremely down to earth, and absolutely hilarious. She's the best undergraduate professor I have had within the College of Public Health! #teamkaren
5.0 : She's BEYOND AMAZING!!!! her classes were always interesting and interactive. Great discussions and conversational topics. She creates a safe and comfortable environment in which you feel free to express your thoughts. I would totally take her again!! Totally recommend her classes!
5.0 : Terrific professor! Has a great way of making all of the class material relatable. Class discussions are fantastic and she provides great perspectives! Definitely would take her again.
5.0 : She is amazing, always willing to help! Lots of small assignments which are NOT even slightly hard &amp; is lenient with late assignments. She lectures the same materia constantly so you know what to expect on the blue book exams. You watch some movies. One group paper with a presentation. Everything is easily graded and you actually learn! Easy A!
5.0 : For Geology 1001, Dr. Flynn was a very good professor. The course does require a lot of reading and studying, as the exams cover a large amount of material from the text. The lab exams also require a decent amount of studying, however, Dr. Flynn is always available to help.
5.0 : This class was an easy A as long as you show up and do the work.  She's extremely flexible and lets you know that the first class.  She can explain the material and dumb it down so people with no geology experience understand it.  You watch movies and that's a good way to learn the material and she has many real life examples
3.0 : Not worth it for a Gen Ed.  She gives far more work than is necessary and the tests are kind of hard.  She is a super tough grader.  Material is easy, just chose a different professor.  I would suggest Jessie Thornburg.
5.0 : Amazing Prof! TAKE HER. You will be better for it!
5.0 : TAKE HER FOR GEOLOGY VS. HOLLYWOOD!! She is super easy! minimal work and the tests are easy and fair. If you study exactly what she tells you to do, you will do fine! 3 easy tests- that's it!
3.0 : Professor Flynn is very nice as a person, but she makes this class a lot of unnecessary work for a gened. She grades too toughly on exams, and is slightly disorganized with deadlines of assignments. She is difficult to reach outside of class which is frustrating if you cant make her set office hours. One pro is no textbook , she posts articles
3.0 : She gives a lot of small homework assignments which start to build up. Will hand you multiple things at once with each one having a different due date which gets very confusing. Her notes she writes on the board are awful. But she will always help you if you ask. Over all the class is easy but the tests are difficult.
3.5 : he is a really nice teacher and everything but if you are looking for an easy class since you have many other important classes in the same semester.... this is not the class for you. so much reading and you need to analyze every little piece of the book or you won't do well. test questions come from the reading not the class.
4.0 : This is a discussion based class, with class participation counting as 20% of your grade. He is very clear about what he wants on essays and gives you feedback immediately. Overall a good teacher.
5.0 : I really don't understand some of these older negative reviews. Gabe's class was the highlight of my graduating semester. He expects good writing and better attendanceparticipation because it's a discussion class. It's not like he drolls on for 80 min like some professors do; you actually watch movies, and he's a funny guy. Take him!
2.0 : This was the worse class I decided to take. Not a film or theater major or anything along those lines? Don't take it. Super boring. Expects you to understand the entire movie in the 5min clips he shows you. If you deviate any bit, you're wrong. A film can end in a million ways but there is only one right answer, his answer. Never shows full film...
5.0 : Very helpful when it comes to papers. She explains assignments well and is very caring. Helped me a lot with my writing.
4.0 : He's one of those "Don't Judge a Book by Its Cover" Profs.  I thought the class was going to be awful, but I was wrong.  Best Art History Course available. On syllabus, it said 10 pgs, he made it 4-5 with a picture included haha. He truly enjoy what he does, so its nice to come to class.  Three semi-easy tests if you come to class, couple papers.
3.0 : Very intelligent guy- an expert on Ancient Greece. very easy class. He is more focused on teaching than grades, easy for ARTH majors and those just interested in Greek Art.
5.0 : Hiller is hands down the BEST teacher I have ever had!! He is hilarious, smart and interesting. I bought the book but ended up using it about a time or two not more than that.  We had about 3 exams and bunch of take home quizzes. Loved this class, wish he was teaching many other CJ classes.
4.0 : Course can be dry but he keeps it interesting. Super caring for his students. Always willing to help. Provides opportunity for success (good grades! easily).
4.0 : Slow grading and giving feedback on assignments. Exams are multiple choice, 2 essays
5.0 : One of my favorite professors! Really nice guy, and his classes are always interesting. Promotes discussion on the material and prompts you to actually think about it. Definitely take him if you can!
4.0 : Dr. Hiller is such a sweetheart. He really cares about his students and wants to make us all laugh and do well. However he is INCREDIBLY nervous. I understand his jokes are to break tension but they are too much and I get lost about 10 times per class. He is unorganized and a slow grader which is why i would not take him again if I had the option.
4.0 : Dr. Hiller is a really smart and caring guy. Yes he's a little bit awkward in a dorky type of way but he jokes about it himself. He can get off topic pretty easily but still manages to get back to his point. His assignments are very clear so as long as you do what they say you'll be fine. Get ready for lots of dad jokes!
1.0 : By far the worst professor I've had at Temple University. 3 weeks left until the end of the semester and not one assignment has been graded. Revised the syllabus 3/4 of the way through class &amp; eliminated 5 weeks worth of content because he doesn't know how to stop rambling in class and teach. We were behind on the syllabus within the 1st week.
1.0 : I dont understand how assignments that had due dates over 2 months ago are only now being graded. We need feedback on these assignments for the final paper thats due in less than 5 days. Horrible, don't take
5.0 : Very intelligent! Dr. Hiller knows his stuff! Gained a lot of knowledge from his lectures. Has a great sense of humor and warming personality. However, make sure you keep up on the readings in this class and take good notes. If you take notes, tests will be a breeze!
5.0 : I will miss this class so much. Learned a lot and Dr. Hiller made the content worth paying attention to, even in the early AM. Take notes: the PowerPoints don't say everything.
5.0 : Dr. Hiller is a fantastic professor. He takes material that could easily be dry and boring and adds life and humor into it. As others have stated, definitely take notes, but as long as you pay attention tests and quizzes are no problem. Dr. Hiller definitely wants everyone to succeed and I strongly recommend taking him as many times as you can!
5.0 : Dr. Hiller is a good professor for this subject. He balances writing the paper with learning the material very well, and he truly cares about the material. He gives excellent feedback and allows you to make revisions. He is a fair grader and he's very accessible outside of class for any comments or questions. Definitely take him for CJRM.
1.0 : A mess with grading! 2 days before final grades are due and he's asking people to resubmit things. The semester is over and the only work left is grading for the professors. Maybe this should have been done weeks ago!!
5.0 : Professor Hamid is one of the best professors at Temple University. Her only goal is to make sure we understand the material and pass her class with an A. I was a little intimiated at first, but as the semester went on I realized she is a great professor and likes to crack jokes every now and then. If you have the chance definitely take her.
4.0 : Great professor, although the class is extremely hard! If you skip you will not understand anything. There are 4 tests and lots of quizzes all very hard make sure to study. If you don't do well on the tests you pretty much dig yourself in a hole because there is no extra credit :/ She wants everyone to do well and is available outside of class.
5.0 : Never been an A student in math but she really cares about how her students do. If you go to class, do the homework problems you can get an A. Her lectures are very easy to follow and she is willing to answer any questions. She came to class always with a smile on her face, I would GREATLY recommend.
4.0 : She is very clear with her explanations and is always willing to help if you ask her!
5.0 : Best math teacher ever! super nice! great personality. Cares about students and provides detailed step by step notes. I would def take again! I didnt really need the book that much just for homework problems (which arent checked).
5.0 : She explains things from scratch very well. She clearly wants all of her students to do well and she sets a positive atmosphere for students to ask questions. She is a very supportive teacher!
4.5 : Clearly cares about her students and wants to help as much as she can  Very likable
5.0 : BEST 1021 PROFESSOR AT TEMPLE! I cant stress this enough. She is very thorough in her lectures and is always there to help you. If I could take her for the remainder of my math courses at Temple I would! She makes you work for your grades but its all worth it in the end.
5.0 : Prof. Hamid is AMAZING. She explains everything very well. She cares about the students. Her quizzes aren't hard; just do all the homework and you won't face difficulties. Take notes. I would highly recommend to take a class with her.
5.0 : Very clear explanations, consistent expectations, invested in her students success, very organized lectures.  Must do the homework.  Flexible when it comes to office hours, and generous on the tail end of the time allotted to take her quizzes.     I got a B-, but honestly that's bc I'm not good @ it, doing that well was bc she was so great.
5.0 : Excellent professor , very helpful. Take her class, she is an awesome person.
4.5 : Very helpful, can clearly tell she wants everyone to succeed and takes time our of her day to make sure of it! Very hard to find at a large school.
5.0 : she is the best of the best. I love math because of her. she prepares her students for the tests very well. take here without asking!!!
1.0 : She is absolutely the hardest professor I have ever had. She teaches at an extremely fast pace and gives tests every week on material that was covered the week before. Extremely confusing teaching style and I would not recomend her to anybody. I somewhat enjoyed math until I took her.
5.0 : One of the kindest and best professors I have ever had! She's an easy grader!
5.0 : She is willing to do all she can to provide help for her students. She gets to know her students fairly quick, and is quick to give praises when she feels that one deserves it. She gives weekly quizzes, but drops the two lowest scores. She's a lovely person altogether, and if the opportunity presented itself, I would def take her again.
5.0 : She's a great professor! ask questions in the classroom, and get help from the tutoring center or see her during her office hours. She is willing to work with you if she knows you are trying. So asks questions and receive the feedback she will not bite. enjoy the class, I did. Math was not my best subject but do the homework and you'll pass.
5.0 : best math professor at Temple. Caring and wants her students to succeed. Very clear and organized.
5.0 : she is the best in temple university you must take her  you do not need to study anything except her nots no need for book  or math department review.
5.0 : She is the BEST professor I have ever had. I have always been SO bad at math. I got a D on the first quiz but with her help I finished the class with an A! Professor Hamid was so good at presenting material and helpful in her office hours. Do the homework!! she doesn't check it but it helps and are usually the same problems on the weekly quizzes
5.0 : I loved her. You can tell she really cares about her students and puts in her best effort to make sure they pass the class. She explained everything clearly and as long as you show up on a regular basis and do most of the homework, you'll pass the class with flying colors. There's a quiz every week (she drops lowest 2), three exams, and a final.
5.0 : I loved Prof Hamid! She was always willing to help you during her office hours and loves seeing her students succeed. This class isn't easy, but she will help you as best as she can. DO THE HW! Test questions are usually pulled directly from the HW.
5.0 : Learned a ton from him, he teaches about things he has experienced, and he does a great job answering any question you can think of.  One of the best teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : Very nice guy. Tell you everything he will go over in the day. Also the week before the quiz he will let you know exactly what the quiz is on. You get only 3 easy quiz during the semester; If you are in class you will have no problem at passing. Will deff take him again.
4.0 : Go to class, do the homeworks on your own, do good on the review quiz!!! Class is easy, it's all example. It can get annoying but that's how math is. He's such a nice guy. Volunteer:)
3.0 : He's a very nice guy, but his lectures are extremely boring and the class itself is so hard. He gives a quiz a week which are pretty easy, but the tests are extremely hard. If you don't pay attention 100%, do the homework, and ask questions it will be pretty hard to pass. Especially the final, it's impossible.
5.0 : Literally one of the best math professors, but I recommend doing your homework as well as attending class because with math it's like if you miss one class you may have to play catch up, and don't be afraid to ask questions he won't make you will stupid. Overall I learned a lot and I feel as if though I am ready for pre-calc.
4.0 : He's a great teacher and very thorough with his lectures. This class you cannot skip or else you will fall behind very easily. You have a quiz every week which aren't bad if you study. Tests are pretty hard, but he gives you review packets and review videos that are very helpful so you can get the grade you want if you work for it.
4.5 : Hes a cute old man!! He teaches by putting examples on the board. He gives the basic methods so you're able to do the homework (not mandatory). He gives a short quiz for each section (about half of them are take home and question are from the hw). There are three tests (math depart. makes them). I got bored very easily but hes a great teacher!
4.5 : Pr. Lowenthal is an amazing teacher. He is very clear about what he is teaching which is very important for math. However, this class is not super easy. There are weekly quizzes but he does warn you about them. The best thing about this professor is that he is very on top of his office hours and is always willing to meet with you if you.
5.0 : awesome professor!! I would definitely recommend everyone to take him. he's super sweet and nice.
4.5 : He's very nice and explains things very well! There's a quiz each week but they're like 4-5 problems and fairly simple! There are 3 tests and a Final. The tests can be pretty tough at some points but if you pay attention you'll be good. He gives plenty of examples during class and the homework isn't mandatory but is recommended. Pretty easy class
4.0 : The homework is optional, so if you know what you are doing you don't need to do it. He's a cute old man that gives 3 tests and a final. There are around 10 quizzes and he drops the lowest quiz grade. I didn't use the textbook the whole semester and did not feel hindered.
5.0 : Love him
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers of all time, she was the first name I just thought to search for  :-)  She will look a little bit deeper and harder at you if you show the effort and interest, and she will help you learn even more...
4.0 : This is a writing intensive class, so there are 7 articles due throughout the semester, all extremely easy! She is the easiest grader I have ever had. You cannot not pass this class. Just turn all the papers in on time and your golden.
5.0 : Professor Odom is great. She's great at making a subject that's usually a bit boring and did her best to make it interesting. She was also very engaging and conversational with the students. This is a straightforward class and if you do the homework you'll definitely pass.
5.0 : Gives weekly programming assignments that are worked on in lab, which can be difficult, but he is more than willing to help you out if you ask. He also gives weekly quizzes (open notes) that he grades very leniently.  Really nice guy and great teacher
5.0 : Rolf is a very cool guy and simply an amazing professor.  I don't know what else there is to say about him.  His "minimal knowledge questions" are a bit stressful, but at the same time they really aren't that difficult.  Lab assignments can be a bit overwhelming at first glance, but if you go to class or watch the lectures they aren't too bad.
5.0 : Definitely a difficult course in both lecture and lab but Lakaemper is a really good teacher and a nice guy. He was not joking about labs taking 6-8 hours a week on average but as long as you attend lecture every day and study the material, you should do okay in the class.
5.0 : If you're looking for a teacher who will inspire you to do better and help you along your career path, look no further.  Obviously you can't slack off in this class, but it's not super hard either- just do the assignments and pay attention in class- it'll change your life for the better
5.0 : Rolf was the best professor I have ever had. I needed his help with many things and he always came through. If you are willing to work, you will succeed with Rolf. His care for his students is outstanding and he will always do his best to help whoever is in need.
5.0 : always cheerful and light-hearted and  covers the material very well. don't take him if you're not a great coder, because he gives weekly(sometimes you have 2 weeks) programming projects that are definitely not easy, but if you pay attention in class you're ok. also will you help in his office hours. My favorite professor ever!
5.0 : Definitely take Professor Lakaemper for data structures as you will get to learn a lot. If you don't understand something, visit his office hours and he is more than happy to help. Attendance is not mandatory but you should not skip his classes as a lot is covered in a single lecture. Assignments are very hard; get started early.
4.5 : Took for him for Careers in Psych and that class was a breeze. He's very clear but the things he discussed and he seems pretty funny. I believe he made the class more interesting than it was. I would take him again.
5.0 : Dr. Johnson's class was great. No reading required, the multiple choice exams were straight forward and based on the lectures. His lectures were well organized and clearly communicated, and interesting. He was professional but laid back. I got 100s on most of the exams just because I paid attention in class and then studied my notes before the test
4.5 : Dr. Johnson has to be one of the best professors at Temple. He made the class fun and interesting but I still learned a great deal of information. Take him
5.0 : Careers in Psychology with his is a breeze. online quizzes are very simple and open note. You learn a lot of useful information in this class and it is relatively interesting. probably the easiest class i've ever taken
2.5 : I took Dr.Johnson for Careers in Psych. He talks about himself a lot, but I didn't mind because we only had to write a Resume, a 2 pg paper and took 5 open note 5 question quizzes. We did not use any of the textbooks he recommends because he posts all the lectures on blackboard .
4.0 : He was really cool, nice voice to listen to, he was funny. The day he really got me on board was when he quoted Ratatouille. Also like videos and pictures, he made it fun, like it should be, it's psych. He seemed like a really solid guy. And I got my best grade yet on his test, wasn't too bad at all. He was one of the best I've met. Very lit.
5.0 : What a great professor! His lectures are interesting and hes a funny guy. Four multiple choice exams and a cumulative final. I enjoyed the class!
4.0 : For a Gen-ed, this class is NOT an easy-A. It's made up of four 50 question MC exams and an optional cumulative longer final that could replace your lowest score. That's it. However, he's a great guy who is very quirky and would always make the class laugh. He shows a lot of videos, which helps becuase the class is only lectures and exams.
4.0 : Evolution psych capstone. Loved Dr. Johnson. Tough grader but really smart guy who just knows everything about everything. Funny, easy-going, brought pizza for last class. Graded on weekly online quizzes, 8 page paper, 5-min presentation, and two online essay question exams. Easy capstones. Looked forward to class. I learned a lot.
5.0 : All of his lectures were really enjoyable and I actually felt disappointed when I couldn't make it to class. He's a very nice guy and tells a lot of jokes that are actually funny. He gives you a lot of opportunity to do well, he only counts your best 4 of 5 exams and best 10 of 14 quizzes. I'm sad this class is over, his lectures were great.
1.0 : Full of himself, makes corny jokes. Class was easy. That's about it
5.0 : He's great! Funny guy, tells a lot of stories and keeps it interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Johnson was a great teacher. Class was super easy. Exams were based on the lectures so as long as you study the power points you should have no problem doing well in the course.
5.0 : I had Dr. Johnson for Careers in Psych, which isn't the easiest class to get through because of the material. It's not a hard class at all, but it isn't the most exciting topic. Dr. Johnson holds your attention through it and actually made it a pleasant experience. I'd take another class with him!
5.0 : He's a great professor and super entertaining and funny! His Careers in Psych class was extremely easy you literally just need to listen in class, take the online quizzes and do your assignments such as a resume and focus 2 report, I highly recommend him as a professor, I got an A
5.0 : Dr. Johnson was one of the best professors I've had at Temple! He makes a lot of corny jokes but if you can get past that, he's very clear and he isn't a tough grader. I had him freshman year and took him again last year for Careers in Psych. Everything is based on the slides. If you memorize them, you'll do great!
4.5 : He is great. I think my favorite professor at Temple. This is my third time having him as a professor. He makes everything easy to understand. No textbook! Clear slides that are always posted and not a lot of assignments. Such a nice guy!
5.0 : best professor ever! take all quizzes (5 questions - read slides and attend lecture to pass them) gives amazing lectures, incredibly smart and caring! you won't regret taking him.
4.0 : Prof. Makarem is a great professor. Buying the textbook wasn't required, and you can easily pass by paying attention in class and reading the supplemental material. Extra credit  is offered, I would recommend doing because it can really save your grade. You will be given a group project, but as long as you follow the criteria you will do fine.
4.5 : Very nice and extremely helpful. Her lectures can be a bit hard to follow but she posts all powerpoints on blackboard. If you need help ask for it, she really goes out of her way to help you understand the material if she sees you're actually trying.
5.0 : This professor was great. He's really understanding and clear. His lectures can get dry from time to time, however he does his best to keep things interesting. He shows a lot of fun videos and clips to break up the monotony. His tests aren't particularly hard, however you must study for them.
3.5 : His tests are tough. The materials are based on his slides and textbook. Need to participate, and there are lots of group projects. Not an easy A.
5.0 : Prof. Shuman is the kindest and the most likeable professor I've ever had so far. I'm not faking. Patient, helpful and interesting. He's great!!!
5.0 : The easiest, most useless class i have ever been to. you wont learn anything, but hey, you'll end up with an EASY, Very easy A. take him. w/o even thinking about it. no quizzes, dont even buy the pearson, cus its useless
4.0 : Seriously the NICEST man you'll ever meet. He's funny and makes class almost elementary. He tries his BEST to accommodate to your "needs" even if it's ridiculous, like you missing due dates, well guess what...no due date! Knows his math...if students listened/came to class.  Open-note tests...including computer use. Kindness level = angel, a saint!
3.0 : Such a sweet guy but the class was a BREEZE. Easiest A ever. He lets you use computers/phones on any test, including midterm and final. You do have hw due but it's through mymathlab and he is extremely lenient with deadlines. I would recommend this class to anybody.
5.0 : Nicest professor you'll ever have. Class is ridiculously easy and everything is open notebook/ laptop. The one downside is that the mymathlab homeworks get a tad tedious but overall if you're going to have a tough semester, you're guaranteed an A+ in his class. No attendance required either. I'm really going to miss him next semester in 2103 though
5.0 : Best professor! He truly cares for his students and will stay after to help you  learn. Wish there were more professors out there like him at Temple! Highly suggest taking him. The Shumanator
5.0 : Shows up to class 10-15 minutes late and tries to teach past the class time which can get annoying! But he's a really sweet guy and goes over the material more than enough times to make sure all of his students understand it. Attendance isn't required, you don't use the book once. Had maybe 4 homework assignments, all take home or open note tests!
5.0 : great Teacher will take again
4.5 : Nicest and sweetest professor ever.  Everything is explained thoroughly and the tests are extremely easy.  For 701 the tests are on paper in class, and he basically tells you the answers.  He doesn't even make the homework on MyMathLab mandatory.  I got A's on all of the tests.
5.0 : Professor Shuman is literally the best. You need to buy the online mymathlab registration but you never use the book. He will extend any deadline that you need and will meet with you at any time. I'm terrible at math and I'm going to get an A in this class. Gives you a study guide for midterm, does not take attendance, is so nice. TAKE HIM
5.0 : walked into my review session, seemed like a cool dude tbh, 12/10 hopes he walks into my other classes in the future :)
5.0 : He is super sweet and genuinely cares about his students! I am awful at math but I got an A in this class because Shuman knows how to teach!! TAKE HIM.
1.5 : He talks a lot, and by a lot I mean, he never stops. He doesn't prepare you for the mid term, you go in knowing the information he tells  you (not helpful) also, neither are the 40 page chapters he assigns to read. The topics are never clear.
5.0 : Soler is one of the most phenomenal teachers I've ever had in my life. He is passionate about what he teaches, is clear about what he expects from each person for the course, gives some of the most best lectures and must importantly understands his students. In a generation where students don't think college is worth it any longer, he gives hope.
4.5 : This class is very easy with John, but still very helpful. I actually learned a lot by the end and the work was very manageable. The assignments early in the class are easy, but not very helpful. Pretty easy grader when it comes to group projects (2) as long as you incorporate feedback from the first one.
4.0 : Very fun, but extremely difficult class. I'm in good physical shape and I thought I did very well in class and showed up to every class and I only got a B-! This was probably the funnest class I took at Temple, but it really hurt my GPA. I wouldn't take this class again, take a different kinesiology class, Temple offers about 12 sport-type classes.
2.5 : He is a very tough and arrogant professor. Do not take this class if you don't have to. I went to almost every single class, performed at my best level and he still thought I was not trying enough. For the final exam, I studied for nearly as long as I would for an actual class. He is definately hard for an activity class and I would not recommend.
4.0 : The grades given is much lower than expected, it's very hard to accept that the hardworking of one semester is almost destroyed by some pieces of paper! The teacher is good, class is fun, classmates are nice,  everything goes well, but the way of grades given is really disappointed. feel sorry for the  received grade
4.0 : Brad May was a great professor and I loved his insight. This class in particular was heavy on a book presentation. I wish he actually taught more but overall he was good. 3 (difficult) exams and presentation.
5.0 : Great class.  The professor was very approachable, interesting and passionate about the subject material.  Very knowledgeable and helpful!
3.0 : This class was extremely boring but he would try to get us engage. After each lecture he would ha e us to group work and he would also go around to each group. He gives great feedback and does not grade hard
4.0 : the quizzes that he gives are online and you can take as many times as you want during the timeframe he gives. Questions don't come from just the textbook but also from the articles and essays that he assigns as readings.  Read all of them. Start on your two papers early, asking him questions, he will give a lot of useful tips.
5.0 : He is a wonderful professor. He is extremely knowledgeable about the EU and the course materials. You will get A LOT of information on the EU, so be prepared and keep up. There's one textbook but it's on reserve so you don't really need to buy it (I didn't). Overall, I would recommend him, he was helpful and he had some interesting/funny stories.
5.0 : Recommending him to everyone at Temple and Penn!
5.0 : He is so passionate about what he is teaching that it makes you want to learn about it too. His personal anecdotes and quirky videos help you really relate to the subject matter and get a better understanding of the material. He is extremely approachable and his exams are reasonable and fairly graded. I will take another class with him if I can!
5.0 : Pollack is great. Sometimes wanders off topic in class but genuinely cares about students and the material. Very engaging and generous with his time. Conscious of the workload students are dealing with and does not overload the syllabus with readings.
3.5 : I Loved her  class and her! She has so much experience in the media field and I learned so much! A lot of her classes were so interesting on how to make it in broadcasting, PR, advertising, TV, Social media ect. Gives you so much real life tips and feed back.  Easy to pass but you do need to study to get an A. Participation, reviews and attendance.
2.0 : I'm obviously in the minority by not really liking her. I thought she was pretty self-absorbed and put a lot of responsibility on students to teach each other rather than her doing her job. the class was easy. make sure you show up with the readings done because of nobody participates she quickly gets frustrated.
5.0 : I love Professor Culver.  She is extremely knowledgeable and clearly passionate about children's media.  The work is very manageable, even though it's a writing intensive class.  She sets very clear guidelines and has super specific instructions.  I did not expect to like the class so much.  Sherri is great, and very well dressed too!
5.0 : WOW! I don't think I've ever learned so much. Sherri is SO passionate and SO experienced. Her lectures are AMAZING! You do exercises or actual video analysis from the learning and it just all makes sense. Sherri is tough - she has high expectations and will make you work for your grade, but I PROMISE she will be one of the best profs you have.
5.0 : Had her for the London Study Away Program. Great teacher. Interesting lectures. Easy A.
5.0 : She's always passionate about what she's teaching which makes for a really enjoyable class. Culver always stresses how much she wants to be there for any of her students. She is funny in lectures and allows for a relaxed environment. Brings a real connection to media business through relatable videos and pop-culture references. Highly recommend!!!!
4.0 : Sherri is a nice professor. Her tests are very hard and drawn out. If you listen and pay attention in class, it should be an easy B at best. However, getting an A is hard to do.
4.0 : Prof is knowledgable!!  Also very non-biased in classroom debates.   He is able to argue devils advocate well, especially to test a theory. He does not rush through material to make sure the class is on track with the syllabus, esepecially when there is a great discussion going.
4.0 : Her class is very easy, but has a bit of work with it. There's one group project, weekly summaries on articles (only 1 page long), and a final paper. Attendance is mandatory for the first few weeks and then you can show up whenever your summary is due. Class discussion on your summary plays a big part of the class, but you learn a lot. Easy A.
5.0 : There are readings for every class that is discussed in class.  The discussion is often very meaningful and inspiring.  She herself is hilarious and very open to everyone's ideas.  She encourages creativity and challenges you (in a good way) to really absorb and think about the course content.
5.0 : She is clear with her expectations and provides rubrics. She makes class fun and helps you with conversational Spanish a lot. She was also understanding and would push back deadlines if need be. There is not too much work outside of class, if you are efficient maybe 1-2.5 hours a week.  I would highly recommend her.
3.0 : I had her class only once a week for 2 1/2 hours. She was strict if you missed more than 1 or 2 classes. The class was super easy, just do the summaries and contribute  to class discussions. She's kind of weird but she's nice and made class fun sometimes. You watch a lot of videos and get to eat a lot of food.
4.5 : Norma is the best. So funny and it's a lot of work sometimes but you will learn a lot and she's very nice and loves to sing :) I would definitely recommend taking her for 3001. She does debates in class which are very interesting and helpful in improving your speaking skills.
5.0 : I'm really glad I took Honors Conversational Review with her. it really helped me refine my Spanish and she is so much fun. Get ready to listen to music in Spanish!
3.0 : Profesora Norma era maja, pero su clase era difcil pa'mi.... Demasia'os examens para llevar a casa y eran arduos; me llev mucho tiempo hacerlos. No es como si vayas a recibir una mala nota, porque la calificacin no es mala.... pero buena suerte!
5.0 : He explains the material well,  I enjoy his jokes and test are good if you follow the study guide.
4.5 : I took Casella for Pre Calc and Calc and I would be lost taking anyone else!  I tried Calc over the summer with someone else and had to withdraw before I failed out, but I got an A- with Casella.  If you're bad at math he's def the guy to take!
4.5 : Great teacher. Gives 6 quizzes, drops the worst one. homework assignments are online and easy. Will go out of his way to help someone with a math question. do the test reviews and the tests are just slightly different. Such a good teacher, I am going out of my way (main campus) to Ambler to take him for STAT 1102. Easiest A you could ever get.
5.0 : He is a very nice professor. Take him. He give lots of examples on the board, so it is easy to understand. And he is always there to help you. You will definitely enjoy the class. In this class, you will have 3 exams and 1 final, but they are not difficult ifyoupayattentioninclass. He also give you some practice quiz to help you review the exams.
5.0 : if you never get a A in your life you will get a A in this class
5.0 : The cutest man alive. He is my dream Grandfather. Also a good teacher and is very helpful. Truly just a gem of a person. Can not rave enough.
5.0 : Absolute GOAT! Take him if you have the chance he cares about his students more than anything else and will extend / reopen homework assignments if you contact him. He is the man, easy A if you put in a little effort. One of Temple's best.
5.0 : One of the most caring people I've met. He stated multiple times throughout the semester that all he wants in life is for his students to be smarter than he is. I'm terrible at math in general so I struggled a bit but this was no fault of his. If you have any problems he will do all that he can to help you. Great man and a great professor.
5.0 : HE IS THE MAN!!! His one and only goal here at Temple University is everyone to pass and succeed. If you don't understand something he will help you out as much as he can with many different ways. Exams are not that bad, pure algebra and pre-calc. HE IS ONE OF THE BEST STAT PROFESSORS, TAKE HIM!!!!!
5.0 : Gordon has a real gift for teaching and has been a wonderful mentor.
5.0 : Great professor. Ive taken Gordan Gray for film production and cultural anthropology. Hes very approachable, never makes you buy a textbook, always providesthe readings online. His attitude is youll get out what you put in. So he wont mind if you dont do the readings, as long as you do the final project. He also has great life stories to share.
3.0 : His first time teaching the capstone &amp; he expected ALOT from his students (prolly cuz he wanted to beat Munirs section with the group projects). Great lectures and teaches in a way you'll understand. And theyre all on class capture, I rewatched them to write more notes. For the group project, be prepared for lots of stress, pick your team wisely!
2.5 : Projects are way too difficult for the level of this course. He's incredibly intelligent, but doesn't communicate his ideas well. Cool guy, maybe take him for upper level classes. This is a good science gen ed for business majors though!
5.0 : Great teacher. Actually enjoyable to listen to in lectures. Give in-class exercised with step by step instructions. assignments are a bit tougher, but follow the exercises and the power points and you will do fine. He tells you what to expect on the exams.
5.0 : Great teacher. Do not take this class unless you expect to be challenged. It's rewarding overall, but there will definitely be moments of frustration. Dr. Schuff will help you with any questions you have. I.e. very responsive.
5.0 : Great clarity in the way he teaches the course. Very elaborate and is always available if you need clarity on assignment, or just want to learn more about what he is teaching.
4.0 : Prof. Schuff has great intentions, and his lectures are good to be in. The one issue I have with him is that his grading is extremely tough. He nitpicks the smallest, but it's understandable. His assignments aren't as hard as people say, as long as you go over the PP and guidelines. Study a lot - it's not a course you can fly by.
5.0 : Clarity in explaining concepts. His readings are short and precise too. Prepare to do readings every week, as he expects a weekly summary. But also prepare to be enlightened. One of the very good professors I've had.
4.5 : Great Class, attendance is not mandatory but will help increase your quiz grades. His papers are like max 500 words. Don't let his dry British humor alarm you, he really is a nice guy. Also if you go to office hours he will give you extra credit!
5.0 : TAKE HIM.  Easy and the topics are interesting.  He never checks attendance and he has interesting views on all the topics we discuss.  If you're looking for a great and easy Gen-Ed this is it.
4.5 : Great professor. Only had a total of 4 quizzes, not that challenging. His lectures, view of the world are very analytical and objective.  Helps you if go to his office hours.
5.0 : Excellent professor, especially for first semester Spanish. Class was a lot of fun and very interesting. Was able to bring along those who never spoke Spanish before and keep those there for a refresher course interested. If there was a complaint, it would be that some people got As that were terrible at Spanish... but that's none of my business.
3.5 : She is a great person, very funny and down to Earth. However, she cancelled a solid 80% of our classes (most of the time, they were made up online). She doesn't assign too much work and the work we do get isn't difficult.
3.5 : She missed a lot of classes and a lot of them ended up being onine.  The papers still haven't been graded from the first part of the semester but she is a great professor and I don't mind going to class. She is super friendly and enjoys hearing peoples opinions.  Tests are super easy, too.  A few assignments were a bit of busy work but most is fine
4.0 : very nice, easy grader
5.0 : Professor Cypher is really nice!! She cares about her students and super easy going. Lecture and class was great. Use different activities to help us understand the concept of books.
4.5 : Professor Cyphers is a very helpful and kind teacher. I took her course online and was surprised at how much I enjoyed it. She loves interaction and always replies to emails. She likes to incorporate technology to make the course more interactive, and the assignments were pretty reasonable!
4.0 : I'm currently taking her IH 0851 class online now. Although the assignments are pretty easy as I feel as if there are too many for a gen ed class. The class is broken into 4 units each with a required typically one page  reflection on both books followed by a 4 page paper where you must relate both books. Also she had yet to grade my turned in hw.
3.0 : She misses class at least once a week sometimes twice and is super easy with grading. On the rare occasion that you do have class she's really nice and funny and prompts discussion.
5.0 : Carrie is an amazing professor! She's funny, carring, and her course is SUPER easy to pass!! Her quizes and exams are so esay just as long as you read the assignments. Most of the time you didn't even need the books assigned for the course, save your money, and just google the summary and wright down notes because the quizes are open notes!
2.5 : ENTIRELY TOO MUCH WORK for a general ed. Avoid if possible because she gives too many assignments plus 'busy assignments' and has yet to grade any of them more that halfway done the class.
4.0 : Cyphers is one of the most funny and caring professors I've had at Temple. Tries to make the class as fun as possible and is very lenient with most grading. Takes attendance, but the light difficulty level of the class makes it ok. Would recommend HIGHLY to anyone taking Mosaics. Would take again.
4.5 : I've only had him for about a month but he's a pretty good professor. There is little-no class participation so there's no interaction amongst students because he pretty much lectures the entire time. However, I can tell that he's super motivated about the class and genuinely interested in the books. Mosaic II isn't too bad so far.
4.5 : Amazing teacher. Obviously loves English. Barely went to class got an A. If you didn't get an A it was your fault. 2 exams. 2 simple papers. Pretty much open note/ laptop quizzes. Extremely helpful and understanding. He gets that Mosaics is a requirement and wants to make it as enjoyable as possible for you. Very cool guy definitely take him!
3.0 : I don't like the way he sets up the class at all. Mosaics is supposed to be discussion based but all he does is lecture for the entire class. He just likes to hear himself talk honestly. The class is such a joke and it's so painful to sit through. He's a nice dude but I wouldn't recommend him if you get bored easily.
4.0 : Tends to focus on certain parts of the book and neglects other parts in his lectures. Really reading heavy course. Is working on using a different teaching method so his classes may be less lecture heavy in the future.
4.0 : Great person overall. He is really passionate about teaching and takes it serious. He loves literature and is very nice. He extends due dates for just about every assignment. He wants everyone to pass. The class was very easy, couple of open book quizzes, 2 papers and a midterm. Easy A.
5.0 : Really great guy! He is very passionate about what he is teaching.  He genuinely cares about his students and their success.  If you have trouble with any assignment he will go out of his way to help you.  The course load is very light.  You don't need to purchase books because he explains them during lecture.
4.0 : Good ol Martin. He has really weird and random non-sequiturs he will bring up constantly. He puts emphasis on words in the middle of sentences and shouts. However, he's engaging and super passionate. If you know anything at all about literature and mention it in class, he'll like you immediately. He grades super easy and it's an easy A.
4.5 : TAKE HIM. Professor Orzeck is an incredibly fair man and easy grader. A quiz on every book , midterm, 2 papers, and final and they are not hard at all. Class can get a tad boring but it's mosaics. Do what you can and take him. Super nice guy and is very understanding with assignments and turn in dates.
5.0 : Mr. Orzeck is an awesome guy!  He is an easy, outgoing and 100% fair teacher.  As long as you do the assignments and show up to class there is no reason why you wouldn't get A or B grade.  I loved him.  Wish I could have him for every class!!!
5.0 : Prof. Orzeck was great. He understands that mosaics is a requirement for all majors so  he doesn't really make it hard for his students. There are two papers, two exams, and once a week quizzes that are extremely easy. Everything he says in class you can use for your papers, all the quizzes are preps for the midterm and final. Very chill
5.0 : Very nice professor. Always willing to help.
5.0 : Orzeck is the sweetest professor/teacher I have taken in a few years! If you don't pass his class with an A, you clearly did something wrong on your part.   Just please don't take advantage of him!
5.0 : LOVE HIM!!!! best teacher in the biology department. Tropical Marine Bio is an awesome class. the trip to Belize is amazing and dr. sanders was the best teacher to go on it with. super helpful, hilarious, and really connects with all of his students. Wish I could take this class again
5.0 : Professor Santivanez is one of the best professors that I ever had. She really does care about her students. She's an easy grader. Participation does matter for her class, but you'll be fine if you raise your hand once or twice a class. She's an incredible professor and I learned so much from her.
5.0 : She is the cutest professor ever! She really does care about her class. As someone who has always hated spanish class, I would absolutely take her class again. She makes you participate but at the same time makes you feel comfortable. She does a lot of different activities to help you learn. You'll work for your grade but you'll also learn!
5.0 : Professor Santivanez is an awesome professor! She cares about her students and grades fairly. She thoroughly covers every chapter and makes sure the students understand.
5.0 : Priscilla is not worried about tests and quizzes. She truly wants her students to learn and understand the material, without stressing about grades! Lovely lady and anyone would be lucky to have her.
4.5 : Professor is very helpful. Very open and she is funny. Not your average teacher. She post announcements every step of the way so you're alwaya up to date. Quiz are very easy if you use your notes and reading.
4.0 : Priscilla is really nice, but the class can be pretty boring. She doesn't care about tests and quizzes and she designs her syllabus so you can get some bad grades and still do very well. 3 Quizzes and they're all online and open book. Also 4 "Short Assignments" and 2 "Long-Term Assignments." She also will move due dates if someone asks. She's nice!
5.0 : Best Prof I had at Temple.  Learned way more in an one hour online class then any other class I took over the length of my degree.  Overall good guy and I wish I could go buy him a beer!
3.0 : MY FINAL GRADE ISN'T WHAT I EXPECTED, BUT AT LEAST I PASSED THE CLASS, WHICH I AM HAPPY FOR
4.0 : He's definitely a nice guy, very laid back and easy. I had him for a 2.5 hour night class and he lectures the class very well. He always tried to get us out of class early as possible. Strongly recommend him! Easy class
2.0 : He kind of yells when he teaches. You can literally read the slide shows, do the homework and never go to class, except when you have like a test or something and pass with flying colors.
5.0 : Easy A if you pay attention to his lectures. He is a very patient prof.
1.0 : Maybe if the professor showed up to class once in a while I could have learned at least something. Teaching duty is left to TAs and is possibly the worst run class I've taken. Every class is a group presentation. Class requires no effort. Attendance required (if the sign in sheet makes it to you!)
1.0 : Worst class I have ever taken at Temple or anywhere else. TAs and the professor constantly berate the class for not being engaged while every single class is either a long boring student presentations that are just textbook readings pasted in powerpoint.
4.5 : Jay is the BEST! I loved his class. He is very knowledgeable. Jay is extremely helpful and he genuinely cares about each and every one of his students. He helps students improve themselves in the field. He's like a fun uncle lol
4.0 : The class is a joke, so don't expect to learn a ton. Jay has tons of experience and he makes sure you know it. Otherwise, he is one of the nicest guys you'll meet at Temple. He will help you both in and outside of the class room to the best of his ability. Unfortunately, he's just an amazing person who wasn't meant to teach.
4.0 : Jay is a straight shooter, and a good guy. He is a perfect embodiment of a salesman and takes pride in what he does. He calls himself, "Easy A Jay", but I am skeptical of this. I finished with an A- but really had to work for it. Assignments were easy, but Midterm and Final were both really hard. Overall, Jay is a really good guy and a good choice.
5.0 : One of the best, if not THE best prof. I've taken in 4 yrs as a psych major. Content is, well expected, as a psych class. DUH! Lecture is always engaging and interesting. He is always willing to repeat himself patiently and cares if you actually understand. So helpful in his teaching style!
3.5 : Awesome professor. If you show up and pay attention, you'll pass. Take advantage of the extra credit - it's very generous!   Oh yeah - and he's hot. Ugh.
5.0 : So great! So smart! He was on Brain Games! Lots of experiment demonstrations, which make lectures really fun. He'll remember your name after talking to you once and it'll make you swoon because he's so dreamy. Tests are completely lecture-based and he offers generous extra credit.
4.0 : Dr. Chein was amazing as a professor. His lectures were fun and experimental, and he was willing to help me whatever I needed. He remembered my name after asking me how my exam was the first time I took it, and his explanations of topic material were interesting and clear. I would not skip lecture; it was essential to understanding the material.
4.5 : No textbook is necessary!!! All his notes are on powerpoints and he outlines what you need to know for each test. There's very little homework and he doesn't take attendance, but show up to take notes because his slides can be vague. He's passionate and cares about each of his students, even if the lectures can get a little dry!
5.0 : GOAT. Best professor on the face of the Earth. The LeBron James of teaching. The Peyton Manning of the classroom (Tom Brady sucks). Coolest guy. I learned more in this class than I have learned my entire life prior.
5.0 : The skills test for forehand, backhand, and serving are all challenging. You must be experienced at tennis to get an A, otherwise expect a C. He is a very fun, nice guy that cares about his students. You will have fun in the class.
5.0 : Debbie is one of the best professors I've had at Temple. A lot of work for class and NewShoes is definitely annoying. But I learned a lot from the class and she is one of the nicest professors ever. She's always willing to help you so as long as you put in the effort you'll do great!
2.0 : waaaay Overrated! too many weekly assignments for one class, doesn't teach anything in class covered on quizzes, paying for a class to teach yourself
4.5 : I enjoyed this class, wasn't super ecstatic about it but she kept class conversations interesting. There's a group commentary, and a group project on New Shoes that is super annoying. Make sure you keep up with the readings to do well on your group presentation and paper. There are also multiple assignments due weekly and participation is important
2.5 : SHE IS REALLY NICE AND A FAIR GRADER BUT WAAY TOO MANY ASSIGNMENTS DUE EACH WEEK AND EVEN MORE TOWARDS THE END OF THE SEMESTER. ONLINE ATTENDANCE WAS "OPTIONAL" BUT GRADED. SHE DOES NOT TEACH AT ALL DURING THE ONLINE WEBEX . YOU LISTEN TO OTHER STUDENTS COMMENTARIES THE WHOLE HOUR AND A HALF, EVERY WEEK.
5.0 : I thought I'd dread having to participate in an online class, but she makes class kinda fun overall since the discussions are interesting. The online class is entirely what you make of it. The workload is very fair and the material is easy so the only real work you have to put in is for the group project. I wish I could take her for another class.
5.0 : Summer class was a lot of work because it's condensed into 6 weeks, but was well worth it.  A lot of the lecture time is class discussion, and Debbie keeps the conversations interesting.  If you want to actually learn something instead of just going through the motions, take a class with her.  She's also a good person to know at FOX.
5.0 : Maybe it was because I took it in the summer, but this was one of the easiest and laid back classes I've taken at Fox
5.0 : This class was structured really well.  It's an condensed summer course, so yeah, it's a decent amount of work, but nothing out of the ordinary.  Debbie will help you throughout the class as well as the rest of your college career.  I was apprehensive about online but it was well worth it.  If you have the chance, take a class with her.
5.0 : Obviously you don't have much choice if you're thinking about taking Hebrew - as of right now she is the only teacher. However, she was the most kind, and most sincere teacher I had at Temple. She is there for you, plain and simple. Mid-term and Final are both take-home. I have so much respect for this teacher, I really can't tell you...
5.0 : Ilana is a fantastic professor! She really takes the time to help the students understand the Hebrew. She teaches at a slow place because she wants everyone to understand what she is saying. She is ALWAYS more than willing to take the time after or before class to help you with questions about the course. She really cares about her students.
5.0 : Mrs. Margolis is a really awesome professor. She is from Israel and really knows the slang language that day to day Israelis speak. She cares how well you do in class. Expect homework because she wants you to be ingrained with knowledge. Great professor!!
5.0 : take home midterm and final - one oral final - which is beyond easy. if you skip a class she doesn't care. you could go the whole class not talking because she doesn't make you talk unless you raise your hand.  don't ask a question about something you will learn in 2001, or 2002 though because she won't answer it.
4.5 : She is a great professor. I had her for 3 levels of Hebrew. I already took hebrew prior to college, but she still taught me things I didn't know. Because of my previous background I was able to move at a fast pace and her class was quite slow, but the slow pace really solidifies what she teaches you
5.0 : Ilana is a good professor and incredibly kind. She repeats herself a lot, so it is possible to learn a lot in her class. Really nice person and approachable.
4.0 : 4 quizes in class. midterm and final are take home and they consist of 2 paragraphs. one oral final at the end of the semster.  super easy.
5.0 : Amazing professor, made me feel comfortable participating in class, and always had interesting topics to discuss. Easy class if you do the work, participate, and ask for help. Overall he is a great guy!
5.0 : Really great teacher, I'm convinced she's the best CJ Stats teacher you could take. She explains things very well and is over all very laid back and kind. Definitely take her class if you have the chance!
5.0 : She is amazing! Very helpful on homework and very helpful before exams gives reviews. She explains her lab pretty well and shes very helpful after class or email her. She is so funny makes many jokes. It was fun taking her class. Defiantly  would recommend.
4.5 : Such a great professor! He's beyond helpful and is willing to help you in any way he can. If you need help ask for it and he will do what he can to help you. The class is easy. Just make sure you actually watch the course videos for the content quizzes.
5.0 : Awesome online capstone class, Dr. Blau is the man take him, you won't be disappointed.
5.0 : Blau is a true gem. Brings a candy bag weekly and so kind. Lectures are easy and cheesy and books were helpful. Sort of like a self-development class. Participation is VITAL for a good grade- try to participate at least once a class. Group project collecting survey data, which should be fine if you can try to get hardworking group members.
5.0 : Class was pretty easy. For hw assignments, he's very specific about what he wants. Make sure you answer all parts of the question. Most of it was common sense. For exams, make sure you do the review sheet. &amp; if i rem correctly, you need to participate at least 35 times to get an A in participation. But that might change from semester to semester.
3.0 : He's a nice professor and discussions are very interesting when we have them. A majority of the class though consists of a huge project using Qualitrics (a Statistics database). It's a huge headache and not relevant to the course at all. He also has 3 individual papers, 5 journals, &amp; 2 HARD online exams (one of which is scheduled over break)!
4.0 : Dr. B is super nice and understanding of his students. Overall, the class is not hard. The tests were a bit harder than expected however. 2 tests, a semester long group project. Requires books for papers, but they are all on hold at the library.
5.0 : Wow! What an awesome professor that practices what he preaches. Great class videos. Professor Blau is a perfect example of someone being emotionally intelligent. Did not enjoy group project. Exams are hard. BUT, I learned so much in his class - being self aware... I would definitely recommend Blau to you. Great person!
5.0 : Professor Deacle was the bomb diggity! He was hilarious and made class interesting for all of us. As long as you did the readings and the homework, you did absolutely fine in the class. If there was something you didn't understand, he was always willing to help you out. Fortunately, I will having him as one of my professors next semester too!
1.0 : Perhaps one of the least useful classes you will take in Public Health. Textbook isn't worth buying and she's very out of touch with her students. If I could do it again, I would take this class with a different professor. She takes the class way too seriously and "teaches" about common knowledge
5.0 : Best Professor I've ever taken. She's brilliant, she has so much to offer criminal justice students especially those heading into law. Her class isn't easy but if you pay attention and ask questions you can do so well. Ive taken her three times and gotten an A in every class. Shes fantastic. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : she'll help you hit the high notes, and then she'll give you solid life advice. she won't let you play without passion or perform a recital looking like a housefrau. if you think sex and flute playing are separate, think again. and if you rate her, don't forget the hotness score.
5.0 : He's amazing. He covers a lot of real-life topics and doesn't sugar coat a thing. I learned so much in this class and he made me want to learn more.
5.0 : I loved this class. The language he uses can be a little difficult to understand but he will explain what it is that he meant. You will have reading assignments but they are really to help you to engage in the class. He really cares about if students are understanding the concepts. There are a few 1pg papers and a final 5-6pg paper.
3.0 : Professor Amini was not the most interesting person to listen to for a lecture, but she was really nice and helpful when you went to her office. There were only 2 tests and a take home final, so you really have to study. Tests were hard. The material was kind of interesting, but could have been taught with more enthusiasm. Maybe would take again.
4.5 : whole class is basically quest lecturers from Medical Schools. Amazing class though. You learn A LOT about viruses and its very medically relevant. The tests are super tough and cover A LOT of material. Need to spend at least a week studying for tests. Final was take home essay. BEST BIO CLASS AT TEMPLE EVER. LOVED IT SO MUCH!!!! (btw no txtbk)
2.5 : I was interested in this class. First test is cake. Second test is more difficult, lots of molecular bio and genetics-y q's. Tests are multiple choice with some essay questions, extra credit offered for answering an extra question. Final was take home,  didn't really understand it. It was interesting so I'd recommend it.
4.0 : Dr. Amini is so sweet and kind. She is so helpful in office hours and explains everything thoroughly. The tests were ok, but you had to study hard. The first test was the easiest. Guest lecturers are sometimes boring. The final counted more than your midterms if you do really well on it. I highly recommend going to her for the final.
5.0 : One of the teachers you want to stand up and applaud when he is done teaching! Even if you have no interest in law you should take just to be blessed by his presence. Have the highest and upmost respect for this man! SO funny and nice. Love him. 10/10.
4.0 : Fair grader. You learn a lot of essential skills. Online textbook is mandatory and slightly expensive. Lots of homework but not difficult; easy grade booster. She's very nice and makes class comfortable and fun.
5.0 : Ms. Dubon is awesome. She's very excited about teaching Spanish and makes it fun. Can be a little overwhelming when she speaks Spanish in class, but it is for the class benefit. So helpful and explains things very well.
5.0 : The connect homework can be very annoying but Prof. Dubon is very good. Loves teaching spanish and is very helpful. I would recommend her to anyone.
4.0 : Let me be clear: you will learn in this course. Even if you put in the minimum, you will still have to put in an effort to learn. She seems to grade pretty fairly (people who put in the effort get more consideration, it seems). She is very helpful and is not the kind of professor who continuously puts students on the spot. I would take her again.
1.0 : Professor moved too fast during presentations and didnt give a clear understanding or meaning of things she said
5.0 : Best English Teacher I have ever taken! He does one on one paper reviews which are EXTREMELY helpful. He's pretty much up on everything from current events, world history, American history. The man is a walking encyclopedia. Either you like his sense of humor or you don't, and if you don't you're just uptight. I'm rambling but he's GREAT, TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Professor Mellis is probably the best English Teacher I have ever taken! He does one on one paper reviews which are EXTREMELY helpful. He's pretty much up on everything from current events, world history, American history. The man is a walking encyclopedia. Either you like his sense of humor or you don't, I personally do. He's GREAT, TAKE HIM!
5.0 : A real stand-up guy. Funny and sincere, assigns understudied books by authors from subjugated cultures that get lost in the flurry of the survey classes. Will get personally insulted if he thinks no one in the class has read. Open to pretty much any interpretation that does not contradict history, and really just wants to know that you care and try
4.5 : Really a great professor. Great sense of humor, easy going, fairly relaxed homework assignments. If you have the opportunity to take his classes, do it. (note: He was my professor at WPUNJ, not Temple)
4.0 : funny,fascinating but brilliant
3.0 : competent,caring, compassionate,humor radically unique and fiercely intelectual
4.0 : skip class without permission? you re in trouble very accessible outside class. brilliant but mostly cares about your academic progress
5.0 : kind,caring,deep and philosophical
4.5 : Great guy!
5.0 : Dr. Emeka is a great person in the true definition of the word. He is a open, direct, kind, open-minded, inclusive, and most importantly knowledgeable.
4.0 : I can say I ve taken three classes from him. He is very bright and infuses all disciplines from ethics,psychology,law,religion and cultural diversity in almost all his teaching. He realy cherishes your own experience and background as critical in the knowleding process. He  frowns at lateness to his class and appreciates intense arguments and parti
5.0 : If you need rubrics and structure, I suggest taking another professor. He grades mostly on participation, but that isn't difficult because he is amazing at giving interesting lectures and convincing people to engage with them. I was never bored and the few assignments we did have were super easy. I highly suggest taking him.
5.0 : Dr. Emeka is a one of a kind professor you would love to get to know from a professional and personal standpoint. He's very lenient and cares about his students between the interaction of communication applied to the everyday life experience. He expects you to be in class and mute away from the world especially your phones. Well recommended!
4.5 : He is an awesome instructor. Learned more from him than anybody else.
5.0 : Good dude.
4.5 : For ROTC cadets, this class is ridiculously easy. He is a hilarious guy and posts all of the powerpoints online. Most of his lectures are common knowledge, but if you're new to the military lifestyle, you learn a lot about army values, ranks, and ROTC. Midterm was 20 questions, got an A. Really enjoy taking his class, can't wait for MLSC 1002!
3.0 : LOTS AND LOTS OF READINGS!!!!! Not only that, but 10-20 mandatory, graded questions per reading. He's pretty chill on grading as long as you put in the effort. Easy to talk too. Takes FOREVER to post questions that go along with readings though. Makes it hard on the weekends to do homework if you work. Usually won't post until late Saturday.
1.0 : Literally, all you do for this class is keep on writing papers.
4.0 : really laid back dude. We had readings due every class (not too bad) and study questions that are easy points from them. he is a slow grader.  he talks most of the class and doesnt force anyone to discuss back which makes the class kind of boring. He is an easy essay grader and we were exempt from the final essay if our average was already high
5.0 : Lynne is a wonderful person and teacher. Do your work or she'll call you right out. If you are serious about your craft, she will give so much energy, feedback, wisdom and love to her students. She creates a very collaborative environment and expects you to be present and active within it.
5.0 : Amazing professor. He obviously loves what he does and was truly invested in the course. Lectures were intriguing and he keeps you on your toes. One of the most intelligent men I've ever met and definitely my favorite class I've taken at Temple.
2.5 : Rushed through coursework, kept you past class times and went on tangents that had nothing to do with the material. Took a 2 month leave and expected us to complete the final with no formal review within A DAY of his return. Does not respond within a timely manner. Too busy with outside obligations to be teaching in my opinion.
5.0 : I love Professor Culver. She is extremely knowledgeable and clearly passionate about children's media. The work is very manageable, even though it's a writing intensive class. She sets very clear guidelines and has super specific instructions. I did not expect to like the class so much. Sherri is great, and very well dressed too.  Take her!
3.5 : She is a nice teacher but man, oh man...the writing assignments that she gives you are over the top! Be ready to type at least 20 pages in this class, and that doesn't include the time that you also have to devote to research for all the citations that you have to include in your papers. If you don't like writing research papers, don't take her!
5.0 : Very informational and fun Professor and class. Readings can be a bit much but for the most part very interesting. Class is better when people engage in
5.0 : He is super knowledgable and nice! He only took attendance a few times randomly, which counted. Lots of extra credit. Very lecture based, we had 5-6 T/F pop quizzes from it, he drops the lowest grade. Two easy papers, one was a 3000 research paper but on any religion topic you want. One short presentation. Easy A that you could do HW in!! Take him.
3.5 : Easy A! His quizzes are T or F. There is only a midterm and final (there is crossword, short answer, etc) and he posts it on BB before the exam and shows it during class time. Loves his students and brings us on field trips
4.0 : He made the class interesting. There were about 5 or less T or F pop quizzes, maybe about two papers on a movie we have to watch outside of class, a (5 pg?) paper on a sacred space we went to and a very tedious paper (about 10 pgs) on a topic of our choice along with a presentation (depending on ur last name) on which paper u had to present.
5.0 : Knowledgeable, passionate, excellent lecturer, inspirational. Attendance is mandatory but you'll want to go anyway. Classes are that interesting. Books and movies are relevant and engaging. Would take again. Highly recommended. FYI: I'm not even a religion major!
5.0 : By far the best professor i've had at Temple! Super interesting so he won't bore you and super easy tests/quizzes if any.
5.0 : Terry rey is the man, favorite prof at temple! Take him for Religion in Philly, Easy a, easy pop quizzes, one 2 page paper and one 5 page paper! He cancelled the midterm on us!!! He is the man and makes his lectures very interesting! learned alot in his class.
5.0 : EASIEST A EVER!! TAKE THIS CLASS! Got excused from the final for getting A's on everything. you don't have to pay attention at all and he is the nicest guy
3.5 : Absolutely loved this prof. Knows so much on the subject of religion and Philadelphia for that matter. Such a great teacher and is excited to teach. A few pop quizzes during the semester. Two research papers only. Sometimes not clear on things like having extra credit questions for the test.  No tests!! Midterm and final are essay responses.
5.0 : Great prof. Very understanding. Knows the Dalai Lama personally and does voodoo.
5.0 : He's a very understanding professor. He allows up to 3 absents. There's 2 papers and one presentation but you don't have to stand up and do it. He also gives pop-quizzes but sometimes tells us a day or two before. For finals and midterms, he gives you the questions a few days before, but for my class he "cancelled" the mid-term and final.
4.5 : Such an inspirational guy! He's had so many interesting experiences and is so passionate and knowledgeable about religion and history. We took a few field trips to nearby religious spaces, which was cool. Weekly (long) readings w occasional pop quizzes. Midtern &amp; final, one short informal paper, one 3000 word research paper. Worth it
3.5 : Religion in Philly is the easiest class I took at Temple so far. Don't expect much. Just go to class. Its the easiest A. There are only a couple of assignments, easy quizzes, midterm and final that you can have a cheat sheet and he posts the exam on blackboard the night before (it has a crossword) and a long paper at the end. TAKE THIS!!!!
4.0 : Dr. Rey was excellent. The readings were long but the you learn  a lot from the class. The one test that we had he sent out to the class the night before as a study guide if that doesn't say enough. Best part about his class is that he is one of the most interesting people you will ever meet. Trust me, he's great.
4.5 : The best teacher I've ever had. He's had a very interesting life, and is one of the most open minded, understanding people I've met. Definitely recommend taking his class. Eye opening.
4.0 : Good professor. Just have to do 5 responses to readings (out of 15), one project, a presentation for class and a take home final. Interesting class too!
5.0 : Prof. Moudry is such an amazing professor, he is always there for you in case you have any problem, very understanding and laid back As long as take the effort 4 your assignments. His lectures are diffidently interesting and inspiring. Makes you always wanna go to class and never get bored. He also give classes at CCP  Definitely taking him again
4.0 : I took him for English 102 back in fall 2013. He is wonderful! very interesting and he actually seems like he cares. I recommend him, as terrible as I am in English I still got an A.
5.0 : Very helpful and fun to have class with. Willing to help anyone, just contact through email.
4.5 : I took him for media production. He was a great guy! Cindy, his lab professor, on the other hand was my favorite part of the course. I was definitely one of the more of the non-experienced kidsof the class and got an A.... I had a 92 and I guess he saw the effort I put in and he rounded me to a 94. So the class is great as long as you put work in.
5.0 : Quizzes are easy, three group projects, gives good feedback, easy to talk to during office hours, WILL bump your grade up if you're borderline between two grades and you worked really hard over the semester (Finished with a 93.15, gave me an A in stead of A-)
3.5 : This is the only teacher that I have ever written a review for...Though you will learn in his class, he plays so many favorites it is not even funny.  He does not care if you gain experience in the industry and does not make "inexperienced" people better.  He caters only to his favorites and does not care to give everybody a fair opportunity.
4.0 : Matt is super friendly and he makes his lectures fun and amusing. However, you really have to pay attention to all of the things that he wants because he's pretty tough when he's grading. He really knows his stuff and you'll learn a lot from him. After literally the first two classes I was already seeing improvement in my abilities.
1.0 : He seems cool at first but he's the most HARSH grader I've ever had. Also his jokes are LAME.
4.5 : I had Matt Fine for MSP 2701 he is an amazing professor. He cares about his students and is sure to go over everything anyone needs. His lab instructor Cindy is awesome! Some students say she didn't help much but I learned a number of things from her in this introductory course.
4.0 : Really enjoyed his lectures. He kept the class interesting by bringing in professionals from our field of study which was helpful. Labs were enjoyable, but all projects were group projects. If your group is cool and you all get along you'll have a great time with the class. Never dreaded going to this class I really liked it and Professor Fine.
4.5 : he is awesome
4.0 : He's a cool Professor. His powerpoints are helpful and he uploads them on BB.
4.5 : Great professor. Great class. He made lectures fun with lots of information. Group projects  are also so much fun! I learned a lot in this course and would recommend to anyone!
4.5 : Matt Fine is a great professor. He's hilarious, which is a bonus. Group projects suck, and Cindy doesn't really help much, but if you ask him for help, he'll help you. The best setting to talk to him is his office. Tests are easy.
4.0 : I actually really liked his lectures. He shows plenty of clips and incorporated all kinds of visuals to coincide with his talking. He posts the pptx online, so the textbook isn't entirely necessary but he says it's good if you need last minute answers when studying for a test. Matt's pretty chill, i'd take him again.
4.5 : Great teacher, had him for college algebra and he was a very chill and fair dude.  For example, if you got a question wrong on a test, he would still give you credit for showing worktrying.  Probably the best 1021 teacher.
4.0 : Took this class 2 times before and failed. First test I took w. Ray as my teacher I got an A  as well as A's on my quizzes. Best math teacher I've had at temple so far! Do the homework, review class notes, you'll be fine
4.0 : Mr. Favocci was a great teacher. Like many others, I'm not a big fan of math. He's very good at breaking it down starting from the start and making sure everyone understands it. He gives homework out of the textbook  but it is for your own good, not graded. The grading comes from weekly quizzes and a few tests.
5.0 : Ray is the best college professor I have had yet, especially in math. He is clear and concise in the lecture but also gives opportunities to clarify any sections that students need help with. He is always at office hours, however if he is not on campus he will send you a pdf with the solution to any problem you need. Highly recommend him.
4.0 : He's a great teacher. Goes over the hw every time and is very clear when he teaches. If you do the hw, you'll do fine on the tests.
5.0 : Favocci is definitely the best college algebra that Temple offers. He goes over any question from the homework and answers any questions students may have. He is a really nice guy and he makes for a chill environment. Do the homework problems and you wont have a problem on the tests or quizzes but show up to class
4.5 : Temples math dept. in general is rough since it is all standardized but Ray makes it more bearable. He goes over hw, answers questions and posts the lectures outlines online on blackboard. I would deff take again, he is the best math professor Ive had at Temple so far.
5.0 : Great teacher, always looked forward to her class. Had to read articles for each class, and a quiz was taken based on the article/book.  The real difficulty were the papers but she was always more than willing to help in any way she could. Really easygoing, for the most part the topics were interesting, wants you to engage.
4.0 : I took Prof. Stringer after reading other rate my professor reviews and I definitely think it was a good choice considering what I have heard about other professors. She is chill, understands that the class is boring so she tries to make it interesting, and is very helpful on papers. I would definitely recommend her for ENG 802
5.0 : I LOVE HER! She is witty in an adorable way. She also gives very good feedback and tries her best to make the feedback sounds positive and supportive. Her essay prompt is quite general and confusing, but I don't mind as it helps me evolve as a thinker. Compare to other prof, she doesn't require you to read much. Lovely lady! Def take her again!
4.0 : Dorothy is great. Students call her by first name basis. Gives amazing feedback for portfolio papers. Likes people who participate so participate bc its an easy grade boosters. Lots of article reading like other eng802 classes. By the end I would just skim so I could contribute somewhat to convo. Weekly quizzes on readings after disscussion.
1.0 : basically you need to have office hours with her to know what she wants you to do   attendance: yes reading: quite a lot , normally 10-20 a4-pages texts, sometimes above 20 quizzes:  yes, once a week, so make sure you revise your readings  she expects quite a lot from her students, so just put some efforts in and you'll be fine
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had so far! She's very chilled in classes but can be a real tough grader. But she's always willing to help, and if you follow her feed backs, you'll definitely do well.
4.0 : Dr. Stringer was one of the nicest professors I've had at Temple so far. No tests. Only 3 papers compiled into a portfolio at the end of the semester, a quiz every day based on the reading for that day, and a grammar homework every week. She can be a bit dorky, but in a fun, easy-going way. I'd definitely take her class again if I could.
4.5 : Professor Stringer was definitely one of the most understanding professors I have had so far at Temple.  She tries her absolute hardest to make her class interesting even the painfully boring grammar sections.  She's really dorky but I mean that in the best way, she embraces it and it makes for a fun class. I definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Stringer is a really great professor. She does quizzes every week but she basically goes over them in class. Attendance is mandatory so they shouldn't be a problem. Readings are all online. You have to meet with her for drafts but she's really good at giving feedback. She's super cool
4.5 : She is actually awesome. If you have the chance to take any english class taught by her, take the opportunity. She's helpful, funny, smart,  and she tries to make every class as interesting as possible and takes into consideration every student's feelings. She is the best.
4.0 : Not the easiest course ever but definitely was a pleasure to attend. Discussion is encouraged in her class and you have to participate. Might be a tough grader but it's also possible that my essays just weren't A quality.
4.0 : This class was super easy it was just a lot of work. You have to read because she does not tell you everything in her lectures. Very nice and respectable lady. Brought in a lot of speakers and truly wants her students to succeed in life. I wish I took advantage of her extra credit. Very moral person old fashion manners.
4.0 : I really learned a lot throughout the course of this class. There are four tests that are relatively difficult but if you study for them you should do well. The assignments she gives are pretty easy as long as you take the time to answer the questions adequately.
5.0 : Nelson is great! Class is mandatory but she keeps you entertained with her stories, and guest speakers. Her tests are actually a little challenging but fair. If you have any questions she gets right back to you. To quote her, "Believe you me" get her as your teacher!
4.0 : All her lectures in class are the same as her online videos. She also teaches till the end of class. You also don't need a textbook because her slides are very detailed and exam reviews are on blackboard. I had my class in the lecture hall in alter and all classes were recorded.
4.5 : Very sweet and helpful woman! Learn from her PP and you'll pass but do use the opportunity to get some extra credit (30-40 in total) read the WSJ since she'll test you on it! Start doing your projects well ahead of time and if you have an average of 6-7 pages of  detailed information related to the subject you can get 150150 but it'll take you +6h
4.0 : Great teacher! Great person! IF you are a business student, you have to take her class. There is work but it is very achievable. She is nice and great to talk to. A pretty easy class if u put in the work. 4 exams. no cumulative final.
4.5 : Best professor ever! She's kind and inspiring
1.0 : I took her per recommendation of a friend. She is very fake during lecture. She doesn't even move from the podium for a guest speaker. Our first exam grade average was a D. HRM is supposed to be the intro class to business, and it's supposed to be fairly easy. But she makes the exams extremely difficult.  If it wasn't for extra credit, i'd fail
5.0 : Kate Nelson is the sweetest teacher. She gives 4 tests and a final, but they're all really easy. She wants everyone to get an A. Also didn't make our class get textbooks
4.5 : Should be mostly common sense.
4.5 : Good, easy HR foundations class. Would definitely recommend. Class felt much shorter than it was, everything essential to passing posted online. No textbook for my class!!
4.5 : I think all HRM classes are going to suck no matter who you take, but definitely take it w/ Nelson. She's the best. 5 assignments, 4 exams, no final. A bunch of little video exercises &amp; quizzes. Don't buy the book. Just show up to class &amp; act like you're paying attention. Study the powerpoints for exams b/c they're the exact same!
3.0 : She tells funny stories but the lectures a little tedious, but i'd definitely recommend taking her she's cute
4.5 : Very good professor, looks out for her students. Complete the assignments and prepare for the exams and you'll be fine. Easy A.
5.0 : The content of class is really relate with my situation now. I learnt a lot for the class. The online video and articles are very good. And the professor provides the extra credits. It was great. She made the class more funny. She told a lot of her experience or stories which she heard from others. It was really interesting.
2.5 : Wow, I really don't know how people enjoyed this class and the professor. It is extremely easy but is equally boring and the professor just makes you want to leave the room. That is probably why only 50% of the students show up to each class. Now I know I do not want to major, minor, or concentrate in HRM thanks to this class and the professor.
3.0 : i have mixed feelings about kate. on one hand.. she's sweet, funny and inspirational, gives extra credit so much  but on the other hand.. the grading is so tough! i feel like she words the questions on the test so we can get them wrong. attendance is not mandatory however, i would suggest going because she gives points to those who attend most time
5.0 : Super easy A.  Our class only had two tests and they were both super easy.  No final, but one large group projects.  Weekly quizzes that are based on videos and articles that are kind of difficult but not worth much of your grade.  No attendance taken.
5.0 : Great lady, however lectures are very long. Knows A LOT about the industry and is good to have as a friendly mentor. Tests are hard and tend to trick people. Study the concepts hard (mostly application). Really just wants to help and get the information out for us to use. A few assignments but can be done the day of. Lenient of late assignments.
5.0 : Professor Nelson is great. She's engaging and fun and has a lot of experience. She teaches you about HRM and the business world in general. Very helpful and kind.
4.0 : I took Nelson for HRM and it was an easy A. Lectures are boring but they do 2 polls a class for attendance so just bear with it. The exams are all multiple choice and true/false and it isn't difficult. You will have to do one group project in this class and it's worth a decent amount of your grade. You're also given weekly online quizzes.
5.0 : She always tell stories and make sure take notes of her exam review and stories that she keep repeating each class. Useful for your input for exam.
5.0 : I love professor Nelson.  She has worked for various companies and she incorporates her experience into her lessons.  You can tell that she is EXTREMELY passionate about what she does and she wants to help you.  You just have to come to her since it's such a big lecture hall.
3.5 : Nelson is a very nice lady and is definitely approachable to ask for help or for any questions you may have. The one major downfall of her class is that it is not very clear what you need to do on an assignment in order to get a good grade. This gets very frustrating. She is very big on quantity over quality so make sure your responses are long.
4.0 : Good, to the point lectures that are relatively fun and not too long. Makes it easy to understand and retain the material. When you're taking the quizzes you will be surprised of how much you actually remember. Should be a fairly easy A. Learned a lot.
5.0 : Good teacher
4.0 : Nelson has had a lot of experience in the business world, and she has a lot of great insight. Plenty of good stories to hear. Watch out though, she is a crazy-tough grader! Be extremely specific in all homework answers. Be ready for the article quizzes. Tests can be tricky, so study the PowerPoints! Overall, pretty good class to take.
4.0 : She's very nice and I love how she connects her job experiences to the things she teaches in class.  The assignments are pretty easy but you'll get a better grade if you write longer responses.  The exams are multiple choice and they're a little difficult but not bad.  Very sweet lady and is a good connection to have.
3.0 : She gives a weekly quiz where sometimes you would have had to watch an hour long video on top of watching 3 other videos and reading 5 articles. Her tests have questions that were not discussed in class and almost everyone failed every test so there was usually a curve. She talks too much also.
4.5 : She is very clear with what we're learning in her power-points (they usually take up the entire class). When she wants to stress a point, she repeatedly tells us a story that relates to the concept to help us remember it. Assignments can sometimes take a bit of time, but are pretty easy. Exams are also easy to study for. The T is very helpful.
5.0 : Nelson is the best option for HRM. Her assignments are easy and clear. The class itself is boring, I slept through every one. She records lectures and makes power points available online. Attendance is mandatory, she uses Poll Everywhere to check but you can do it remotely if a friend lets you know when the poll is up. Weekly quizzes, no final.
5.0 : Very passionate about teaching and cares about her students. She tells funny, interesting, and personal stories the entire class. Theres a 10-problem quiz every week online based off readings/videos (about 1hr of your time). Theres 4 projects which are very simple and are easy A's! 4 Exams total (50MC questions each). Take her! You wont regret it!
5.0 : Professor Nelson is one of my favorite professors of all time. Her class is hard, despite what some may think about a lower-level business course, but it is worthwhile. I loved this class. I learned so much and Professor Nelson is incredibly helpful and kind. 10/10 would take this class or one of her classes again
5.0 : Kate is an OG. One of the thurlest professors. 100% recommend. Easy A as long as you do the work and study. You learn alot too! She even granted me extra time on an assignment because of personal reasons. Take her for HRM!
4.5 : Nelson is so nice &amp; the class is so easy, but her class can be boring!  You don't need to attend class, but sometimes she throws extra credit if there are only a few kids there, twice in my class. Take her over any HRM professor. She has so many connections in the business world and is a great contact to have! DONT BUY THE TEXTBOOK, U WONT USE It!
5.0 : Kate is an amazing woman. She is kind and very approachable if you have questions. There are four tests, which are somewhat difficult, and there is no final. She has so much experience and her stories offer valuable life lessons. I really enjoyed having her as an instructor.
5.0 : Kate is a great teacher, very chatty but super nice! Helps with work and explain things thoroughly! I really enjoyed taking her class
3.5 : Shes not a bad professor. You don't always have to go to class, but she does do random 5 point quizzes so try and figure out when they are if you're going to skip. she teaches off of a powerpoint so thats all you need to study.
5.0 : She's an awesome person and knows a lot about the business world, specifically HRM. BUT  I cannot stand her class in general. She puts everything online and there are mandatory videos to watch before class and she basically repeats exactly what the video said the next day in class. She says something that are so obvious and normal it gets annoying
4.0 : Professor Nelson is awesome. She is kind and really cares about the well-being of her students and what she is teaching. There are weekly quizzes and articles/videos to watch that aren't too bad. Assignments are easy and relevant. Tests can be kind of tricky but if you study, you'll be fine! I would definitely take her again :)
3.0 : Kate Nelson goes on and on about her personal stories and experiences. Her stories get rather long but always relate to the lecture. Speaking of lecture, she is so lecture heavy. Every class is a power point which she also makes you watch videos on for homework. You can skip a few classes with being okay. Tests tend to be very tricky so STUDY.
4.0 : Easy class, I could stay home from class every day of the semester and still learn as much as if I had actually gone to class. Tests can be a little confusing, so read the questions carefully. Assignments are lengthy, but there are only four and they are not hard. Group project is annoying, but you will survive. Take her for an easy A.
4.0 : This class is really easy and interesting. Most students don't listen to the lecture and are just on their macs scrolling on facebook. I feel bad that no one listens to the lecture but honestly they provided exam reviews on blackboard so it's easy. There is a weekly quiz on her online lecture videos. We also did a group project.
4.0 : Her lectures are painful to sit through. She goes on a lot of rants about companies she dislikes and her past work experience and it is sometimes painful to sit in her lectures. Tests are not too bad and she has 4 assignments which are lengthy but should be easy As. take her if you need an easy HRM professor because youre almost guaranteed a B
5.0 : Professor Nelson, is my favorite teacher I have ever had. She is super nice, intelligent, and knowledgeable about business. She cares about her students, and treats us like adults. She gives great lectures that business majors actually need to know, and knows not to teach non sense that won't help us. Take the class, do extra credit, she's awesome!
4.0 : Really good teacher with funny stories and actually very helpful. Classes can be kinda long sometimes and a little boring but the powerpoints are always online and you can have access to them whenever. she doesn't take attendance. never leave after a WSJ quiz. will sometimes call you out if you're talking and it's quiet. definitely recommend!!
3.0 : Professor Nelson is a really good teacher and loves teaching us all about Human Resources. She always brings in guest speakers who are all really interesting usually. She is funny and keeps class interesting. Her tests are moderately easy. Do not buy the text book. The study plan online helps with studying though, so I would purchase that.
5.0 : Super easy class, very fun woman who knows her stuff!!! Tests may be trickier than anticipated but still easy.
5.0 : Professor Nelson was the sweetest lady and always made the atmosphere of the classroom positive. Her years of experience shows through her lectures and when she gives examples of how course material will effect you in the business world. I would take her again. One ten-question quiz a week. 4 tests all together. 4 easy assignments. No textbook.
5.0 : She knows the materials really well, she is so knowledgeable. We don't have to buy the text book because she will post everything you need to study on Blackboard. You should definitely take her.
5.0 : Professor Nelson is a real gem. She is very intelligent and has a lot of corporate experience. Majority of the lectures are interesting, but at times can get boring. Tests can be a bit tricky, but if you pay attention in class and do some studying you should get an A. She takes attendance through Poll Everywhere, so you need to be there for that.
4.0 : Many people say this class is easy because it's an easy B. But if you want to work for an A, try to take a different professor. She grades on the bell curve so most people get C's and B's no matter what. Overall she's very nice and approachable and it's a good class for most people. Definitely take advantage of any extra credit offered.
4.0 : Nelson was very engaged in the lectures and did everything she could to make them as interesting as possible. Her tests were a little hard,but if you take the time to study and go to class you should be fine. Overall, she made HRM very enjoyable and gave great life lessons for the business world.
4.0 : Prof. Nelson was very clear with what she wanted from the beginning. Class is very lecture heavy and can get boring if you don't enjoy the material. There are polls each class to monitor participation. Tests are moderately difficult. Not easy, but not difficult.  You must study in order to get an A on the test, you won't pass if you won't study.
5.0 : Nelson is an HRM fanatic; she loves everything about it, and she loves teaching it even more. She tends to go off on tangents about her life, but they usually pertain to what is being presented in class. All classes are recorded online, and the powerpoints are posted online as well. She gives five big assignments, but they're not hard at all!
5.0 : Kate really cares about her students and wants them to do well. make sure you study for tests, quizzes and actually do the assignments. if you do, you'll get an A.
5.0 : This woman is like your really funny aunt who you can't stop laughing at. She makes class fun and informal while teaching serious, formal subjects. Easy online quizzes, fairly easy straightforward tests, and easy projects. If you show up and pay attention, you won't get anything lower than an A-. Only complaint was that my class size was so large.
4.0 : Cares about her students &amp; wants you to do well. Has a lot of experience within her field so she uses a lot of real life examples within her lectures, which keeps lectures interesting. Posts videos of the lectures and posts the slides from lecture as well but going to class will help you do better. Easy assignments &amp; tests aren't bad just detailed.
4.0 : I called her Ms. Subjective, because some of the answers on the quizzes and exams were very subjective and strangely worded. The 4 assignments took very long to do and were graded very tough. The exams weren't bad and the weekly quizzes were on videos that were in total about an hour long! Easy B, but not easy A. She gave a major final grade curve.
5.0 : Shes great! Amazing professor! Cares a lot about her students. Exams are exactly what you go over in class. Should be an Easy A
4.0 : Really nice and caring and is willing to help when you need it. Tests are pretty easy but I would def recommend studying if you want an A on them. Gives you a group project which is a pretty big grade and you need to do the online discussion board weekly as it is also graded. Offers extra credit. Generally an easy class and understanding professor
5.0 : Dr. Shen is by far the greatest Math professor out there.  Other teachers should learn from his way of teachings for real.
5.0 : David was a great professor, very easy to follow along with,brought in jokes to tell the class every day, and was just an overall nice person. I would recommend him to anyone
5.0 : He's one of my favorite professors at Temple. He will share bits and pieces of his personal life to make the class interesting. He's a great professor and makes sure everyone understands the material before moving on to the next step. Quizzes are short and easy. He grades for effort. Exams are cumulative but not that hard he teaches whats on them.
5.0 : Nancy is literally just the cutest and sweetest thing! She's so passionate about what she does, and she makes an effort to get to know every student in the class. She doesn't have a mean bone in her body, and she's super helpful and insightful when giving feedback on your performances. She still gives me a hug every time I see her!
3.5 : Really interesting guy, not really an interesting course. Does his best to keep students attentive. Pretty easy going and was  incredibly helpful to many students from what I know of.  Grading is a little weird but the course itself isn't that difficult. The only issue I had was that the test were poorly written. Again, wonderful guy.
4.0 : Riemer's got an upbeat personality and lots of real world stories to help bring the material to life. His grading is very subjective and his directions are not very clear at times, but see him during office hours and he'll be more helpful. Overall good guy.
5.0 : Great guy. He does a great job at keeping an otherwise boring subject interesting. He has a ton of experience in the field.
4.0 : Lectures are boring. Honestly, i dont learn anything in his class. the only thing he talks about is his experiences in his career. But he is such a nice and chill guy. He barely gives hw and the final is take home! I have a night class and we always get out early. exams are pretty easy. he tells you whats going to be on it. Easy A!
5.0 : Riemer is a really caring guy, and knows a lot about what he teaches. Class itself was not bad at all, just a couple different assignments and three exams plus a final, all of which he reviews in great detail prior. I would definitely take his class again.
4.0 : amazing person! the special assignments are hard but ask him a lot of questions via email. he likes when he can see people thinking. When he grades, he only gives credit for what he thinks is the right answer. Knows a lot about his field and gives great advice. I would take him again. Participate and ask questions
5.0 : Dr. A was wonderful. I took her for physical geology and thoroughly enjoyed it, while learning a lot. It isn't an easy class but if you like the subject matter and take her study guides seriously you should have no problem passing the class. I recommend attending lecture because there is a lot on the tests. Helpful and would take again. Got an A
4.0 : Professor Allison was a really great professor. She makes all the powerpoint available to you on blackboard and makes the class very easy. She likes to make jokes that are so corny that they can be funny. As long as you study for tests, the class should be an easy A.
5.0 : You don't have to show up to class, but I would because a) there is a lot of lecture material and b) Dr. Allison is the bomb, and gives super engaging lectures. She's really willing to help, the labs are very simple and fun, and the tests aren't difficult as long as you've taken notes. She understands it's a Gen Ed too, which can be rare to find.
4.0 : Dr. Allison is fantastic! I'm not even a science major but Physical Geology was my favorite class this semester. She's funny in a cheesy way. She's really passionate about the subject and teaches it very well. She's always willing to answer questions if you're confused in lecture. Tests are a little tough, you definitely need to study to pass.
4.0 : I gave her a 4 simply cause I only took science because it was a gen ed and i still hate it but she really loves her job lol. I cant be mad at somebody who wants to help you and is enthusiastic about her job. The work is tedious like any ged ed but its straight forward and she's easy to talk to.
4.0 : She is a good professor. I took her class for GenEd science, and I do not regret it. Her grading criteria is very clear and since it is a big class, there are not many things you have to worry about. i.e) participation, pop quizzes. She gives you an online quiz every week, but it is a cake if you actually attended the lectures.
4.5 : Emily is a great prof. She loves interacting with her students and getting to know them. Be prepared for a few group projects, but do not worry because they can be fun.
4.0 : Such a good professor.  No final or midterms, just 4 open note tests and he even gives you the notes for the test a few days prior.  Homework every other week but it's not even hard.  Don't have to show up for class because all powerpoints are posted on blackboard.   Such and easy A.  Definitely recommend this class as an easy GenEd!
4.0 : I took this class online and it was very doable. 4 tests, no final. Most of the questions are online--sometimes he'll switch the words is all. Weekly homework and assignments. All of the homework can be found online and the assignments don't require much attention. I never read the textbook at all. Overall, highly recommend; easy A.
4.0 : Prof Newman is such a sweet guy and he makes ECON fairly easy to comprehend. All the tests are open book and if the grades are not great he usually curves them a little. There are like 7 homework assignments which are not to difficult and help boost your grade. There are also 2 papers which are super easy and are graded fairly. Take him he's great!
5.0 : Easiest A ever.
5.0 : Prof Newman is the best! His lectures are really fun and you will never get bored in class. All the tests are open notes and they are super easy. Print off the power point slides and use them and you will definitely get an A. Such an easy class and definitely a GPA booster! There are 2 textbooks for this class but you don't ever use them. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Lectures are not too long and are fun. Homework every 2 weeks. 4 Easy open-book tests, no final. 2 short 3-4 pages Position Statements. Recitation sucks, once a week, boring, but you can use your smartphone andor laptop to kill time, you won't get anything out of it, just some Asian lady who can't speak English well talks about what you learned.
5.0 : I had him for my gened class and he is by far the most amazing teacher I have ever had. His class was super easy. Assignments are easy. He takes attendance sometimes. There are 4 tests but super easy. Recitation session per week but you can just do other work during that class. EASY EASY EASY A.
5.0 : Professor Newman is awesome. He understands his class is a GenEd and the grading is straight forward. 4 open note tests with 2 papers throughout the semester. Recitations are horrible, but they always are. No reason you shouldn't get an A in his course.
3.5 : Really straightforward, easy going guy. Classes can get boring but the topics change every week so some weeks were more interesting than others. 4 test, no final, open book. Homework every other week. Pretty simple. You'll learn a lot. Easy A.
4.5 : SOOOOO easy. he is great. I took it online but he still held in person office hours. you have a decent amount of homework but tests are so easy and you have a good amount of time to take them/no time limit. would take again a million times
5.0 : I definitely recommend The American Economy and Professor Newman. You learn about real-world economic decisions and their outcomes (raisinglowering minimum wage, fiscalmonetary policy, etc.). I found many of the topics to be interesting, and tests are open book so non-econ majors shouldn't have an issue.
2.0 : The tests are open note, and there is homework due once every other week. Lectures are SO BORING but they're not mandatory. The way they give final grades was really stupid, I should have gotten an A- but they gave me a B because of the way they average everything. It seemed as though others received lower grades than expected as well
4.0 : Having no prior experience with Economics, I would say this was a fair, applicable course. You will learn about topics that will make sound smart at the dinner table.
4.0 : Having never taken an Economics class before, I thought this was a fair, applicable course. Professor Newman will teach you things that will make you sound smart at the dinner table.
4.0 : Bill Newman is a great professor. He understands the class is a GenEd. The class can be dry if you aren't interested in the material but overall it is an easy A. Open note tests which he gives you the slides for. Two outlines instead of writing full papers. Definitely take the class!
4.5 : Pr. Newman is a pretty good professor. He is very cut and dry and to the point which is a very good way to be if you are teaching economics. His personality matches with what he is teaching so it is easy to learn from him. Do the occasional homework and position statements (essays) and you will be fine. The tests are rare and are open notes.
3.5 : Recitation is awful but necessary. Tests are pretty easy but you should definitely print out the slides. Do the position statements and homework and there is no reason you should not do well.
5.0 : All open book tests. He's a very nice respected man who doesn't want anyone to do poorly. If you're looking into business this is a great intro course. Overall attendance was not mandatory and I actually went to class... that says something.
5.0 : Open note tests. He is super nice and understanding. Recitation will prep you for test exactly. There is homework every other week which is similar to a test grade. If you're a bad test taker (even with open note), this will help you out a lot. The class can be boring but he tries to make it as interesting as possible.
5.0 : Really nice and intelligent professor. You will learn a lot and will be able to apply his lessons to your everyday life. Four tests, open note, must pay attention in class and study though if you want to do really well on the tests. Curves good for tests, homework's are easy, and papers aren't bad. Definitely take his class, you won't regret it.
3.0 : I had very little knowledge on economics going into the class. I felt like he spoke to the class thinking they had more background knowledge than I did. Lectures were somewhat confusing and it was hard to focus, but the slideshows helped to study. One HW due every week, 4 exams, 1 paper, no final. Attendance only taken on Fridays in recitation.
5.0 : Gjesdal is one of the best profs in the philosophy department. It's a tough subject (especially if you haven't taken philosophy classes before) but it becomes very digestable and you learn a lot. Two papers on philosophers of your choice, and participation are the only things graded (usually.)
4.0 : Funny professor. He really gets you thinking. Gave great feedback on papers and held interesting classes.
5.0 : He gives great feedback and will work with you until you understand. He is also a very funny professor and makes class pass very quickly! Texts are easy to read and interesting too.
5.0 : What a genuinely nice man who cares about his students. No matter how awful your papers are, as you as you are willing to work on them so is he. He gives four papers but allows you plenty of time to complete them before the due date. I would definitely take his class again.
5.0 : McAllister is one of the best professors I've ever had. He's an intelligent person, so he makes his class about more than just reading required texts. He doesn't condescend to his students, he's honest. I went into his class with a bad attitude and left the class wishing I could retake it. He's brilliant and he doesn't even know it. Loved the class
4.5 : Awesome teacher, very funny.  A lot of little reading in the book, no quizzes though. Three papers, all easy. He doesn't use letter grades on the paper, so you really won't know you're grade until the end. Does take attendance. I would take him again.
5.0 : Tom was an extremely down to earth guy. He's extremely helpful at revising papers and requires no more than a reading or two for class. Probably one of the better Professors in the English dept. Thumbs up from me!
5.0 : Hilarious Professor! Made me want to go to English 802 while my friends didn't. He makes class super fun and gives a lot of feedback for the essays. Definitely would take him again. Really nice and kind! Cool english professor.
4.5 : I took Tom McAllister for English 802. He was an awesome teacher. There is a lot of reading but he makes it interesting. He is really fun and cares about his students and the subject. One of my favorite teachers I have ever taken. Take him.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. He is very kind and funny. He makes the long required readings interesting and breaks things down so people can have a better understanding of the readings. There are no quizzes or tests, just 3 writing assignments. As long as you put in effort, he will work with you and help you.
5.0 : I love this man! Would recommend to anyone. hell yeah
5.0 : He is an awesome professor! Really funny and a really nice guy. I wish I could have him again as my professor for 802. He gives great feedback on essay's and really helped me improve on my writing skills. The book he requires is a really helpful book I would recommend buying it, it will be helpful for essays for other classes too.
5.0 : Really funny and caring
5.0 : Best Econ teacher at Temple. He wants everyone to be Millionaires. Teaches from his own real life experiences. Makes Econ fun! My favorite teacher at Temple.
4.5 : Ms. Williams a brilliant professor and a wonderfully gifted artist who cares for her students just as much as herself -- perhaps even more. She is so underrated and under-appreciated for the amount of work and love she puts into her craft and job, I can honestly say that I have truly become a better actor and performer from her class. Love live C3
4.0 : I'd recommend him. He is of the highest-quality character and speaks incredibly clear. The class is hard but he is the right professor for the job. Very patient. I wish all professors were as awesome as Professor Mennis.
3.0 : Great person, but I wouldn't take him again. If you're not a GUS student who has run specific programs, you better hope people in your group know how to. Get ready to talk about the same things over and over, and PRESENT.
5.0 : Probably the best professor for GIS. Only had him for Urban but he was very clear on the material and extremely helpful whenever I ever got lost. He is also pretty lenient with deadlines, but don't push it.
5.0 : He is the Ted Mosby of journalism except maybe a little less emotional and knows how to spell the word "professor".
4.5 : I loved George miller and his Journalism and Society class! If you get a chance to take his class than you most definitely should! His lectures are really fun and interesting. He has a young and modern style of teaching that is really engaging. If you are a journalism or media major, you will learn a lot. He also has great industry connections
3.0 : Good professor overall, very knowledgeable. However there were many assignments right after one another with testspop quizzes mixed in between. Assignments don't have much to do with current class topics and are annoying to do.
4.5 : He's a great guy, his lectures are interesting, and he's pretty funny. He's really approachable, ask for help one on one or during lecture and he'll definitely answer any question you have really well. I'm undeclared but I would definitely take him again if I choose journalism.
3.5 : He's hilarious and his lectures are fun. Tho, he gives unexpected pop quizzes. Attendance is not mandatory, you will fail if you miss 3 quizzes tho. several short papers, 3 tests (mc) some other assignments. Gives 60 points of extra credits that is awesome and might get your grade go 10% higher!
5.0 : George is a great professor and a great guy. He's a fan favorite amongst all the journalism majors, and even though he teaches the course to over 200 students there is always a connection between him and his students. (say you're a fan of Kanye West and you're in for a treat) He's always willing to help out his students with advice and connections.
5.0 : A great professor and a great class. Miller is very passionate about what he does and tries to make it as interesting as possible. He'll even occasionally bring his dog to class. Don't hesitate to go to him for help. He's very nice and helpful.
1.0 : He constantly talks about himself and his opinions (which he insists are right and will argue endlessly with anybody who disagrees). The class was boring and he basically read from a powerpoint and then ranted about whatever journalist or politician he doesn't like. If you want an easy class, sure, but if you actually want to learn, look elsewhere.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at Temple. He brings his dog to class on occasion which is great. He makes his lectures relevant and wants his students to succeed. George is passionate and gives tons of extra credit opportunities. It is a lecture though so be ready for pop quizzes now and then. A couple papers, if you have a good TA you'll be fine!
5.0 : He's so funny. I hate lectures but really look forward to going to his class because he takes boring topics and makes them so fun. REALLY reccomend
5.0 : I really enjoy this class.
4.0 : Seriously such a great professor at Temple. Even though his class is a lecture, he somehow manages to engage everyone in the room. Get him to know you, the guy has great connections (as he constantly reminds you throughout the course). I would definitely take a class he teaches again.
5.0 : Prof. Miller was straightforward and funny while teaching. His lectures engaged students. I looked forward to attending this class! Four exams, a few papers, and a few assignments. Textbooks are not necessary, if you pay attention in class and take notes you'll be solid for the exams.
5.0 : His lectures are great and he really engages the class. He is also fairly apolitical for those students who are more conservative. Just be wary of your TA. There are a couple papers and assignments, and some of the TAs are much harder graders than others. If you have a problem with a grade, talk to him because he is super nice.
5.0 : George is a really good guy who cares about what he is teaching. He has spent years in the industry, and has to be one of the most knowledgeable professors, regardless of what they teach, in all of Temple. I'm not a Journalism major, and took this as an elective, and I am so glad I did. The class is an easy B, got to work for an A. Take it.
4.0 : The class was pretty simple. If you paid attention during the lectures it should be an easy A, but, the lectures tend to be pretty entertaining. We had a three or four tests throughout the semester, a few pop quizzes, and a couple papers, but the assignments are never too difficult.
5.0 : Great instuctor! I had Mr. Gottlieb for Organic Chemistry I and it was a pleasure to take his class. As many can attest, organic chemistry is one of the harder subjects. Mr. Gottlieb was always willing to stop in the middle of the lecture to answer questions and help any student. His anecdotes make the class that much more enjoyable. GREAT teacher
5.0 : Mr. Gottlieb was a fantastic organic chemistry teacher. Very helpful in office hours, and willing to go the extra mile to help you. The class can get disorganized at times, and often gets behind the syllabus, but if you read ahead you should be fine.
5.0 : Alright kids, here's everything you need to know about Mr. Gottlieb. The dude is your best option for orgo-chem at Temple. Show up to lecture, although not required, he notices effort! Do the homework problems in the book. Beware of pop quizzes. Exams are fairly straightforward but will contain a curve ball here and there. 10/10 would recommend.
4.0 : Gottlieb was a great professor- had him for both semesters of Organic, and was glad I did. He really does care about the students and the subject. He falls behind schedule often, but it's usually because he's trying really hard to make sure every student is on the same page before advancing. I'd definitely take it again with him- he's a great guy.
5.0 : Mr. Gottlieb definitely makes you work for your grade, but he notices the effort you put in. He is always accessible out of lecture, and will out in as much effort to help you understand the material as you do. I believe that he genuinely wants to see everyone in his classes succeed. If you have the opportunity to take him, the definitely do it!
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've ever had. He is incredibly knowledgeable and is also hilarious. My boy.
5.0 : Great instructor.
2.0 : This man is an absolute legend. He says hes done with temple after this year but i think hell be back. Literally had three things that were graded (2 papers and participation). I'd recommend him to anyone because you'll get a kick out of this class because this dude is a wacko. Take him for an easy A.
3.5 : Great professor, you will learn a lot if you want to learn. If you don't want to learn you will probably be bored the entire time but if you can write a half decent essay theres no reason you shouldnt be able to get at least a B if you are showing up. Entire grade was attendance + 1 midterm essay and 1 final essay of 3-5 pages each
5.0 : Great professor, very profound ideas. You will learn a lot if you want to learn. If you don't you can still get a good grade if you can write a remotely decent essay and show up.
5.0 : The Spiegster is the man. Very informative and funny. By far my favorite class I've taken in college. If you don't care enough to show up and/or pay attention, change your major, because Methods and Materials was the best CMT course I've taken.
5.0 : She is awesome! Sign in sheet everyday. 3 easy multiple choice exams with a review session (outside of class). Weekly readings that show up on the exams. One group project that is annoying if your group doesn't help, you get class time to do it though. A few group work classes. You must go to the ESP. Participate a few times the semester. Easy A!
4.0 : Prof. Ostrow is really nice but I didn't love her as much as other commentors. Attendance is mandatory and apparently so is participation, which she didn't tell us until half-way through the semester. Make sure you have time to do the final project which involves going to a victim's agency. Overall good but not amazing.
5.0 : Best and kindest professor ever!
2.0 : Professor Ostrow is a amazing person. However her lecture/ class are very dull. The exam review however will get you a 100% on the exam. The readings are highly boring.
3.0 : Easy class overall. Too much work for a gen-ed though. Ostrow never showed up on time. Takes attendance every day. One group project, not very many tests. I would take this class again if I had to.
4.0 : Super sweet and reachable, 1 word, Group projects. Too much work for a gened. The TA made it easier with tests but end of semester gets difficult because she requires a presentation, trip to the Eastern State Pen, research on a victim &amp; person from philly in urban archives with is under library. Avoid because pointless work but not too bad overall
3.0 : Mrs.Ostrow is very personable, but not always very clear in her directions. She expects a lot from her class. While I liked her as a person and professor the class itself is not as fun as it sounds in the course description.
4.0 : Ostrow is a wonderful woman and TA gave away exam answers, but I wouldn't take other classes with this professor if they're structured the way this class was. Attendance is required and the flipped classroom didn't help me learn. Textbook was a waste of money and the grading system was whack - the groupwork grading made no sense in particular
4.5 : Took Prof. Ostrow for Criminal Behavior, very nice woman who will answer your e-mails quickly and help you if you are confused. Little to no homework, one group project that seems stressful but I got an A. Tour of ESP is "required" (the answers to the worksheet are online, you're welcome). Good class with fair tests and interesting material.
4.0 : I am not a Criminal Justice major. I took this as a free elective. Sharon wasn't present as much as the TA's were, and everyone was so laid back and chill. I even learned some interesting things about what goes into the psyche of a criminal. Easy A and interesting. Good combo.
4.5 : Its a bit confusing with the number of assignments that weren't on the original syllabus and assignments that weren't graded for weeks afterwards, but its a fun class.  Professor Ostrow is obviously passionate about her work and always tries to make the class as interesting as possible with guest speakers.  I would definitely take her class
4.0 : Professor Ostrow is very caring and willing to help her students. A lot of your grade is based on group work and tests are common sense as long as you pay attention in class.
4.0 : Professor Ostrow was one of my favorite professors here at Temple. Go to her office hours and get to know her! She is very helpful, and she has ties with lots of people in the community. You won't be bored in class!
4.0 : If you don't like group projects you shouldn't take this class. Group projects are your main grade in this class. A little bit too much work for a gen ed, but I personally thought this class was very interesting and Prof. Ostrow is a very easy grader and very caring for her students.
4.0 : Very good professor. Would definitely take her again. She is not always the clearest in what she wants but she is very nice and will explain her directions better if you ask her. She lets you hand in your work early and she will look over it and edit it for you. Overall an easy class for sure. Tests are easy if you go to the review sessions.
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors I've ever had. Incredible class, kinda miss it. She legit made an impact on me and changed my opinion on many CJ matters.  No papers, just 3 exams one group proj and participation
4.5 : Professor Ostrow is hands down my favorite professor at Temple so far! She really knows what she's talking about. There are 2 extremely easy exams and 1 simple group project. The final is just like the exams, easy. Take her if you can!
5.0 : Awesome professor! One of my favorite classes I've taken at Temple thus far. Additionally, I'm considering changing my major to CJ because of her and the class. Take her, you won't regret it! However, you must do the readings because her exams have questions about them on it.
4.0 : Ostrow's pretty cool. The class is rather relaxed; she lectures, we write. She insists she's big on participation, but I think I got almost all points even though I only participated, like, 3x all semester. She is also a big advocate on reading the required materials, but I think if you take good notes/study the ppt when you need it you'll be fine.
5.0 : Darin is the best math teacher I've ever had. I had always struggled with math until I had him, he made the material so easy for us to understand and really wanted us to succeed. And on top of that the guy is hilarious. Would 100% recommend.
5.0 : Great teacher. Down to earth, very easy to follow.
5.0 : Really made business calculus fun to learn. Always plays good music when you walk in the room, just gives off a good vibe. Not the easiest class but he really breaks it down simply. plus he's the man. cracks funny jokes a lot and is just a cool dude.
5.0 : Kapanjie is definitely the best math teacher I have had by far. You only have to go to class on Tuesdays and the classes on Thursdays are online. He gives a lot of homework but you will definitely get a 100 on the homework if you try. His lectures make it easy to understand and you never are in class for more than an hour.
5.0 : The man made me respect numbers and formulas. He is very easy to understand and very approachable. A master of his craft.
5.0 : Really great professor! Keeps class interesting and explains thoroughly. Class is a hybrid-part online, part in classroom. Easy homework assignments, just attend class and you'll be fine!
4.0 : DR. KAPANJIE IS THE BEST OPTION!!!! He is honestly the best professor that Fox has. He is so helpful, so clear, and SUCH a great professor. 100000% reccomend him for STAT 1101 &amp; 1102.
4.5 : Love the recorded lectures, you can go back for reference at any time. lectures are super short, he doesn't mess around
5.0 : Hybrid class. Took him last semester for Pre-Calc as well. One of the best professors I've had! He makes everything so easy!
4.0 : He is one great teacher! he records all his classes and they're easily to follow.  You only have to show up once a week because he puts half of the classes online, all homeworks can be taken as many times as you want, so easy A's. Honestly, he is great.
5.0 : AMAZING! 10/10! ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE! This class was so easy! I took it as a half online/half in class course and it was great. Kapanjie is easy on the eyes and easy on the mind. He always ends class early and is always willing to help! 3
4.5 : I am absolutely horrible at math. I have never taken calc before so I was terrified going into this semester. With that being said, this class is AMAZING! TAKE THIS GUY! The way he explains things just makes sense. By far the best professor and teacher I've ever had. If you are even slightly competent with math, easy A!!!
5.0 : I wish he would teach all the math classes in Fox. I don't know how I'm gonna survive after Calc for business :( I always loved going to classes. He is really smart, knows what he is doing, and hes extremely FUNNY. Even if you don't know 2+24 you'll get an A for the class. I feel bad for people who didn't have his class.
5.0 : Never liked math but Kapanjie is absolutely the best math teacher I've ever had. Even though the class was hybrid he taught it very well. 10/10 would take again, he's a pretty awesome guy too.
5.0 : ABSOLUTELY THE BEST TEACHER EVER! He makes learning so easy and never cheats you. He will tell you exactly what types of problems will be on the test and will go over those problems in class to review. If you do everything he says, it is a guaranteed A. PS. You do not have to like or be good at math at all.
5.0 : Fav professor ever. He's a really smart guy and makes it easy to learn the material. If you don't pass with him you won't pass with anyone else. Always lets us out early and the hw isn't too bad. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, if you put in the time to watch the 2-4 videos a week and go to lecture once a week you'll get an A no doubt.
5.0 : Hands down the best math professor I've ever had in my life. I'm not gonna say much else because it would just be repeating what everyone else commented. Just take this dude if you can. Make sure you get in his class first when signing up for classes, his class fills up very quickly since he's the best.
5.0 : Great choice! Professor Kapanjie was an extremely good teacher and really knew how to teach properly and with great detail ! Take him, please!
5.0 : Professor Kapanjie is my favorite professor here at Temple so far. He's hilarious and very easy to get along with. Math isn't always a fun class, but with Kapanjie it's a good time.
5.0 : Hell of a guy, best teacher ive ever had.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor! He explains the material so clearly. I usually hate any type of Math course but I enjoyed this one. If you go to lectures when he has them, watch the  videos (they are SO helpful), and do your homework/quizzes, you will do fine.
3.0 : Kapanjie is a good professor but I wouldn't take his class again. It was hard to keep track of when assignments are due and they're worth a lot of points. I did very poorly because we basically learned a whole new concept each class. This is probably a problem with the curriculum more than the professor though. Unfortunately retaking 1101 next sem.
5.0 : Everyone pretty  much unanimously loves Professor Kapanjie. He's completely fair, funny,  and has plenty of clear examples for every topic we go over. If you have perfect attendance, you will get an extra 2% added to your final grade. I would definitely recommend.
5.0 : If you have the chance to take Darin for anything, do it. His class format is extremely easy and the material itself isn't that hard either. He definitely knows what he is teaching and he has a great sense of humor. My favorite professor at Temple so far.
5.0 : Great teacher. Explains content very clearly and concisely. Lots of online homework. Pretty much the same as Stat 1001 except harder. Best teacher for the class hands down. Highly recommend.
5.0 : I wish all math professors were like Dr. Kapanjie. He's funny, fair, and you can see exactly what you have to do to do well. You get 2% added to your final grade if you attend every class, which is huge. The average of the class was an 83, but you should get an A if you do all homeworksonline quizzes and study properly for the exams.
4.5 : Dr. Kapanjie is the BOMB at Fox school! He is literally one of the best professors the business school has to offer. Totally worth the money, you will learn everything you need to know for the final, and if you put in the time, you will get an A! He is honestly the best professor I've ever had!
5.0 : best professor at temple, easy class. he gives you all the potential questions you will see on the test. just do the work, understand it, understand what he is doing, study, and you will get an A. his teaching style is amazing, no reason not to get an A. I was horrible at math before taking him for 1001 and 1102 and he made it super easy.
4.0 : Amazing professor, knows how to utilize technology and get concepts across. Most content is pre-recorded for you to watch on the Fox vault, which is unbelievably helpful. Only requires you to attend lectures maybe 10 times a semester. Very passionate, humorous, and overall great guy and professor. Would take again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Easiest stat class at Temple. His class is Tuesday/Thursday and Thursdays are online. Tuesday classes he usually lets you out early. The class is online so if you struggle with learning through videos do not take it, but Kapanjie makes the videos really easy to understand. Exams and quizzes are heavily graded, overall an easy A.
5.0 : Kapanjie is hands down the best professor in Fox. Do not second guess taking him, he is the one! He makes the concepts so easy to understand. He breaks them down so clearly. I struggled in Pre-Calc but Calc was a breeze for me. I think it has a lot to do with his method of teaching. The class is a hybrid. So, one day in class and one day online.
5.0 : summer class online. It was very tough but calc is tough on its own. His lectures are very helpful so if you keep up on them and take good notes, you will do well. Lectures consist of working in groups to do that week's materials. Tests are same as hw and quizzes so pay attention. I hate math but he made me love it. I would recommend him to anyone
5.0 : I never had the privilege of  having Darin as a prof, even though I try every semester. However, I do watch his online videos on the Temple Video Vault and he is such an amazing prof! I learned so much, and I really like his style. I learn more in his 20 minute videos than I do in my two and half hour class. Im SO mad i never got to take him.
5.0 : Without a doubt taking Prof Kapanjie for 1102. He explains the material really well and has a good sense of humor. Nothing on the tests is more difficult than the examples he give you during class, so understand everything in class and you should get an A.
5.0 : Darin Kapanjie is by far the best professor you will every take at Temple. I struggled with math before taking his pre-calc class, and received an A in it, but worked hard. His lectures are seriously on point and his in class polls help you understand the material better, while receiving credit for answering. The class is modern and up to date.
5.0 : Dr. Kapanjie is hands down the best teacher at temple. Freshman year a fellow student recommended him and it was the best advice I've ever received. Not only did I take him for pre calc and calc. I decided to switch my major to math w/ teaching bc he inspired me with how great of a teacher he was. I want to help people understand math like he did
4.5 : Hybrid class. Taking his STAT 1102 class.. Enough said.
4.5 : If you have the opportunity to take Kapanjie you should do it. I took him for STAT1001, and I plan on taking him for STAT1102. Even though his class is a hybrid he makes it really easy to stay up to date, and his assignments are clear. He records all his classes. Only downside is you have to pay to take his online exams. 22 dollars each.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at Temple!! Only had to attend certain classes and if you went to all of them you recieved 2% extra credit. I loved calc before this class, and he made me love it even more.  Never stayed until the end of the class period.
5.0 : Kapanjie is awesome he's the best teacher I have ever had. His class is easy and he makes the material easy to understand. I am taking him again for stat 1102. The class is mostly online. He only has class on Tuesday's. 3 tests and one final. online quiz's and homework. Definitely 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Kapanjie is the best instructor that I have ever had at TU. Wow i was amazed at how simple he made this course. I really hope that I can get into one of his courses next semester. Take him and you will get an A. My overall grade going into the final was 95%. You will not regret it!! Be mindful though, this is a hybrid class.
5.0 : Kapanjie is the best math teacher I have ever had. Don't bother looking for a better professor. As long as you put the work in (which is minimal) you will do well. Take him you will not regret it.
5.0 : Kapanjie was is the best Calc teacher at Temple by far.  His lectures are clear and short, and he doesn't use the textbook because he knows what we need to learn, and teaches us that.
5.0 : Kapanjie is the best math teacher I have ever had - and as a freshman in my first college math class, Kapanjie is an amazing professor. His class was half online, so it made learning at your own pace easy - and lectures were quick and easy once a week. Tests aren't hard if you study, and book is part of the online portion - no paper in this class.
3.0 : He is a good professor- he makes lectures more interesting since he is both funny and good looking. The tests are hard but they try to give you credit for the little things which helps. There's a lot of busy work- online homework, online quizzes, online post recording quizzes, and in-class clicker quizzes (but these help prepare you for exams).
3.5 : if you like paying 22 dollars for EACH test(examity, look it up) you are required to take, look no further. Sure you don't have to spend money on a calculator, but it'll cost you 90 dollars to do his homework. Kapanjie is actually a really great guy, but paying 150 dollars just for my grade is not something I ever want to do again.
5.0 : Darin is hilarious and such an amazing professor. His class is half online so going to class on tuesdays is basically required. The class itself is not too difficult and he always finds ways to explain even clearer if you already know whats going on. Taking him next semester for 1102 and couldnt be happier. 10/10 would recommend, best ever
4.5 : He's a great professor and certainly isn't hard to look at. He's funny and explains tough math concepts in a way that students can understand.
4.0 : Darin is one of the easiest professors I have ever had. Tuesdays were in person and Thursdays were online. Tuesdays he usually left us out 40 minutes early and runs through the topics very quickly. If you have the opportunity to take this class with Darin, Do it!
5.0 : Darin's class was an easy A. Make sure you show up to class (it's only once a week in person) so you can take his polls. Watch and take notes on his videos, study using the online thing with Pearson and you'll do well on his quizzes and homeworks. Four online exams, a midterm and a final, weekly quizzes and homeworks. Do the work and you'll pass.
5.0 : Just the best all around.  Teaches you what you need to learn and understands how college works. Favorite teacher of all time.
5.0 : LOVED him!! Take his class if you can. Best class I have ever taken. He is super clear and makes topics so easy to understand. Also gives 2% extra credit if you attend every class.
5.0 : I recommend this teacher as he makes math courses less painful. Clear in lectures , helps you understand the material, &amp;just an all-around efficient professor. Only complaint was that having a hybrid-online course, we also had to use Examity, a proctoring site that charges money per test(22$) and has a guy watch you for 2 hours.
5.0 : Dr. kapanjie is a great teacher, if you have the chance to take him for stat 1101 and 1102, do it. Theres a lot of online homework but it helps a lot with tests and quizzes and its also an easy way to keep your grade up if you do them, class is iml once a week and he lets you out early every class period, really helpful and is good at explaining.
4.5 : I think kapanjie is a great teacher. You do not have to go to class a lot because he has online video days, which are awesome. Tests are really easy if you do the homework and go to the review day. Overall I would try to get him as my proffesor again.
5.0 : Probably one of the best Professors at Temple. Class was 50% online. Had to show up Tuesday for lectures to review the pre recorded lectures we watched on Thursdays. 1 post recording quiz after each online lecture. Easy. Study, pay attention, do homework, you will get an A. He gives you everything you need to know, no extra useless information.
5.0 : Professor Kapanjie is amazing. His videos are clear and easy to understand, and he puts in the effort to get you to succeed (he has recorded himself reviewing our final exam late at night). He often ends class 20-30 minutes early, is easygoing and funny. It can get easy to fall behind if you dont keep up with the homeworks but they're not bad
5.0 : I didn't even have have Kapanjie as a professor. For Stat 1102, my class was so difficult and many people told me to watch his videos for help. I learned my entire stat class from his online videos. He is very clear and explains the topics in an easy way. I wish I  was able to have him as a professor. Great guy!
5.0 : Darin lived up to his RMP score. His hybrid class meets once a week (about 270 students), then you watch two videos and take a quiz on Thursdays. If you pay attention and participate in his class (poll everywhere), you'll pass with some sort of A grade. His exams aren't necessarily "easy," but they're certainly not hard. Take Darin!
5.0 : Extremely helpful video lectures! Makes even the toughest concepts look easy. He not only seeks feedback from his students but acts on it right away! Exceptional!
5.0 : Darin is a great guy and an awesome professor. He always cuts his lectures short but covers everything more than enough within that time. Part of the class was online and it was super easy. Definitely an easy A and he's easy to communicate with too
5.0 : He will answer any questions you have and is very straight forward. He is always very nice and understanding and gives honesty feedback. He will make you feel good about yourself regardless if you did good or bad.
5.0 : very smart and easy going . Love him ALways
5.0 : YES YES YES! Take her class. She's a great professor. Very emotional and engaging. She cares a lot about her students and her assignments are fun to complete. Would absolutely take her again.
5.0 : Want a super easy Mosaics professor that doesn't make the class a drag? Take it with her. She is so funny and is clearly into what she's teaching. Not a lot of work at all, easy and fair grader. Loved her.
4.5 : Considering Mosaics is a mandatory class she made it as painless as possible, but I still got something out of her class. She's really funny and understanding, and even though participation is important to her she lets you fulfill your participation credit online so you don't even have to talk in class. Only 3 assignments per semester.
5.0 : I absolutely LOVE her. I took her for both mosaics and shes amazing. She is so caring, and very very interesting. And hilarious. TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : Great professor! There are 4 acceptable absences in the summer course! And the homework is pretty easy. The final project is just piece of cake. Definitely chose her.
5.0 : I took her for the summer.  We had 4 discussion board questions, and at the end of the semester we did a presentation where we worked with a  local theatre troup which helped me appreciate the readings more by humanizing the authors.  There was also a final individual project where you had to draw from a life experience.  The readings were online.
5.0 : Easy grader, very caring and easy to talk to. Minimal assignments and a final project, no final exam. Participation counts but she made the class enjoyable and easy to understand. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : Great Professor! She gives a lot of work,but it is great experience.I was always looking forward to prepare for exams and do my papers. She is funny, incredible, but the most important thing... SHE IS A HUMAN! She always tries to get into your shoes if you have a problem. Take her - you will fall in love with the profession of an SLP.
5.0 : She is a really good professor, I would definitely take her class again. Gives extra credit opportunities throughout the semster
5.0 : You will learn a lot in this class. There were 4 tests, 3 papers, and 3 small written assignments. She gives excellent feedback for all the papers and you can improve your grade by doing a rewrite. It isn't designed to be a discussion class, but she frequently opens things up for discussion, which is fun. You totally don't need the book though.
5.0 : Great professor I never missed class. Had three exams excluding the final and or paper that he lets you revise only if you turn it in early enough. He talked about real life experiences in the force he's an older man but very smart. Also shows videos for a few minutes. Gives review sheet for exams. Responds to emails answers all questions take him!
5.0 : Definitely the best teacher I've had at temple. Prof. Godfrey cares about his students and it shows, if you have the opportunity DEFINITELY take this professor!!
5.0 : seems most of the negative comments are from gen ed classes taught. For IST majors, it is a challenging class but if you show up and work hard he is there to help and you will be fine.
4.0 : I respected this professor. He was a strict teacher. He tried his best to help you if you have problems with this course. If you are looking for an easy class, this is not for you. It is pretty challenging, and it can take a lot of your time if you are not programming very well. If you are an expert, you will be fine as long you won't miss classes.
3.0 : He's pretty average and has good lectures with powerpoints normally posted on blackboard. There's also a supplemental lab and quizzes on the  material every week. They can be so annoying sometimes and the material can be a bit much sometimes, but he does do his best to explain it all. He's good, i'd recommend!
5.0 : I took him for CIS 3309 and for CIS 3342. This guy will make you for your grade but always tries to make the class more interesting by teaching you something different. He says he loves teaching and I think it shows it when he tries to always help you inside and outside class. Cheating, slacking off, and not submitting work won't make u pass.
5.0 : One of the better CIS professors at Temple. He understands the material really well, has VERY helpful examples and powerpoint slides, and teaches well! He makes a difficult subject easy to learn, although there is a lot of lab homework.
5.0 : This guy is really good and would recommend it for CIS 3309 &amp; 3342. The coding is not that bad if you are good at java, but starting from 2nd half of the semester onwards, it starts to get a bit harder. Quizzes and exams are somewhat challenging. 3rd lab onwards are pretty tough, but the gradings are pretty easy, just put effort. TAKE HIM!
4.0 : Seems like a really nice guy but the Cyberspace &amp; Society course is not one I would recommend taking. Quizzes (four of them) are tough, a lot of other assignments. If you flub the quizzes you probably won't manage an A in the course even if you do everything else. Not worth the time investment for a Gen Ed course.
5.0 : Take him. He is such a nice guy!
4.0 : For the most part he's a good professor.  Covers concepts well, has decent sense of humor which keeps things from getting too boring.   Projects are not super difficult, they just require a lot of time.  Start early and just work through them one part at a time.  Double check with him or TA for any unclear requirements (my only issue with class)
4.0 : He's alright. Lots of tedious homework and assignments. All his lecture slides are online which helps a lot. Overall it isn't too hard, and you'll definitely learn some helpful things regarding technology from his class. Biggest pet peeve is that he teaches with his eyes closed, it got a little weird but we didn't judge him too hard for it.
1.0 : I don't recommend this teacher. Very rigid: meaning my way or the highway. Thinks he is funny, but is not. A lot of projects, and definitely has his student pets. All I can say is thank goodness for TA or this class would have been unbearable. Much better teachers.
4.0 : Really nice professor &amp; is more than willing to help students or explain material further. Come to class, take notes, and study and you can pass with a solid B. Couple of projects which are easy &amp; interesting blog assignments. I didn't do well on most quizzes but did really well on the final and passed. I would take him again. No textbook either :)
2.0 : The guys loves talking, and the lectures are a waste of time. The final exam is nothing like the midterm. It's very specific and the last question asks who the sexiest man alive is with the Professor as the correct answer.
5.0 : I took Pascucci's class as a GenEd and he made this GenEd one of the most beneficial and interesting ones yet. He is easy to approach and has a good sense of humor which makes lectures entertaining. He talks about the material with passion. I would definitely take another class with Pascucci
5.0 : Definitely take this course with Professor Pascucci. The lectures are extremely interesting and if you're in class, you will pass the quizzes. There are no exams in the course, just the quizzes and the cumulative final. Pascucci brings humor to each lecture and you're guaranteed to enjoy the lesson.
4.5 : I just took this class this semester for one of my genEd requirements. Interesting class, material is easy to understand, and there were no tests. I took 4 quizzes the whole semester, had 1 group project (which was so easy - just have to manage your time well), in the lab there was a website and video project too. No textbook required either!!
5.0 : He was a really good professor, just make sure you participate and he'll have your back. The assignments aren't hard either. Passed the class with a B- (it was a gen ed, didnt really care too much for it) There were 4 quizes and a final at the end which was accumulative. And you dont need a textbook.
4.5 : Great Professor, almost inspired me to change my major!  Fascinating lectures and keeps the class involved.  Even in a large class, she was engaging.  Cute as a button too.
3.5 : Stull is the best professor in the bio department. Her classes were informative and she did her best to make it as entertaining as possible. There's a bunch of writing assignments, but she makes you want to do well on them with her compliments and constructive criticism. Wish I would have known about her so I could have taken more classes with her!
5.0 : Best bio professor at Temple. Taught me a lot in systems neuroscience and always has me interested with even the more dry material. Great experience.
1.0 : terrible professor. can't stress how much I hate her. her questions consist of slang and trick questions not related to actual science. the average was a 50-60 and people who guess the exam do better than those who actually study. random grades, she even admitted the grades were all over the place, well maybe you're just a terrible grader/person.
4.0 : At the beginning, it's hard to understand her because she has a soft voice and also talks towards the whiteboard. The first few weeks I'd recommend getting to class earlier than later so you can sit at the front of the room and actually hear her. There's a lot of homework but she goes over it in class so you have a chance to fix your mistakes
2.5 : She's a nice professor but her teaching is kinda bad. Calc is a really hard subject and she makes it worse. She goes through each sections faster than F5 planes. However, she explains the home works from each section. Do not expect any curves and if you don't get at least a 75 in all three tests then prepare to retake this class.
3.0 : I took Prof. Vishik for Hon. Calc 1. The first few weeks it was hard to pay attention/understand what she was saying because of her soft voice and accent, but I did get used to it after a while. She has very clear handwriting which helps with that. The tests and quizzes aren't that hard, but there is a lot of both WebAssign and written homework.
3.0 : Professor Visihik is very helpful, but only if you ask for it. In lecture her voice is a little too soft, and talks mostly facing the board so it is easy to get lost/daze off. However, she assigns some homework and has weekly quizes so you can keep yourself in check. If you do all the homework and practice exam problems you will do great.
4.0 : At the beginning of the semester, it is kind of hard to hear  or listen to Dr. Vishik during lectures because she has such a soft voice. But she is a really great professor who always goes into lots of depth  and does plenty of practice problems on each topic in order for each person to fully understand.
5.0 : Bloxton is an amazing teacher! All the material was taught in depth to give a clear and complete understanding. Last few quizzes were graded on attendance, and gives multiple opportunities for extra credit. Homework helps you understand the material, but you have to apply yourself to get a good grade. He is awesome, take him.
3.5 : Dr. Bloxton is the sweetest, most caring professor I have ever had. If you ever have questions about anything- he is there! Easy A. The only reason I got a B is because I never studied for tests and slacked off. He gives a lot of assignments and sends out tons of long emails that I never bothered to read. If you're not lazy like me, you'll get an A
4.5 : As long as you do all the homework and extra credit. You will not fail!
4.0 : Dr. Bloxton is hands down the BEST teaxher at Temple U. He cares about his students and guides you through chemistry. If you do the work, you WILL get an A.
4.0 : Dr. Bloxton is a sweet man with an affinity for extra credit. Lectures weren't mandatory in the beginning but he made them so halfway through the semester. He re-uses problems from worksheets on tests, so pay close attention. He's there for you if you have questions, but is sometimes way too scatterbrained while lecturing.
3.5 : He is a great teacher if you just want to pass and not really learn. But when you pass, you pass with flying colors. If you really want to learn in depth about chemistry, transfer out quick before all the REAL professors are gone. But don't get me wrong, he's one of the nicest people I know, and he he practically hands out extra credit.
3.5 : For the last few quizzes, he used attendance for quiz grades. Lecture is worth going because he did problems on the board and explained them, which I learned a lot from them. But he had a problem with rushing in the end of lecture. Just try to have some respect for the guy. He is really there for you, through email or in person. Also, the TA helps.
4.5 : Dr. Bloxton is very helpful. If you study and do the homework you'll do great. He goes above and beyond what he needs to to make sure his students understand the material. Hell tell you almost exactly what you need to know for the tests so there in no surprises on there. I was not very good in chemistry and I got an A in the class overall.
4.5 : If you get a chance to take Dr. Bloxton's class DO IT!!! Not only is he a great teacher but he gives a lot of chances for extra credit! Its possible to almost get a 100 in this class. ( If you do the homework of course).  If you are struggling with anything he will help you out.
5.0 : Good amount of extra credit on exams. You could probably say THIS MAN gives his students way too much extra credit (tons on hw and quizzes). NO CURVE obviously. Cares about students. Goes over labs during lecture. FAIRLY EASY to get an A- or A ONLY IF you study. HIS Test/quizzes are almost the same as his practice exam/quizzes on BB. *HINT HINT*
4.0 : Bloxton has a very kind ol' heart and truly cares about you as a student. His lectures are very detailed and he makes sure that he explains each topic very VERY well. If you do the work and attend lectures, it won't be that hard to earn the grade that you want!
4.0 : Bloxton is a hilarious old Southern man. Love him dearly, but his lectures are honestly more of a stand up comedy performance than a learning experience. If you read the book and do the homework problems you'll be totally fine in 1021 (the nursing specific chem course). Bloxton is adorable, love him!
4.0 : Bloxton is a nice old man. His lectures can be very specific and a little dull when he is trying to explain things. Lectures are not mandatory but I would recommend going to them. His tests and quizzes are ok but he sometimes puts in very specific questions to make sure you have read everything.
5.0 : Probably one of the best professors you will have at Temple. Gives students extra credit, drill sessions &amp; is willing to help. He absolutely wants you to succeed and cares about his students. Impossible not to get at least a B in his class as long as you do your work. Sends out lots of e-mails, but they're beneficial. TAKE HIM!
4.0 : Sweet old man love this guy. His tests are alittle difficult I suggest reading the textbook. If you have him for lab god bless he takes up every single second. Be prepared for at least an email a day and playing with dipsticks. Overall he's understanding and very sweet. He will help if you ask him. Very lucky to have had him. (Nursing major chem)
4.0 : Bloxton was a fantastic professor. He was one of the only professors who actually taught super in depth. He didn't really curve his tests because everyone did so well. All you have to do is go to lecture, study the powerpoints, and do the practice quizzes from blackboard and you will get a good grade. The book also helps if you need extra clarity.
3.5 : He is one of the better Chemistry profs from what I've heard about other ones. Tests were incredibly difficult and there was never enough time to go over everything in our lectures. A lot of out of class time was spent working on this class.
5.0 : Brilliant teacher.  Shows empathy towards students (which is rare at Temple).  If you have a problem with passing test, he provides enough extra credit so you can at least pass his course.  I wish the math professors were like him!
5.0 : He is a good professor and teaches the material well. Although he may overcomplicate things at times, reading the powerpoint slides will help out. Cracks in a couple of jokes here and there.
4.0 : Really easy going professor. No need to do the homework even though the TA does check, just show them somethings and you're good. Lectures give good examples so  I always went. Plenty of extra credit, and the study guides are almost exact copies of the test. Be prepared for lab tests which are the hardest part
5.0 : Dr. Bloxton was the best professor I have had at Temple. He is very clear with what he expects from you and is very helpful when you don't understand something. I highly recommend Dr. Bloxton for Chem 1031.
3.5 : I took this class for my science elective. The class overall was fairly easy. I basically studied for the test the day before the exam, went to lecture twice &amp; still did well on them as long as you go over the practice exams . However, be ready to do a hell lot of readings and extra work. There was a lot of homework but they're all easy.
5.0 : Dr. Bloxton is such an amazing professor. You can tell he has passion for teacher chemistry in his lectures. Not too much homework and he always has review sessions before exams
5.0 : This man is the BEST, definition of a great teacher ! He wants his students to do good and does anything in his power to make sure they succeed. He hold his OWN review sessions and hold "drill sessions" almost almost every friday night that are beyond helpful ! TAKE HIM and if you don't... you'll miss out on a wonderful chemistry experience.
5.0 : He is amazing. He gives extra credit, works through practice problems, and is always willing to help you if you're are struggling. He genuinely cares about his students, and you can tell how passionate he is about Chemistry and teaching just by listening to him in lecture. Take Chemistry with Dr. Bloxton if you get the chance!
5.0 : He is a great professor and really cares for his students!
5.0 : Dr. Bloxton is the BEST chemistry professor at temple! He is so nice and willing to help his students succeed. Do all the homework because you get extra points for that at the end.
5.0 : so glad I took Bloxton for Chem 1. It was my second time taking Gen Chem, and I had heard alot about him, that he was strict and had tough tests and no curve, all this really worried me. But Im so thankful i took him because I got a B and passed the class. His tests are SOO MUCH EASIER than Smith's who is the worst professor and hes so helpful.
5.0 : Best Professor at this school. The first time I took it I had Ramella and I didn't learn anything and got a C-. When I took Bloxtan I was learning Chem I understood what I was doing. Hands down best thing that happened to me at this school. He was meant to teach and you feel it and it makes you want to learn.
4.5 : If you have to take Chem 1031, take Bloxton! He does anything to help his students and makes learning chem easy to understand. Very quirky, and made class enjoyable.  As long as you pay attention in lecture, do the online homework, and read over the power points, you'll get an easy B. Take him, he made chem 1031 fun!
5.0 : Dr. Bloxton was a very great professor to have for an 8am lecture! I was worried to take the course because I did not take chemistry for a few years but he made digging back and remembering easy. Definitely recommend going to his optional sessions because that's where you really get the individual attention you might need.
4.0 : Bloxton is a great chem prof. Though I covered most of the material on my own, his lecture slides and practice problems make understanding it a lot easier. HOWEVER beware of his online homework and quizzes! It isn't hard if you know it, it's just long and tedious to do so give yourself time for that. And he drops your lowest test so it's an easy B
5.0 : great teacher. I pass him on campus and he still remembers my name. He is extremely helpful, since chemistry is another language to me. He takes his time and breaks everything down. He does not try to trick you.
5.0 : amazing
5.0 : I have never in my life encountered a teacher as dedicated as Dr Bloxon. He has drill sessions, handouts, pretty much everything you need to learn and understand the material. He's also very pleasant and makes jokes during lecture. Best teacher at Temple hands down.
5.0 : One of the BEST teacher I've ever had! He is a teacher who's extremely dedicated(especially during the summer), funny, quirky(good) and understanding of his students circumstances. Even though it's the summer, he'd constantly asks his students about the flow of the class and readjust accordingly.  If you ever have the chance to take him, DO SO!
5.0 : Dr. Bloxton is one of the most dedicated teachers ever. He is understanding and when you go to him for office hours, he'll explain and explain until you understand. I'm not great at chemistry but bloxton made it so easy! I have a better base of it thanks to him. I'd take him again if I could. Best teacher hands down. Take him. You won't be sorry.
5.0 : HANDS DOWN. Best CHEM 1031 professor. He may not be as good as Dr. Price in teaching students with clarity, but Bloxton overall is just a better professor (grading+teaching). Willing to help and very dedicated. Easier exams than the other Chem 1031 profs. He sometimes tries to crack a couple of dry jokes. Just be respectful and smile. :)
5.0 : Best teacher ever! He made me want to go to 8am lectures. He is very straight forward and does everything to help you understand the material. There is lots of extra credit on the online homework  which really helps.
5.0 : Dr. Bloxton is THE BEST chemistry professor at Temple. He's an incredible guy, extremely good professor and very understanding. He has his own study sessions and is always willing to help students. If you get a chance take him and not only will you get a good grade but you will learn A LOT. He explains everything very well!
5.0 : Bloxton is really helpful and nice. I never liked chem but he makes it bearable. He's always there for extra help if you need it. If you try, you'll pass.
3.5 : Bloxton has a weird sense of humor. He tries to integrate Chemistry into daily life and it's pretty interesting. As long as you attend his lecture to know what he stresses on and go to recitation to brush up on that, you'll be fine. He gives extra credits, so it's easier to improve scores.
5.0 : It's been two semesters since I took Gen Chem 1 with Dr. Bloxton, and I'm now reeeeally missing having him as a chemistry professor after experiencing what some of the others are like.  He's an awesome guy, really funny, great at teaching, tons of review and extra credit, and his exams are super easy.  If you can, definitely take him!
5.0 : Really good professor, probably my favorite at Temple and I'm not even a chem major. He is incredibly invested in the students and he puts forth a lot of effort to make sure no concepts go on unknown. He also provides plenty of concrete examples on the board and has all of the resources posted to blackboard. Amazing teacher!!
5.0 : He's not only a great teacher but really nice if you put in the work. Although his lectures are kinda redundant he makes the material easy to understand and gives you lots of second chances. I loved having this class even though it was super tedious.
4.0 : How to get A: (YOU MUST DO THESE TO GET A)   Read the text book Whilst writing notes on key terms Do Review Problems at End of Text and problems while reading Do Mastering Chem HW (very helpful) GET A's on Quizzes (work with friends if need be) Get A's On Test  Review EVERYTHING that you did for the final  That's all I did.
5.0 : Bloxton is the best and most caring professor you will ever meet, he repeats a lot and cracks jokes that are not funny, but he means well. He loves to help his students learn, and tries his best to teach you all you need to know not only for the class, but for your future career as well. TAKE HIM, its worth it.
5.0 : Professor Eble is one of my favorite instructors here at Temple.  You can tell how passionate he is about what he teaches, and it makes it impossible to not enjoy the class.  I also had a special situation regarding some issues with anxiety, and he was extremely understanding and wonderful when it came to helping me.
3.5 : Nothing to say,but i am pretty sure it is easy to pass
5.0 : Geography of Travel &amp; Tourism was a great class.  Roman was a good teacher and would not fail anyone as long as you tried.  I would take him again for anything!
4.5 : There are three exams, around 10 attendance, three assignments, and two presentation. The exam is not very hard IF you carefully listen in his class. His PPT is vivid but no helpful for you exam. Presentation and assignments is only making sure you participated. Anyway, he is helpful, kind, wisdom and interesting professor. TAKE HIM.
5.0 : Easy Global Cities class. He's been all over the world so he has real experiences to share about each city he teaches. Fantastic lectures and inspired me to travel more. Take him!
5.0 : I took Professor Cybriwsky for Urban Geography. He's a goofy guy, and his class is pretty easy. 2 tests, 5 hw assignments, and 3 presentations. As long as you do the hw and presentations you'll automatically get a 100% on them. His tests however are somewhat difficult because he includes small pieces of info that were barely discussed in class.
5.0 : Cybriwsky has been my favorite professor at Temple so far. Hilarious, real-world experience, amazing stories, tears up when talking to students (truly cares). Class is so perspective-altering. Makes students think outside of box, doesn't push his own agenda. Not a ton of work, tests are very straightforward, just have to study. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN
5.0 : I loved her she's great, I think she came to where I was in a thing so ahrd to grade as writing. I wish I was her.
5.0 : Also makes you read and graded by few things. I thought she was awesome. We connected, she made it fun, very caring. The class itself was more reading than I'd expect and a decent amount of writing. She makes you work but it's worth it to see yourself grow. You should probably care though, it's better to, but she'll meet you halfway for sure, yeah
5.0 : It's a creative writing class so there are a bunch of assignments but they usually do not have very long length requirements and are pretty easy to assign. Lots of sitting in a circle and taking turn reading the assigned reading or talking about our own work. Overall a good class.
5.0 : Best professor ever. Loved her class. She kind of forces you to step out of your comfort zone but she really made the classroom feel like a family. There's a lot of work but it's not hard, it really let's you show your creativity. Would 100% take this class again if I could.
5.0 : highly recommend him for tech comm. class is usually chill and a discussion about current events. not a difficult class and not a harsh grader. expect 2 or 3 couple page papers, 10ish current events(1-2pages), and a 18 page paper. every tech comm requires that big paper but he breaks it into 5 parts so its much easier. DONT BUY BOOK you wont use it
4.5 : I had her at DCCC, back to back for Contemporary Moral Problems and Intro to World Religions. You need to work hard but she is VERY reasonable. I learned SO much from her. She doesn't accept sub par writing, so she made me a MUCH better writer. She also made me a more open minded person, which I will always be thankful for. You WILL learn A LOT
5.0 : I highly recommend Professor Weigand. She has a tremendous knowledge upon subject and is extremely engaging. She's one of the most organized professors I've ever had, and as a student, I appreciate it so much. It is really simple with her--just do your homework which consists of a lot of reading but it does make you a well-rounded individual.
5.0 : Dr. John Balzarini was a great Professor.  First time he introduced himself to the class, i was like "great! , i need to switch" but as time went on, he is a very understanding professor. He takes attendance seriously and has pop quizzes based on the readings almost every week. He also requires you to write like 5 papers. Great Professor overall.
3.0 : This class definitely wasn't my favorite. He is a pretty disorganized professor, but it was an easy class. You attend plays in the city throughout the semester and then you take a short 5 or 6 question quiz about each one. The final is an improv skit. I don't think that I would take him again, but definitely an easy A.
5.0 : I'm a huge theater nerd, so I loved this class. We saw about 5 plays throughout the semester, discussed them in class, and then took very basic quizzes about them. Other than that there is a midterm, a final, and a group improv project. Reing is a really funny guy and a great professor, kinda sassy at first but super nice when you get to know him!
5.0 : One of the most amazing professor I had so far. His lectures are not too long, and he might talk for the whole class time, but if you use your lab top or phone, he would not be offended. Moreover, the final will ask you to write a reflection paper on all of the plays that you have seen during the semester, so be aware of that.
4.0 : This class is basically taking minimal notes, and seeing a lot of plays (quizzes on those). You are tested on those notes though, so look over them before the midterm (which isn't too difficult if you pay attention). His lectures are engaging and his anecdotes are great. You have to come up with a skit though, props and all (it's a group project).
4.0 : I think professor was very kind and helpful for all her students (Including the international students) even though she looks like a strict professor. She was honesty and really wanted to push her every student to work.
5.0 : I actually want to do auditing now! Professor Risler is strict, expects you to participate in class, and has high expectations for all her students. She's a very good professor. The only complain I have about Professor Risler is that she assigns long homework assignments which didn't help me one bit.
4.5 : Professor Risler is one of the best accounting professor at Temple University. She really knows her material and only teaches what you need to know. Her exams are not hard if you study the material that she tells you to study. Go to every class and take the PowerPoint print outs with you and take notes when she lectures and you will be fine.
1.0 : she may be a good teacher to U.S. student, but she has a big bais for international student. she always has a cold face and always laugh at students. she also break her promise and even not give you a reason.
4.5 : Sure, Dr. Getz goes off on tangents and sometimes doesn't give you an essay assignment until the week before it is due; but he is a truly great professor. He makes Mosaics fun and attendance isn't as big of an issue to him as it would be to other IH professors. He is also a fair grader. Take him!
2.5 : Prof Getz doesn't take attendance which is nice, but he's a very tough grader and his lectures can get very boring because he trails off on rants talking to himself. Would not recommend
5.0 : One of my favorite professors so far! Actually had my interest during class, and was super funny. He is relatable and you can tell he really likes his job. He is a fair grader, and the workload is minimum. I suggest taking this mosaics class!
2.0 : Mosaics 1 is set up pretty bad. You think you're doing well because blogs are so easy, then you get your paper grade back and it doesn't reflect what your blog grades are. Personally, he hasn't told me how I can improve, just tells me to "rewrite".
3.5 : This dude is pretty cool and interesting, always has a quirky, funny thing to say. This class was weird how it was setup tho; in his defense, it was a tri-listed course, so it was confusing what was going on at first, and his 1st semester teaching it. He gives 3 article reviews, 3 online quizzes, 8 pg research paper. Read a little and youll be ok.
4.0 : Had Dr. Getz for Mosaics I over the summer.  Great guy.  Clearly very into the material he teaches.  Not a super easy class, but I was able to get an A while working a job full time and then doing my school work on the weekends.
5.0 : Dr. Getz is just awesome. Has a passion for what he's teaching and plenty of knowledge to just go off on tangents that'll last a good while. The prompts for his papers are also interesting so you won't dread them as much
3.0 : I don't mind the class. The professor is very knowledgeable about the texts and he cracks a lot of jokes, which helps when it's 8 AM. The lectures are usually interesting, although the class is pretty fast paced. Every third class you start a new novel, so I have a tendency to fall behind. There aren't many opportunities for grades, though.
2.0 : just nahhh tough grader on papers. blogs make you think you're doing well until you get your paper grade back.
4.0 : Class is mostly him lecturing about the book and then going off on a tangent, but he's generally witty and interesting. There's not a ton of formal discussion, so Sparknotes could suffice. He's very approachable, though a bit of a tough grader on papers. We move pretty quickly through the books, so the reading can be a bit overwhelming.
3.5 : Most of the class he spends talking about the book, the plot and themes to focus on. It is great when it comes time for essays. Beware he does give a group project, so if that bothers you I wouldn't take him. Otherwise you can rewrite any essay and he is a pretty relaxed grader about it. The only homework is a bi-weekly blog post, so its painless.
5.0 : Literally flawless
5.0 : Hands down best professor I've ever had. Relates nutrition to everyday life. Tells you exactly what you need to know for tests. Final group project is a breeze.   Powerpoints are very helpful. Absolute phenomenal teacher! Highly recommended.
5.0 : Amazing instructor. Definitely cares about you as a student. He will push you, but first he will get to know you - I respect that about him. If you want to get better as a classical percussionist or a musician, he's the guy to get you there. Practice every week, review your lesson tapes, and read the information in your lesson books!
5.0 : Osborne is such a talented professor. Very smart and can explain the material very thoroughly. The lectures are definitely note heavy and there is a lot of webassign homework, but he really helps you understand the concepts. His tests were very fair. He's actually super funny too. Totally recommend
5.0 : Currently taking Ozzy for the second time because he is by far my favorite math teacher I've ever had. His classes are "boring" and you take notes the entire time but he teaches you everything you need to know. If you pay attention in class, do the webassign HW and the assigned HW from the textbook you'll get an A
3.0 : I thought that Professor Osborne was a good teacher but I struggled to pay attention in his class. His voice is very dry, obviously he can't help that, but I am very surprised that no one has mentioned this . My advice would be to come to class with water and a full stomach so that it easier to pay full attention as calculus is a difficult subject.
5.0 : I took 1941/1942 with Mr. Osborne. He is available by office hours &amp; email. His lectures are very thorough and proceed in a logical manner. Once he presents a concept, he ALWAYS proves it. However, you don't have to know proofs for the exams. His jokes catch you off guard because of his deadpan delivery. Do the textbook problems to ensure success.
4.0 : Quiz every week which can be tough, tests are decent.  As for Professor Osborne, he does everything out, step by step, but pay attention, it can move pretty fast even with that.  He's a very funny guy, and though his voice may take a class to get used to, you'll quickly learn that he is a kind individual who wants you to succeed.
5.0 : He's the most funny, helpful, and dedicated professor I've ever known. As an international student, his voice might be a burden for me at first, but after awhile I get used to it so I do not think it's a big problem. He cares about his students a lot and is willing to open extra office hours if you have schedule conflict. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5.0 : He has an odd voice but once you get over that he is a great teacher and he explains everything very clearly. I wish I could have him for every math class at temple. Textbook is helpful for some but I didn't use it.
5.0 : Calc III was a tough class but Dr. Osborne's office hours will be your best friend.  Go to office hours and ask questions.  You will not regret it.
5.0 : He is a very good Professor. I taught Honors Calculus 2 and I really liked him. He is very helpful and gives proper feedback. His jokes are subtle so you need to be attentive in class. There is one quiz every week, usually on Fridays and there are three questions on it. It is better that you go to class everyday so as not to miss out on any lecture
5.0 : Osborne is a great professor, I highly recommend taking him if you have the opportunity. His lectures are well organized and easy to follow, not to mention he's funny. He provides detailed feedback on assignments and exams, and posts grades faster than any other professor I know. Not a bad thing to say about him!
4.5 : he taught very specifically.
5.0 : Awesome guy, definitely one of the best calculus teachers at temple. Very modest and quite humorous, He does many examples and always elaborates.
5.0 : Prof. Osborne is an incredible teacher and cares very much about the success of his students.
5.0 : Dr. Osborne is one of the nicest, most attentive professors out there. When it comes to math, there aren't many that care whether or not you can't truly grasp the concepts presented in the class lectures. Ozzy is one of the few exceptions and he's happy to take questions in and out of class.
5.0 : Prof Osborne gives very clear lecture, and if you don't understand anything, he'll be there for help. He is extremely easy, even if you are late for class so many times, he won't complain as long as you can catch up with the class.
5.0 : Dr. Osborne is low-key so funny, and a really nice guy in general. He explains things really clearly and shows all the steps.  Everyone usually feels confident on the tests if they've done the work.
2.0 : Don't buy the textbook. You don't use it. Webassign is a must. He spends an hour each class proving a theory, and only about half the class teaching you how to use it.  He assigns homework for each chapter that takes about 3 hours to get through, and he gives the quiz on these chapters about a week before this homework is due.
5.0 : Osborne is a fantastic teacher! He makes calculus simple  for anyone to understand. I would love to have him again in the future. His class even helped me to narrow down my choice of a major. Definitely take his class!!
5.0 : Osborne is awesome! I just wanna hug him sometimes he really is a great teacher! Answers questions. Learns names. Very reasonable person. I love it when he says my name. Great teacher def recommended!
5.0 : He is extremely clear and detail oriented. His jokes are also, while corny, really improve the lecture.
5.0 : Dr. Osborne is an amazing teacher and really cares about his students. Very approachable during class or office hours for questions. He writes out step by step what he is doing and even the words he is saying one the board. Overall, amazing teacher and would definitely recommend to anyone. There is no reason he shouldn't have a 5.0 rating.
5.0 : Osborne is a little monotonous and his lectures can get really boring sometimes, but he is a very nice man and a very good calc teacher. just show up, listen, take notes and you'll be fine. he answers all questions you may have and is a fair grader
5.0 : Dr. Osborne is fantastic and he is hilarious. The class is lecture heavy and he spends a lot of time proving theorems. Besides that, the class is relatively easy. Do the book problems and the webassign before the weekly quiz and you'll be set. He is a very fair grader, too. He always looks to give partial credit on quizzes and exams.
5.0 : Dr. Osborne gives very thorough lectures, and will do just about anything to improve your understanding of the concept. His lecture style relies heavily on examples. Make sure that you keep up with the homework and go to lecture and you'll be alright.
4.0 : Pros: explains complex concepts really well; maintains a healthy speed throughout semester, great review before exams, great feedback after; occasionally funny; plenty of practice work, easy online HW, moderately difficult tests   Cons: need to copy down a lot; lectures are a bit boring; his delivery is a bit dry; rushes through chapters sometimes;
5.0 : He is my favorite professor at Temple. I would take his class 100 times if I could! He knows what he is talking about. Prof. Dern can be a tough paper grader, but he gives great feedback and you do a revision. Do the study questions! They are basically the midterm/final! Overall, 10/10 recommended.
5.0 : Two papers, some discussion board posts, and two tests. All easily graded, some level of participation is a must but he makes it easy to join discussions. Very approachable.
5.0 : Is really energetic and lively during his classes.  I would absolutely take him if you get the chance.
4.5 : Professor Dern is awesome. Show up every day, participate, and laugh at his jokes and he will love you. I had a great time. Easily the nicest man I've ever met, but how tough he grades will sneak up on you. Would definitely take again
2.5 : he was a horrible teacher! Such a rude and ridiculous grader! not funny, super boring and was hard to talk to. do not take! he thinks mosaics is important..... but it really inst.
5.0 : Great teacher. Really energetic, almost to the point of being a little loud at points, but that's the closest thing to negative comment I have. 3 papers, couple of discussion board posts, mid-term, and a final. There's weekly study sessions you can go to and get extra points toward the midterm/final that really helps. 10 and 12 points respectively.
4.5 : This guy is amazing. The most engaging and entertaining professor I've had at Temple. He makes a lot of jokes and references which I found hilarious but I can understand if people find it annoying. Discussion based class, if you participate like you should time flies by. Two very easy tests, two short essays which you can revise, and participation.
4.5 : Awesome professor. Never a dull class with him. Discussions draw from the readings and provide the basis for easy participation questions. Study guide questions are the exact questions on the tests. Hard essay grader but you get to revise and if you go to office hours he's more than happy to show you exactly what he wants on your paper.
4.5 : Overall, Professor Dern is a great professor. He is very energetic and sometimes make jokes. His lectures are mainly open discussion about the readings and participation is part of your final grade. His exams are very tricky. You MUST read the materials if you want a good grade.
4.5 : Although this course has tons of Books you need to read if you follow his in class lectures then the books will be easier to understand.
5.0 : A fantastic professor! He is incredibly enthusiastic about his class and really brings the books to life in Mosaic 1. He is a bit of a tough paper grader but he gives very detailed feedback on the rough draft. I loved him so much I emailed him to beg to be in his Mosaic II class. This is my first ever teacher review, that is how much i loved him.
5.0 : One of the best professors here at Temple. He's energetic and makes the material more fun and engaging. You only have two exams (a midterm and a final), two papers, and maybe a couple small, easy assignments. His essay grading looks intimidating because he will make a lot of suggestions, most people do very well on them if they put in the effort.
5.0 : Dr. Dern is a great professor and person. Super intelligent and passionate about what he does. Hes also hilarious and loves to talk about Freud. I look forward going to his class everyday! And every class I seem to actually learn something from him! Participate in class and he will love you. There are papers but has office hrs if you need help.
4.5 : Yes he is a hard essay grader but if you put in work you can receive a B's on his papers. The most important thing is his midterm and final because they are worth the most. Although I always averaged B's on the essays I got As on the midterm and final and finished class with an A. You just have to do the study questions and you'll be fine.
4.0 : Dr. Dern is clearly passionate about the subject matter, which can be overwhelming at times, but overall, he's a great guy who does his best to make dry material exciting and relevant. Gives great feedback, not a hard class. Take close notes on what he says in class and the quotes he reads and you'll ace every paper and test
5.0 : Professor Dern is a really great professor. Super passionate about mosaics. The books were pretty boring, but if you pay attention, takes notes, and attend class everyday you'll pass. I got two B's on both papers, and A's on the midterm and final. Bring your books to class and highlight what he reads, everything ended up on the exam review sheet.
3.5 : Mrs Hegg is a great teacher!
5.0 : By far the best calc professor at Temple. Her notes are clear and so is her thought process. She takes her quizzes from the homework and a lot of her practice problems show up on the exam. She is very approachable. 8/8 would recommend
5.0 : Great professor. Energetic and always willing to help. Very enthusiastic about math. Quiz content is covered in class and homework, so as long as you keep up that you should have no problem. Exams were on the tougher side, however they are standardized throughout the math department. She does a good job at preparing you for them as best as she can.
4.5 : Super helpful during office hours. Calc was a huge struggle for me because I have never taken it. Her quizzes are extremely hard, but this prepares you for the exams. She was a great professor, but I made the mistake of not doing the "optional" homework. Take MWF classes, NOT the T/R. That way you have more time to catch up on confusing material
4.0 : Meredith is full of energy and really cares about teaching and making the class understand. Sometimes it definitely can get confusing but she is more than happy to help or go back and clarify. She is always at her office hours and will always help as much as she can. She is definitely one of the better precalc professors.
4.0 : I took MATH 1022 (Precalculus) with Professor Hegg. I am not a strong math student, but she made math more bearable. She does something called 'participation points,' where you can drop up to two quizzes with enough points. It's saving my grade. She is so clear with her lectures and is extremely helpful during office hours. I 100% recommend her.
5.0 : The best who cares!
4.5 : Great teacher. Goes above and beyond to help. Clear and approachable. Math has always been a hard subject for me so its not easy. But having Meredith as a teacher definitely helped! I highly recommend.
2.0 : As someone who got a 90 in high school precalculus, I expected this class to be an easy refresher. However, this class was the hardest math class I have taken in my life. Her quizzes are crazy hard and you will fail miserably but fortunately they are only worth 10% of your grade. Extremely face paced class with little room for questions
4.5 : This is my first semester as a transfer student at Temple and Dr. Morales-Williams is by far my favorite professor !! Two weekly journals, socratic circles, online-discussions, midterm, and group project. I absolutely love and adore her! She's young so she can relate to all of us and is very inspirational!
4.0 : Doctor Mari is a truly inspirational woman. She will make you question even the most basic of things and will give you a truly profound understanding of the world. Grading is a bit odd but you shouldn't worry about that too much. Loved her!!
5.0 : Dr. Mari has so much life experience and is so good to her students. The class is set up very non-traditionally so it's never boring and usually really fun. There is a big group project that requires community service outside of class, but the fact that there aren't tests makes up for that time. Can't recommend enough.
5.0 : This lady is possibly one of the best teachers in this world. I took this class as a gen ed credit, and I absolutely fell in love with this class. The lecture notes are short, but this class is all about participating in the open discussions. This class is all about having a safe space to share your thoughts and opinions and learn together.
4.5 : Really liked Stan, not a big fan of English but the fact that the class was focused on comedy made it a lot easier to stay involved. Lots of class discussion, a few readings and 3 papers. Go to conferences and revise your papers when you can and you should do fine. He's a really nice guy and will help if you ask. Id take him again for sure.
4.0 : He was a nice teacher and does give great feedback on papers assigned. However, he wasn't much help when it would get closer to the end of the semester. Participation matters! His papers weren't too hard but the last one was extremely difficult. Overall, he was an o.k. professor.
5.0 : He is a great professor who is welling to help his student not only with English but with their entire life. He is a great person and awesome teacher. TAKE HIM
4.0 : He's pretty great but his Intro to english studies killed me. I am not an english major.  I did some of the readings, struggled hard on the papers and did ok in the presentation. It's pretty cut and dry. You have the things and you sink or swim. He cares. Chooses unique works. You get 5 skips but I rarely SEE him take attendance. Go to office hours
5.0 : hes very nice and very understandable if you have an emergency, his class is really easy, no exams, no quizzes, nothing. just the essays. and he is amazing, take him if youre taking 812. the best out there
4.0 : great
5.0 : McDonald is such a great professor who is really welling to help his students. He cares a lot about his students' grades and he tries to make their life much easier. I had him for English 711 and 812 and I ended Up with Solid A. Moreover, as an international student, McDonald was great teacher and counselor, he tough me a lot about life in the USA.
4.0 : Stan is a gem. Not hard like other English teachers and you write only three papers. He gives good feedback and extremely helpful. You just read few articles and a book. Just take him.
4.0 : I have Dr. McDonald for a GenEd called "The Detective Novel". The class consists of reading detective fiction novels and discussing them every class period. The novels are interesting for the most part, and Dr. McDonald always brings up points you might have never thought of. He's a very helpful guy, I'd love to have him again if the chance arises.
5.0 : Classroom: It's comfortable to express your opinions. There are some discussions and small group peer reviews for your papers. Teacher: Pro. McDonald is very friendly and gives very helpful feedbacks to his students. Tests and quizzes: there are 3 essays and a cover letter for your writing process, 2 quizzes, and portfolio is very important.
5.0 : Had Stan for The Detective Novel. Great teacher, explains everything really well and is a funny and friendly guy. Lots of reading. We had around 10 novels, you can get away with not reading bc he goes over the main points so well but you will have to read a few in order to write the papers he assigns. 2 papers, a few quizzes, and two exams.
4.0 : I would definitely take him for English. He makes the lectures interesting and it makes the students want to participate! The class atmosphere is relaxed however he tries a lot to help the students get better at writing.
4.0 : Kowalkski is honestly one of the best professors I've ever had.  If you're looking for an easy A, look elsewhere, but if you truly want to learn something, Matt is the guy for you.  While some of the concepts covered in the class are difficult to comprehend, he lectures with passion and wants you took succeed.  Kowalski is a great professor.
3.0 : He is a very nice man, but is very raw with lectures . Do not take him if you are overly sensitive, or it you are not interested in history. He makes you work for your grade. Your papers have to reflect exactly what you were taught and they must convey his views. Your work must go in depth.
5.0 : If you are a history major take this man. He is hilarious and connects his class to real life issues. Be prepared to do a decent amount of reading but nothing ridiculous around 60 pages at the most. Wrote a three pager and a four pager for his class.
4.5 : The best professor I have had. All of his lectures gave me a different outlook on life. He is full of energy and is not afraid to say what's on his mind, loves to swear. He may seem intimidating at first but he's actually a really chill dude, he loves to talk about sports and film. If you talk, he'll like you. Come to class with something to say.
1.0 : He's an interesting man, loves swearing and talking about beer. His lecture notes are impossible to follow and he isn't clear on what he expects for assignments.
5.0 : hes the coolest teacher ive ever had. wanted him for all my other English classes but couldn't. super chill awesome.. hes really smart and all you really have to do is use information from his lecture and connect them with sources and hell think your a god at writing ... easy a ... but take him because he made it fun
5.0 : If you're a history or education major I'd highly recommend Professor Kowalski. His lessons are highly interactive and him being an expert in his field means you'll rarely ask a related question without him being able to expand on it. He's definitely high energy and it's pretty rare for anyone to be bored in his class. All around a great teacher.
4.0 : Really interesting guy who makes you engage with the work to complete assignments. It's kind of stressful and it's definitely not an easy A, but if he sees you participate he'll work with you. Plus you learn a lot about the world from his lectures. Curses a lot and reminds me of that scene from its always sunny where charlie's a conspiracy theorist
5.0 : 
5.0 : This mans is the goat. great teacher, great guy 10/10
5.0 : The class consisted of three papers and a 5 minute really easy group project and not a lot of reading. He's really helpful with the drafts of your papers and as long as you somewhat read the short materials he assigns and edit what he tells you to, you'll be fine.
3.0 : Prof Ingram is a good guy. For an art gen ed, I really enjoyed this class because I love writing. Some of the assignments really make you think, so don't be afraid to be creative and really push your imagination.
4.0 : Very nice man but assigns way too much homework. There are reading questions for every reading that you have to hand in, the readings are like every other eng 802 class but most teachers don't assign questions. However, these questions do make it easier to write the essays that are mandatory for english 802 classes.
4.0 : Ingram is awesome. His lectures are very interactive and there is a lot of in-class group work - A LOT, so if you don't mind that, take him. He does give discussion questions with each reading and assigns a research presentation with the final paper - which most ENG802 professors don't normally do. Otherwise, he is awesome - great with editing!
4.0 : He is an amazing professor.  Not at all difficult and very understanding. Gives helpful feedback on your essays. Would definitely recommend him
4.0 : Great with feedback and overall very nice guy! There are weekly questions assigned with each reading - not hard at all. Overwhelming amount of group work and a research presentation at the end of the semester, along with a portfolio. If you don't mind group work and presenting, highly recommend.
5.0 : Is this Missed Connections? Oh. Well, I took Ingram's class yrs ago &amp; am finally getting around to writing a review, now that I'm due to graduate.The course material wasn't wonderful (They still make y'all read that book on time-travel/race relations?) but in spite of that, the class was memorable. He's talented &amp; thoughtful, he works very hard.
5.0 : An actual saint of a professor. Super kind/easygoing, and always open for feedback. His deadlines and criteria are clear, and out of a 100-minute class he has let us out of class 20-40 minutes early numerous times. There's questions to answer for the weekly readings but that just ensures that you read them for your essays later. Ideal professor
3.5 : This man is one of the most boring professor's I've ever had and he grades extremely harsh, would recommend 010 times.
4.5 : I took his creative acts class and I loved it. Each class there was a discussion forum online that I sometimes forgot to do but he very cool about making them up at the end of the semester. I had to write three portfolios, one of which was the final. There were no tests or quizzes and no text books whatsoever. I would take his class again.
5.0 : Took Creative Acts as a Gen Ed, cool guy, easy course, no textbook. You read a couple of short stories before class and write a response, and write twenty pages worth of stuff throughout the semester. Definitely recommend it.
5.0 : Professor Ingram is a really chill guy. He's funny and easy to relate to. It's a pretty simple class with 3 papers throughout the semester, like most other English 802 classes. There are long readings, but you can skim them and get along fine in the class.
4.0 : Nice guy, a tad awk/ unsure of himself @ times. Minimal work expected in this class,. I don't think he really reads people's discussion posts, so i wouldn't waste a lot of time on that. He isn't really clear about what he's looking for with a few of the assignments, kind of a 'fly by the seat of your pants'. Grading could've been more generous
5.0 : I absolutely LOVE Professor Ingram. I have him in a night class right now and I always look forward to going. He is so chill and a really good guy. You have to answer response questions for all the readings, which can be annoying but is so helpful when you have to write papers. He assigns 3 papers throughout the semester and gives great feedback.
5.0 : Mike Ingram was a great professor. Had him for Creative Writing Capstone (ENG 3004). His work is minimal and no textbook is needed. He's a nice guy and all his assignments are fair and easy to complete. My only criticism is he needs to control his students better as a lot of them would take advantage of his niceness.
5.0 : I loved Mike. He was the perfect professor for Writing for Business &amp; Industry. He gave great feedback, personal examples, and was always willing to look over something if you wanted him to. The only catch is working on a group project all semester long.  I would definitely take him again if I ever had the opportunity.
5.0 : Augusto is the man! He is the most genuine person I have ever met. Kinda like a father figure, everyone in the class loved him. He is very willing to help his students, but the class is easy. Low workload. Class is always fun and he has one of the funniest laughs I've ever heard. He likes learning English words and thinks a lot of them are funny
5.0 : Low emphasis on speaking in this class. Mostly learning grammar, and it goes really deep with what each tense means. More writing but he lets you revise. Pretty happy guy, makes you look forward to class. You will learn. Also understanding. Get to class early and chit chat, he's a cool dude!
5.0 : Jeremy is a great guy, not much work in the class, just Bible passages every week.  He does give pop quizzes all the time though, but if you have the general idea of the readings, they're easy points.  The tests are somewhat tough, but minimal studying renders decent grades.
4.0 : He's a very nice, intelligent man and is very interested in his material. Not really much to say besides that... his pop quizzes are annoying but they don't really matter too much and he seems to have favorites in the class which I don't like... but overall, he's a nice dorky guy and The Body and The Bible was a pretty interesting class.
5.0 : Best language teacher I've ever had! Super enthusiastic, moves at a good pace with the material, compassionate, easy to talk to, always helpful. 10/10 recommend.
5.0 : The best of the best. You've got to take him.
5.0 : I would highly recommend taking him for Italian. This is my second language taken in this school and he is by far the best language teacher I have had. He will always help students when they have problems.
5.0 : Best class I have taken at Temple. He gets the most out of his students. Tests can be a little hard. Carmelo cares about his students and genuinely loves what he teaches. If you take any professor at TU, take him. He is the reason I am planning on studying abroad in Italy.
4.0 : Took Italian I with him. This guy is the real deal. Keep students engaged and really teaches the language. He assigns a lot of work, but he's not a tough grader. He doesn't grade spelling; oral exams are easy. Very nice guy with a lot to learn from. If you're at Temple and want to take Italian, this is the guy to take. You won't be disappointed.
2.0 : 3 tests that are based off of presentations of books from other students and 1 presentation. The tests are extrememly difficult because you have to remember information from the books without the help of a study guide. He gives extra credit to bump your grade up. He's okay but just be aware.
4.5 : He gives extra credit at the end of each lecture and each one adds points onto your test grade. His lectures are interesting and he really knows what he's talking about. I would definitely take him again. All of his test questions are from the textbook, not his lectures.
4.5 : Prof May was one of my favorite. Has a very earnest and straightforward temperament which is nice to learn from. Gives extra credit paper which raises grade halfway (c+ to b). Also he makes attending class optional its fun too and its extra credit added on to your test grade which is SO helpful so go to class. Study his notes. I took his nightclass
4.0 : This guy has such a dry sense of humor but he is SO funny! Work wise, just go to class and study the slides for tests. He is a very fair person and I enjoyed taking his class.
4.0 : I've heard different things about the day time class, but if you want an easy A with a great professor, go for the night class with Bradley May. Once a week, always gives extra credit, if you may attention you should be golden.
5.0 : Great teacher. Extremely helpful and is sure to make you laugh a few times throughout the semester. Attendance is not mandatory, although you really want to go because he usually gives extra credit assignments that go right to your test grades and help a lot. I just went to class and studied the night before the tests and I got an A.
5.0 : Best language professor at Temple. Namastey.
5.0 : Easy A. Easy elective. Best professor ever.
5.0 : He's super helpful and relaxed I loved his class and would definitely take the other levels.
4.0 : Seora Pardes is really caring and nice! She really wants everyone to participate in class. I spoke up often and felt my Spanish was better than others but I was only able to pull an A-. She gave me 92s on everything because of my "poor grammar", yet she never corrected my grammar while I spoke or gave specific feedback about it.
5.0 : Sra. Pardes is wonderful! She teaches a great course and is very helpful. She cares about participation and likes to give group or partner discussion in class. I would take her again. Very kind woman.
4.0 : Have had Sra. Pardes two semesters in a row now (Conversational and Composition) She is very helpful and caring. If you have issues with a concept and go to her office hours, she will take time to explain it so you can better understand the material. Pardes is very big on participation, so definitely talk in class. Great professor!!
4.5 : Good class for remembering what you did in highschool! Pardes was very energetic,and she  really cares about you and your specific learning experience.
4.0 : Seora Pardes is a good instructor, she is from Argentina so her accent is a little hard to grasp at first. Pretty much teaches right from the book activities. Overall good class, gives you good exposure to a South American accent. Buenos suerte!
2.0 : Tons of homework and tests and she's a tough grader! Attendance is mandatory and policy is pretty strict. Mandatory textbook expensive! Must be purchased new for rarely-used online access (also means no resale!). Seems like a nice lady who enjoys teaching but I don't recommend taking her class.
4.0 : Sra Pardes was a fun and energetic professor. This class was mostly a refresher for me but the other students didn't seem to struggle too much either. This class was also very similar to my high school spanish classes so that can either be a good thing or a bad thing for you. Overall, I liked her and her class.
5.0 : Pardes is a real gem! Her (Honors) Conversational Review class has definitely helped improve my spoken fluency in Spanish. The whole class loved her because of her constant energy and her sense of humor. She makes everybody feel at ease, which is key when you're trying to speak a foreign language. Fun, participation-based classes and cool projects.
4.5 : *thumbs up emoji*
4.0 : Really nice and helpful. Pretty clear cut with what she teaches. But you will need to discipline yourself to practicing and grasping the material, such as memorizing vocab. But always there to help when needed! Pretty comical too.
3.5 : Sra Pardes is a good professor all in all, but she is very tough on her students. She expects a lot of you, on the border of too much. We were expected to write at an extremely high level and were punished for not being able to do so. She criticized more than helped. Tons of homework! Has a bad habit of announcing your mistakes to the whole class
3.0 : Had Prof Pardes for Honors Conversational Review, and to be honest, she was very "meh." Not a great teacher, but she wasn't bad, either. Didn't really challenge me over the semester and I felt my skills languish a bit. Taught straight out of the textbook and she at times very uninspiring. Pretty much does minimum for you to move on to next level
5.0 : I loved having Sra. Pardes she is the sweetest woman and she wants you to get a good grade. I highly recommend taking her class. She's always super helpful and understanding.
5.0 : Seora Pardes is the best!!! I loved her so much. She is the most caring and understanding professor ever and since she's from Argentina she really knows her Spanish. She is always willing to help out and Spanish is the only language allowed in this class, but she was always helpful if you had questions in English. TAKE HER CLASSES!
5.0 : I had her 2 semesters. She simplifies the methods makes it fun and less painful. La profesora es muy bien y simpatica! She doesn't play favorite,and is interactive, helpful to all equally even outside the class. She's generous in grading, grade was curved knows that you're struggling. She's a very cool teacher I respect her. Gracias   Srta. Becky!!
5.0 : Nice teacher, class is boring but its accouting theres not much she can do about it. Tests are very reasonable, she gives practice test that are very similar. 10% of your grade is attendance/participation.
3.0 : Highly recommend taking her. She is extremely helpful and understanding. Gives extra credit for exams, which are pretty straightforward. Attendance isn't mandatory and don't even bother buying the textbook. Everything is based off homework, slides, and practice exams.
2.0 : She literally wrote the book you will use in ACCT 3511&amp;3512. Knows her stuff and is a sweet person. Good contact to have if interested in Big 4. Tests are tough but gave past exams to review and offered extra credit. Teaches directly off power points but will work you through any hang ups. Gives two projects that are lengthy but straightforward.
5.0 : Dr. Gordon is one of those Professors where you will learn and be challenged at the same time.  Intermediate Accounting was not an easy subject for me, but Dr. Gordon helped me get through the semester. Very accessible outside of class and during office hours, and always answered my questions in detail.  Great teacher!
5.0 : Professor Gordon is really nice. Clear explanations. Intermediate accounting is tough. Exams are based on review tests and class slides. Recommend to everyone.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, cares that you learn the information and uses various interactive techniques to teach the information. Highly recommend her
2.0 : She really never reminds you of assignments so you need to pay close attention to the syllabus or you won't pass. A lot of busy work, she teaches almost directly from the book and her classes are poorly structured. She's a nice person and will try to help if you are struggling, but she's really not an outstanding teacher.
4.0 : I took her for 1002 this semester I took her for SPAN 1003. Make sure you do every assignment; don't forget the labs due every Sunday on connect. Chapter Exams (4)  28%  Participation  20% Composition  5%         Quizzes (3)  10%     Homework  12%  Weekly Connect Assignments (6%)  In-class assignments (6%) Final oral  10% Final exam  15%
5.0 : Excellent teacher.
4.5 : She is a great professor!!!! If you have to take spanish, you have to take her. I came in knowing nothing in spanish and she worked with everyone and she was so nice!!! Best teacher i had so far!!
4.5 : Prof Rimate is great. She does give activities in class but it helps you in the end. She is there for you and lectures well. If you are lost and you ask she will clarify. Theres Labs for her class, in class activies, 1 presentation of a menu with your partner, two oral  she grades you by you asking the person you chose to go with (alone in class)
4.0 : Very nice, takes things slow. Make sure you do connect hw due every week.
4.0 : She is a very sweet person. When it comes to her exams though you MUST study for them.
3.5 : Did terrible in the beginning of the semester because I didn't do hw. Started doing hw and got better grades and ended with an A- which was impossible numerically to get for me so he definitely helped me out on the dl. Solid dude. Do hw tho even though it's not assigned!
3.5 : Definitely one of, if not, the best calc teachers at Temple. He knows how to portray the material so that it's understandable. He's pretty funny and tries to make lectures interesting. Calc is extremely difficult at Temple no matter who you have, but Chen definitely helps to make it possible.
4.5 : Best calc professor at Temple. You should take him for 1042.
5.0 : Very nice guy, he usually give us useful and important material for exam! If you do not attend the class,  you will miss lots of message that you won't pass the exam. Please pay attention on his class and work hard as much as possible, you will won!
4.5 : Dr. Chen is a good teacher and he's very nice. He'll help you if you go to office hours and goes over lots of problems in class. Calculus at Temple though, the Math department is sadistic. They make exams much too difficult and grade extremely harshly. The 2nd exam median was a 61. Nuff said.
5.0 : Excellent professor with one goal to help you succeed on exams.  Very funny guy, do all of the optional homework and you will be fine on his quizzes. He tends to go over necessary problems in class so pay attention and attendance is very helpful.  Textbook is helpful for a bunch of things in the class.  Tests are departmental and difficult.
4.0 : Professor Chen is great and really funny! He always goes over any questions from the previous sections at the beginning of class. Go to class everyday and do the assigned problems and you'll do great in Calc 2 even though everyone says its the worst!
5.0 : Very funny and helpful
5.0 : Had Dr. Chen for Calc II and III, best mathematics teacher i've had in my 16 year education. Every type of problem, mathematical manipulation, or trick you need to know for the exams are covered in class and in the HW.  With a bit of diligence and inquiry in class, you wont be surprised by anything on test day. Bonus: somehow he makes calc cool
5.0 : Dr. Chen is a great teacher. He gives good lectures and makes Calculus tolerable. Quizes and tests are fair and similar to the assigned homework problems (which are optional). As long as you do the work outside of class and pay attention in class, you'll be fine.
5.0 : Overall, either the best or second best professor I've had in my life (Marilena Downing being the other). He is concise, accurate and extremely knowledgable.
5.0 : Dr. Chen is a very good math teacher. Although he may seem unapproachable at first, he is a very friendly personal. His explanations of complex problems really makes sense and his straightforward teaching method is also easy to follow. Only gripe is his amount of McDonald's consumption...
4.5 : By far the most entertaining math lectures I've ever attended.   He will draw, make jokes,  even dance if he has to in order to make students understand the material. He's articulate even with his accent. He's there when you need help. And he made me like Calc 3 and that's not easy.  One of the best professors at Temple
4.5 : This was the most organized course I've had at Temple. Sally helped us get started on our weekly lab programming assignments and gave us sample code. It was fun to write python animations using sprites. She reviewed for the quizzes in class so I was able to do better on them. She was usually interesting in class and helpful outside of class.
5.0 : I liked how Sally gave us a tutorial before asking us to do something totally new. It really helped to see examples first. I liked how we learned something new each week and how we got quizzed on it to make sure we really got it (no mid-term was pretty cool too). Sally was just a fun, easy going instructor- couldn't ask for more.
5.0 : The lectures were thorough and we learned alot of different web programming languages like html, css, javascript, sql, etc. I feel like I got a very strong understanding of web development &amp; database mgt from this course. The instructor provided a demo of the lab assignment during the lecture so we would know what we will be doing in lab.
5.0 : This instructor is one of the best there is. The sample code and explanations were very helpful. I liked the layout of the labs -- each one had functional requirements, design specs, suggested approach, etc.
5.0 : I learned a lot about javascript, html/css, bootstrap and Angular. Lecture code demos helped us gets started on the weekly lab assignments. Class material was very well organized with lots of tutorials, videos, and sample code posted on line. I think she should have required a consistent theme throughout all the pages of our website, though.
5.0 : The labs were good helping us to understand all the different languages/technologies needed to write a web application. Sally was helpful when students had programming questions. Last year I tried to create a website but ran into too many obstacles. Now Im comfortable writing web APIs and calling them using ajax.
5.0 : The java/JSP database access sample code was pretty helpful. Its always easier to learn how to program something when I have a working example to compare to. But sometimes she gives too much sample code. I wish she would cover newer server side technology, but I think she's going to have students write a server side framework next time.
1.5 : Easily frustrated, lacks rubrics for assignments where you use code for lab assignments. Stick to her script or she'll take off points for no reason and act like its your fault.  Generally easy class, however don't anger the sleeping giant within this woman.
5.0 : I don't have a huge interest in programming, but Sally made it as interesting as possible. The hands on teaching helped me learn the material the best. She was very good at explaining everything and helping everyone individually when they were having problems.
5.0 : Sally and the TA were incredibly helpful in lab. They both wanted to make sure you knew what you were doing rather than just getting it done. It was the most interaction with instructors I've had in my Temple CIS courses. If you want to learn how to create web sites, I'd recommend this class.
5.0 : The class is basically all power points and he puts them online. study the slides and pass his test. A few 1 page papers that are easy and if you answer all the parts you get 100.
5.0 : Hanson was a great professor. He really knows what he is talking about and I found most of the material really interesting. Make sure to participate and do the readings as he factors that into the final grade.
5.0 : She is so nice. Follow her instructions, you will get a straight A
5.0 : She is so so so so nice. I like her very much. She is good at teaching students. She has patience on revising your paper. Just follow what she let you do, and you will get at least A-
5.0 : Straight A. She is so nice
5.0 : Just follow her instructions, you will get A.
5.0 : I like her very much. I finally got A.
5.0 : She is supper nice. She help you summary the readings, which means you do not need read a lot of readings. I just follow her instructions, and I got an A.
4.5 : Ray is one of the kindest professors I've ever had. He genuinely cares about his students. Take some time to get to know him! Pay attention in class and you will do well on the essays. He explains the material very thoroughly. The midterm/ final are also easy if you take notes and memorize the terms he writes on the board.
5.0 : Ray is the nicest guy. Hands down the best professor I have had at Temple, and I am a senior. Sad I won't be able to take another class with him.
3.0 : Took him for Ethnicity and Imm. Experience gen ed. Ray is very nice, but the class is extremely boring. Doesn't take attendance but has random group activities that count for attendance. Grade based on only quizzes and tests which is are kind of tricky; questions aren't on general concepts, more like specific dates and events.
4.0 : Raymond is a really sweet guy and this class is fairly easy. The lectures in class are not that important for the quizzes, midterm and final because those questions are from guided reading study guides. He does random group activities that are really easy for attendance and quiz days and the class after quiz days also count for attendance.
5.0 : I definitely enjoyed this course with Professor Halnon. He's a laid-back guy with a corny sense of humor, and classes are essentially class discussions pertaining to the readings. Make sure to have good attendance (you only get one "free" absence) and participate well in class. You have a weekly 1 page blog post, readings, and two 6 page papers.
3.0 : This class wasn't as easy as I thought it was going to be, not all test questions come from the review guides.  He doesn't take attendance every class and instead randomly takes it by using in class small group activities.
5.0 : Honors version of this class is extremely easy. No quizzes, tests, or projects - only a few short papers for the midterm and the final. Short weekly blog posts online as well. IMO he lectures too much instead of letting us discuss, so it can be really boring, but he is so nice to the students and this is the easiest honors gen ed ever.
4.0 : He's such a nice teacher and knows what he's talking about. He grades you on 4 short papers, a midterm, final, and attendance. If you listen to his lectures you'll do well.
5.0 : Professor Raymond was amazing. The class was a GenEd course, but I enjoyed it more than many of my Major courses which says a lot because who likes GenEd courses?. Sure, conversations would sway every now and then, but they all had a common purpose and everyone's opinion mattered.   Participate in class, open your mind, and the rest is done.
2.0 : Mosaics, yes Mosaics an elective given to students so Temple can make their money. You would expect this class to be interesting, exciting, fun but no. Get ready to sit for 50 mins while Halnon does nothing but mumble jumble. He doesnt engage students at all. 4 essay, mid term, and a final. Each test has 50 questions with no word bank. no x credit!
5.0 : compared to my mosaic 1 professor, professor halnon made it SO much better. He assigned 4 short papers and as long as you show up to class and pay attention you'll understand the readings if you're having trouble. Main ideas of the readings are discussed in class so papers are easy. Overall GREAT prof, definitely recommend taking him.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite Teacher ever! I had his IH class 8am and never was there a dull moment . Professor Halnon always engaged the class and did not force his point of view on anyone. Many times me and him discussed opposing point of views , but that is what made the class so compelling. I recommend his class to anyone who needs to take IH!
5.0 : OMG I LOVE THIS WOMAN SO MUCH!!! SHE IS BEAUTIFUL AND PERFECT IN EVERY WAY! She is also so invested in the students that she has no matter if it is for a class or in her office! LOVE!!! GREAT PERSON TO GET TO KNOW!
3.0 : Naveen provides many practice problems + sets clear expectations for quiz/test material. However, I personally did not like her teaching style-- the entire class was lecture + problems with few breaks to process the material or work with classmates. I felt like I was getting fed info but couldn't digest it. Find a way to focus + you should be fine.
4.0 : She knows the materials and really puts effort into preparing every class. She gives more time for time value of money when some people don't understand it. Her quizzes and homework help a lot in preparing for the tests, which are not hard at all. She's very lenient and responsive to emails. Come to class paying attention and you'll do fine.
4.0 : Really easy upper level honors class. everything including tests is done on excel.
5.0 : I would recommend this professor to anyone. Naveen is incredibly caring, and works to make you understand the material. Every class there is either a quiz or homework due, but neither are ever super hard. She does not trick you, the problems we do in class are the problems on the exams/quizzes/homeworks. Easy honors intro finance course.
5.0 : I loved Professor Naveen.  She did a good job of providing many examples and practice problems so everyone could understand the material.  The homework is similar to class problems, and I emailed her a few times for help and she responded very quickly.  The tests are basically the same as the practice exam.  The class was almost too easy for honors
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had. Speaks in Spanish most of the time but switches to English if you don't understand. Very easy going and helpful. Doesn't care if you can't speak Spanish very well as long as you try. Calls on random people during class but the class work is so simple and usually in groups. Definitely take her!!
2.0 : I took Prof. Piera for Hispanic Readings. While she was extremely engaging and class passed by very quickly she was somewhat difficult to understand at times. I unfortunately had a rough semester and was very sick at one point. She never wrote back to a single email I sent her. She's demanding and you will have multiple reading assignments a week.
4.0 : Learned a great deal.
4.5 : Great teacher, but be prepared to work for your grade and don't skip the lectures! He can be pretty strict about things, but he's very charismatic, a great language teacher, and it's hard to not like him. Study hard for his tests though because he does take off points for accents!
4.0 : Took him for 2096. Biggest critique is over-reliance on book and Supersite for homework, like many in FL at Temple. He's a hilarious, knowledgable guy though. Always willing to help over email and in person, taking time out of his day to help you with your Spanish 1 on 1 in office hours or during his free time. Not a ton of work, fun, learned a lot
5.0 : Josh is serious about attendance and being on time, but he also creates a really chill environment, and you can tell he really wants his students to learn.
5.0 : I have taken him for Spanish and Portuguese and Josh is my favorite language professor at Temple. If you want to learn a language, and have fun doing it, Josh is the professor to take. The classroom environment is fun, laid back and you really get to know your classmates. He assigns homework every class, but it never takes more than half an hour.
3.5 : Really nice and helpful. He's kind of a trickster so you may be confused on some assignments. You definitely need the textbook and most of your grade is participation. If you are shy I might not recommend him as a professor because you have to talk and present often.  Also he is so cute. If you're distracted by cute professors definitely skip him
5.0 : Josh is an amazing professor! He really thrives off of class participation and is very understanding of each students' knowledge of Portuguese. He provides a wonderful atmosphere for learning in the classroom that inspires you to attend each day. He is funny, outgoing, down to earth and extremely helpful. Each exam has the same format and are easy!
5.0 : I adore this guy. Really nice, really smart, makes class fun, and easy on the eyes.
4.5 : Don't buy the textbook and don't even bother paying attention in class. You can just Google all of the answers to hw and exams, lol. Really boring class but super easy to pass. I sat there on my phone every single class and he never said anything.
4.0 : Ayranci is such a sweet man, and he is very understanding. The tests are ALL ONLINE, even the final. There are homework's throughout the semester, and a debate at the end of the semester, but this is a really, REALLY easy class. I just go to class for the attendance grade, and do other work for other classes.
5.0 : He is the greatest teacher.. Thank you so much
5.0 : He is the man. Professor Berk makes the class easy and he doesn't really mind anyone turning the homeworks late or come late to class. He is hilarious sometimes. All students love him !
5.0 : Awesome teacher,definitely would take him again...
5.0 : Homework is very easy, turn it in on time or you get a 65%. Very easy grader. Only two labs during the semester. Exams are online and open note. Don't purchase the textbook, everything is in the powerpoints. Also rounds up grade if you are .5% away.
4.0 : Such a cool &amp; laid-back guy. Class was always lecture except for 2 easy lab days. The TA harshly graded labs but prof. was willing to relook them over and boost your grade. Online multiple choice exams which were easy. He gave homework sometimes, but you always got at least a 90 if you answered the 2-3 questions he assigned. Easy group debate. A+++
5.0 : Probably the best professor at temple for Engineering. If you see Berk teaching a class, hop on it!
4.0 : Everything you've read about Professor Ayranci is true. All of the tests are easily googled and the class never gets less than a B on any test. Dont bother buying the textbook. I never even used it once the whole semester. Only 4 tests are given all semester and they're all online. Would absolutely take again for an easy GenEd credit with no work
5.0 : Professor Ayranci is the coolest teacher I ever met. His lectures are not boring and inspirational. I am so glad I took his class. Will take his class over and over. Thank you, Prof. Ayranci.
5.0 : She's a great teacher and all but she didn't know hawaii was a state.  I therefore award her no points and may god have mercy on her soul.
5.0 : Honestly, the best professor at Temple. I had her for two of my classes and she was amazing. Not only did she give great advice, she was super sweet and cool about everything we did in the class. Extremely understanding and just plain awesome.
5.0 : Jillian is one of the best instructors at Temple. She's understanding of struggles students face, whether it be in their personal lives or with the course material. She makes sure that if you work hard and present a good effort, you will be rewarded. It is inspiring to have a teacher like her who makes you believe in your abilities and yourself.
5.0 : She deserves an updated rating because she is so awesome! One of the nicest, easygoing and helpful professors I've ever had. She's willing to work with each student individually no matter what their skill level is. She is an easy grader, and understands if you have problems or concerns.
5.0 : Jill is a total sweetheart! She's so helpful, answers emails pretty quickly, and she will sit with you and help you with your projects for as long as you need her. Gives excellent feedback and gives off a very relaxed feel. Very approachable and easy to talk to when you have a problem. Love love love her! Best TAlab instructor I've ever had.
5.0 : She is a wonderful professor. She obviously truly cares about her students and is very helpful. The exams aren't easy but she provides study guides and the lectures are very straightforward and informative.
4.5 : She was awesome. Really kind and really helpful. Class is basically mandatory but everything she talks about she makes interesting. Only big project is annotated bibliography, but she'll talk to you if you have questions.
5.0 : BETH IS THE BEST TEACHER EVER! I would take her all over again if I could. She's seriously so awesome! You actually have to try to fail, in order to fail. Just show up, pay attention, and review the notes. You will pass the class with no problem. Midterm and final (non accumulative) and then an annotated bibliography. That's all!
4.0 : Professor was super nice and I learned so much from her. If you really want to learn about religion, take her.
5.0 : She is wonderful.  So incredibly nice and helpful, really wants everyone to do well.  Also smells really nice.  I've really learned a lot from her and she explains things very well.  I wish I could hire her to teach me piano privately, so sad I could only take her twice!
5.0 : She's the best! She's so kind, patient, and helpful. She's obviously a brilliant musician, but she doesn't make beginner students feel inferior. Assignments include practicing songs to play the following week and two 1-page concert reports.
5.0 : Shes very nice. She has clear expectations for the quizzes and really helps you during the small amount of class time. Would recommend her to any student
5.0 : He's a really great guy. He's hardworking, and very smart. Definitely the best engineering professor at Temple. Even with tough content, he explains clearly and will continue to explain until you understand. His classes are tough though, he expects you to learn because he gives you every opportunity to.
5.0 : He is one of the best. Also, I was very happy because he remembered me even two years after my graduation.
2.5 : This is a really interesting class, but for a gened it's waaaaaay too difficult. Also I signed up last minute. The tests are difficult but the final paper gets graded pretty easy :)
5.0 : Excellent professor. Teaches with clarity and not tricks. He has a knack for determining if you really understand the material or not, through the test. One of the best teachers I have ever had.
5.0 : Shes a great professor, best I've had even, she will gives great lectures and really inspired me to pursue my asian studies major
1.0 : Tests are tough and quizzes every class! Expect you to study! NO matter how hard you work, you will get out of this class getting a B- the highest!
5.0 : professor Yoshida is very helpful and passionate. She is always there to help you and I actually learned a lot from this course. She expects you to work hard and follows the textbook so it is easier to review for the exams. Would definitely take her again.
4.5 : Japanese Elements 1. There will be quizzes and homework every class; make sure you use your Genki 1 textbook a lot. Yoshida sensi does very well to explain things but still rely on the textbook to guide you. Quizzes and homework every class can be frustrating at times, but I got through it in the end. homework and quizzes become routine. Good Luck!
4.0 : Professor Mannion was one of my favorite teachers last semester.  She always is clear about her assignments &amp; has writing workshops where students edit eachothers work which is very helpful.  Prof. Mannion also really cares about her students &amp; was always willing to have visitors to her office hours.  She's super sweet and I'd definitely recommend
5.0 : I took Professor Mannion's Irish Literature class. That is her area of speciality, and it showed; her knowledge of Irish history, literature, and culture made concepts clear. Paper assignments were clear, and comments were directed toward improving your writing. Overall, it was a great class, with wide-ranging readings and interesting lectures.
4.0 : Comes off tough at first but really wants you to do well. Lots of kids go to office hours, shes super sweet and funny. Breaks down your grade really clearly at the beginning of the semester. For 902, three essays were most of your grade. If you miss more than four classes, you fail.
5.0 : This was one of my favorite classes- great lecturer; really knows her stuff; loved this class. Inspired me to take my first trip to Ireland.
4.5 : Dr. Price is one of the best professor at Temple hands down.  This is a fact that he already knows and is not shy about stating this fact.  He wants every student to be successful but it does require alot of work which most student aren't willing to invest.  Read the book before lecture, do ALL the problems not just the ones assigned. Then do more.
4.0 : Price is not just extremely knowledgeable about chemistry but an actually clear and enthusiastic educator as well. His class separates the men from the boys. Attend lectures and practice beyond the homework problems. Overall his class is worth it!
3.5 : You have to study like a week in advance for his class and really dedicate yourself to put in the work. He does the problems by hand and actually knows how to teach. Do all the study guides and practice exams and do problems! Mastering Chem is important too so don't skip out on that. If you pay attention your good
5.0 : Dr. Price is by far the best General Chemistry teacher. He gives clear lectures and his teaching style is second to none. He does not simply show you the information, but he does it with you to get a better understanding. I took him again for Gen Chem 2 because of how good he was and I would take him for every class if I could.
3.0 : If you do not want to struggle, do not take his class. He is a very strict professor, his tests are very difficult and you need to study at least 2 hours a day in order to do okay in his class. There are 5 exams and a final which is cumulative. If you want to pass go to his office hours a lot. He's a great professor but a really tough one too.
4.5 : Dr. Price is an incredible professor.  He's clear in his notes, and while his exams are a bit on the difficult side, they're still fair.  As long as you really know and understand the material you shouldn't have a problem getting an A.  I wish he taught organic chemistry, I would have taken him in a heartbeat.
5.0 : I had a different prof for ChemI, and was completely lost the entire time. I decided to take Price for Chem2 and really regret not taking him before.  Chemistry is a very difficult subject, and unless it comes naturally to you, you  have to put in a lot of work for your grade regardless of the professor. Price is amazing and prepares you very well.
4.0 : Everyone praises Price for being an amazing lecturer but I don't see why. HE'S NOT A BAD PROFESSOR but he's not that great. His exams are reasonable. His lectures are okay; if you don't study outside of class you definitely won't get an A. Always available for office hours. Incredibly messy handwriting. The textbook is almost useless in this course
4.5 : He is an amazing professor and I would absolutely recommend him to all students. I have never been good at chemistry but due to his extreme helpfulness I now have an A- in the course.
5.0 : He is the best chemistry professor I ever had in Temple so far (I am sophomore now). He teaches clearly and is well organized. If you go visit him during his office hours, he will answer your question clearly. He is helpful, clear. His exam is bit harder, but he prepares you for Final exam very well. You should study some and will get A. Take him.
5.0 : i wish there was a 3.5 difficulty. He is very clear in his lectures. not too much HW and answrs r online. He rlly knows chem. go to class and review the notes and prac. tests  He is concise and helpful. You have to really understand the material in the class to do well on the test. Make sure you THINK CRITICALLY on the tests. Its possible to get A.
4.0 : TAKE HIM! Of all the gen chem professors, Price actually knows his stuff and teaches it well. Everyone gets the same tests, so don't let people tell you he is harder. If you can, please TAKE HIM.  If you do all of his study guide problems and pay attention in class, you will pass with flying colors! IF YOU LOVE YOURSELF TAKE HIM
5.0 : Everyone says chem 2 is the hardest chem compared to orgo and such. Taking Price made me feel as if chem 2 was easier than chem 1. He is SUCH  a great professor and explains topics as well as concepts very well. I learned WHY things had to happen and why I was doing certain calculations. I didn't get an A but I learned it very well.
5.0 : BEST chemistry teacher ever! His notes are VERY helpful he explains everything perfectly. His exams are somewhat difficult but if you pay attention in class and study good you'll be fine.
4.5 : I love Price! Best Chem professor on campus. I am a senior and had Price for Chem 1&amp;2. I decided to take again for Inorganic since its specialty. The class is difficult but he is more than happy to help and gives study guides that are very similar to actual exam. Would definitely recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Price is among the most respected faculty members at Temple University. Has amazing lectures and writes out own notes to prepare you for exams. Very flexible office hours and he is willing to help. You must put in the effort work for your grade. The exams are tough but chemistry is a difficult subject.
3.5 : Best gen chem 1&amp;2 professor in the chem department.
5.0 : Pretty easy class overall. The recitation quizzes are easy and his lectures are very clear cut. His study guides for his exams are clear cut and a great way to study. I stopped reading the textbook half way through the class. He gives extra credit on exams and at the end of the semester adjusts the grading criteria based on the class average
5.0 : He is a great teacher but challenges you more than other profs. He doesnt include people who avg. under 60 in his curve so his curves are never the same as Childs or Smith. Prices sections will do better on the final but his exams are tough (study more than a day before). If u can learn by doing the textbook alone then take childs, smith, etc..
4.0 : Best chem professor I have taken at Temple.  Very helpful and clear in lecture.  Very easy to understand because of his teaching style.  Definitely take him if you truly want to learn in Chem. (only downfall is that there is NO CURVE!!!!)
3.5 : Go to class and you might be okay. Exams are extremely tough, expect quizzes weekly from recitation. I decided to switch majors after taking this class, it made me realize that science was not for me. He is a reasonable professor, but just DON'T expect curves. A lot of other professors curve a lot, but Price does not.
5.0 : One of the best chemistry professors there are at Temple, Straightforward about what is on exam, not to mention the great notes.
4.0 : I had Ramella for Chem 1 and I did not understand the subject. Then I took Price for Chem 2, which is much more harder but worth it because I understood what was being taught. Don't the homework just to get it done, work them out and study them &amp; go to class. It will help you prepare for the exam in advance instead of cramming for it.
4.5 : I had Price for both  chem 1 and 2, and he is by far the best chem professor at Temple. He is clear on what he wants and how to succeed in his class. However, his tests are very hard and  he does not curve at all. If you are a pre-med/pharm student and need the A, I highly suggest taking a different teacher and sitting in on  Price's lectures.
4.5 : If you like learning material by studying handwritten notes that are neatly outlined by a professor during lecture, Price is the man for you.  Crystal clear definitions &amp; example problems.  Know everything inside and out, study for recitation quizzes, and DO THE EXTRA CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES and you will succeed.  Great study guides for tests.
4.0 : Dr. Price is a great lecturer. Very clear in his expectations and he offers great resources to prepare for exams. It's not an easy class. You should do your HW, practice exams, and review notes if you want to succeed. Extra credit is built into the exams but that's it. This semester an A started at 94.2 (i.e., a curve won't necessarily help you).
5.0 : I took Ramella for Chem 1 &amp; it was terrifying b/c I DID NOT learn anything &amp; got a C+ with the curve. I'm so glad I took Price for Chem 2 because even w/o curve i got a C+. His exams are pretty hard, but he does give out extra credit for each exam so that's basically all the curve you will get! If you want a A, read the textbook b4 coming to class.
5.0 : If you want a quality chemistry education take this man. He is by far the best general chemistry teacher on the campus. He really helps prepare you for his tests even though they can be tough  since they really require you to think about the problem. I did the recommended problems he gave and more questions at the end of the chapter and did fine.
5.0 : Price is full of knowledge and potential. He is very thorough in his explanations and his lectures are very interesting. Go to his office hours, he will help to his best. Tons of extra credit. His class has the highest average among all other professors.
3.5 : Do not take Dr. Price.  He is a very good teacher but a very unfair grader.  The other chemistry teachers at Temple curve your grade ridiculously, even if they aren't as good at teaching.  Take Ramella, and just read the chapters and you'll be set.  Very sad I took Dr. Price.
1.0 : Very hard exams, no curves. quizzes can either be simple or difficult. If you don't study for 2 hours a day or more, you won't get a good grade. Make sure to do as many problems as you can, he will choose the hardest and put it on your exam. However he does drop 1 lowest exam, and his lectures are solid but that's about it.
4.0 : Chem was difficult and it took a lot of work to get the grade that I did, but Dr. Price is awesome.  He might seem intimidating at first, but if you go to his office hours he will help you with homework and learning concepts, and is really nice. I am a pre-med student and I learned so much as opposed to some of my friends who had other professors.
2.0 : his exams were terrible and his lectures were very boring to the point I almost slept in all of his lectures. The time he gives for the tests is very very short. Do not bother taking him because that will only ruin your GPA. You will end up studying by yourself anyways and make the right choice.
4.0 : Dr. Price's students' exam scores generally have a higher average than the other lecturers' students'.
3.0 : The test are hard and a bit too heavy for only 50 minutes, I would be rushing too much to finish which doesn't help even though I studied hard. The recitation quizzes where the same too many question (or work for questions) for 10 minutes (even though some classes TAs changed the quizzes apparently for certain students) Study and do homework!!
3.0 : He is good teacher. Just attend his lectures and do study 12 hours like he says. Chemistry is a hard subject but the semester fly by so quickly you don't realize. Dr. Price is always there to help if needed, go to his office hours. There are 4 test and 1 final all are hard but he prepares you for them just study his lecture notes &amp; practice exam.
4.0 : Price taught inorganic chemistry well (his specialty). He is a nice man, knowledgeable and approachable. In this class he graded very generously. For those considering him for gen chem, do it. You will learn more than with Ramella, etc. They curve heavily because they don't teach well. Take a good teacher, do your best, and the grade will follow.
2.5 : Dr. Price is a very good chem professor but I always somewhat struggled in chem. He is a very tough grader and is strict. Basically whatever you get on your exams will be your final grade. He doesn't give you any options to improve your grade. He also doesn't curve at all compared to Ramella or other professors. If you can handle chem, take price.
4.0 : Dr Price is a very clear cut professor and breaks topics down in a way everyone can understand. With this in mind, Price DEFINITELY underplays a lot of the topics he teaches in terms of importance, then it will be a driving force on the exam. Get ready to read, do the problems he assigns, and pray he's in a good mood when he writes his exams
4.5 : BEST PROFESSOR IVE EVER HAD. Clear with what he expects &amp; it very helpful and smart. I was nervous coming into this class b/c of other things I have read, but i know students with other teachers who do not learn as much as Price's students. If you want to get an A, do study 12 hours a week, come to lectures, practice problems &amp; practice exams
4.0 : Exams are nothing like other sections, they're are harder than exams that CLASS gives out, 32 multiple choices on 4 exams, have to really get the concepts in order to ace it. Practice is the key to everything. Funny prof. who writes his own notes and projects it as he explains.
5.0 : Price is British, so that already makes lectures less miserable. He is very educated and respected in the Chemistry department. He makes himself available for office hours. Exams are tough, but there is a class curve. Recitation quiz every week. Study and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Coming into Price's class I was really nervous. I heard his exams were harder than all of the other Gen Chem 1s, and although that may be true for some tests,  he prepares you for them and is open to help you. Take advantage of his office hours. His class is not the class to "cram" for the night, or even two nights before the exam.
4.0 : Price is a good teacher and would totally recommend taking for Gen Chem 1 and 2. He may come off a little hard, but if you put in the work and dedication, it will all pay off in the end. His tests are challenging, it totally prepares you for the final which is ten times easier.
4.0 : Price is a great lecturer. His style of lectures are where he writes the notes along with you so it isn't fast-paced. His exams are a bit tough, but they are totally fine if you study using his practice tests and study guide.
5.0 : Dr. Price is the best Chemistry professor at Temple University. His lectures are very informing, and he is very helpful with his office hours. He loves students who come to him for help and he is very friendly and willing to help no matter what. If you have a question, he will have the answer. Dr. Price is very fair and his tests match his teaching
5.0 : As a lab instructor, he was very clear in the demonstrations and expectations for the experiments. Before each lab, there was a quiz based on the lab. Lab reports are all group and due two weeks after the experiment. There was a written final at the end but straightforward. Go to office hours because he helps a lot with the lab reports.
5.0 : Pretty Good! I finished the class with an A- and plan on having him again for General chemistry II. In the beginning i was struggling only because I did not do exactly what he said. Basically to do well you must study 12 hours a week, analyze the textbook and do many problems. You can find problems in the textbook, the workbook and the online Hw.
4.0 : Favorite teacher of my first semester of college. She was helpful, caring, and had a slight (and cute) German accent. We did a lot of busy work in class, but it was only to benefit us. She was great at giving feedback and explaining grammar lessons in several different ways to ensure that everyone understood what she was saying. Delightful class!
5.0 : Excellent professor. Explains material clearly and test on what he teaches. No surprises or tricks. Test are not easy but if you study you will do fine.
5.0 : Truly a great professor.  Very inspirational and gives excellent feedback on your business plan.  He gives many examples on course topic from his professional experience.  Workload is reasonable.  Strongly suggest taking his class.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have ever had at Temple. He lets you turn in every assignment again after he grades it and tells you what is wrong with it. Take him, you won't be disappointed.
5.0 : Professor Carey is an amazing person who truly cares about ALL his students. He's one of the reasons why the entrepreneur program @ TU is ranked top 10 in the country. He devotes all his time, knowledge &amp; heart into every idea his students have. I'm so grateful. I'm at a loss of words &amp; I don't know how to thank him enough. - Jung, Marketing major
5.0 : Prof. Dwight Carey for the President! Amazing human being and an outstanding professor.
5.0 : So personable! His experiences, stories, and communications were so appealing, eye-opening, and awe-inspiring. He is such a talented, knowledgeable, and kind man. I've never had such an amazing business class where I learned as much as I did in so many different industries.
5.0 : You wont find a better professor. By far the most inspiring person I know! Applying knowledge gained from his class, I was able to triple the annual revenue of one company, I am currently working on doing the same for a second company, and Ive started my own business. All because of Professor Carey... the man is a national treasure.
4.5 : He's such a hipster and nice guy! He didn't make us buy books and gave interesting essay topics. You need to attend class and read things he assigns, gives pop quizzes after every reading. I recommend him to everyone!! He's decently easy and understanding of situations.
4.0 : Matt was so awesome to have as a professor. He doesn't assign long papers and his class is focused around memory as opposed to all of the other classes that make you write about art and sculptures. He rarely assigns homework and made the class a very welcoming environment. Love him
5.0 : Great class, great professor, and great guy. Really explains on how to improve your writing and always willing to help. He is also great to have a conversation with!
5.0 : Greatest English teacher I have ever had. Truly knows what he is talking about and cares about his students.
4.0 : Class was interesting, the theme was memory and cognition. All of our writings dealt with memory. We got to pick specufic topis to write about. Besides the 3 essays, he often had us read and then turn short assignments in on BB. He is so helpful. Also very lenient. He makes the class enjoyable. 9 out of 10, would recommend!
4.5 : Matthew Smith is my favorite teacher this semester. I was nervous about my first college English course, but he made it really enjoyable. He's very cute and laidback and passionate about what he does. If you get the chance please take him, no one else would be a better choice!! oh and no textbook btw-only three essays and a couple tiny quizzes
5.0 : 10/10 This guy was my favorite Professor and the class was very interesting dealing with memory. I would take any of his courses
5.0 : makes the class personal. theme is memory. 3 papers, 4 short readings. no quizzes or tests. made the class interesting. I hate writing papers and he made it enjoyable! He is a great professor and is there to help if you need it. would highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Smith really cares about his students and how well they do in the class. It really helps that he is interested in the subject, too! There are only 3 short essays and barely any reading. If you get the chance to take his class, do it!
5.0 : Professor Smith is the teacher you MUST TAKE for English 802!! His overall theme of class is "memory+perception"; he is extremely passionate about this topic. He has class discussions and the assignments are interesting and easy-going. I've learned more about writing essay in this semester course alone, than ever before! I HIGHLY recommend him!!
4.5 : BItman is a BORING guy. But he's a nice guy. If you ask him for an explanation to something or if you need help, he'll give it to you. The class is clear-cut, he's a fast grader, and it's mandatory for Journalism majors so take it in stride.
4.0 : Professor Bitman is a great teacher. This class is not demanding. All quizzes are open notes, so they are an easy A. Writing is involved, but it is not too intense! He is funny, mostly because he tries to be. He gives extra credit to students who are doing something in the field (writing/reporting). I would definitely take another class of his.
5.0 : Professor Bitman wants his students to succeed. He is a great guy and is truly passionate about journalism. The textbook that you must have is the AP Stylebook to write your papers. The class is easy, he clearly tells you what he is looking for. Went out of his way to compliment his students at the end of the semester. Take his class!
4.0 : He's actually a pretty cool professor. He knows what he's talking about and it's easy to tell he cares whether we understand everything or not. Tests are open notes, we have several assignments that get graded. Given his background as a writer for The Inquirer, he's a great teacher of this course. Would take his class again.
4.5 : Bitman is great! Not a tough grader if you follow instructions. Knows what he's doing. Encourages students to think outside the box + gives great feedback. Quizzes are open note, notes on blackboard. Lots of assignments but they're easy if you pay attention. Stickler for AP Style. Get the stylebook. Come to class - there are in-class assignments.
3.0 : He doesn't put slides up on blackboard so you have to attend class to get the material. There's also 2 mid-terms, 2 essays, and a group project that you present in front of the whole class.
5.0 : Great guy and professor. Took something I didn't really care about and made it an enjoyable hour MWF. Attendance is taking but it's worth showing up, especially if you have a small class like mine w decent discussion. Not difficult either
5.0 : take him for language in society (human behavior gen ed)! lectures are straightforward, copy down slides as he does not post them online, 2 tests are open note and 2 short essays graded by TA. I missed class for a week while sick and in the hospital and he was very understanding and willing to work things out. very interesting class overall.
4.5 : One of the easier classes of my semester. Although I'll admit it was more learning of the language than the actual culture, at the end of the semester he gave us a choice to either keep learning the language or culture. He's a really easy grader, especially if he sees you put in work (which is really not all that hard). He's super nice-take him!!
5.0 : Dr. Hesson is a great teacher. He's funny, and tries to help students understand. He goes by the book, though, and his tests/quizzes are pretty difficult unless you read the book. But he gives a lot of problem sets, which are easy As and he doesn't take attendance. All and all good professor.
5.0 : The class seems easy until you get the exams. They're open note but very very difficult! Hesson is very knowledgeable on the material and is always there for help. There's 2 exams, 2 essays, and a final project. Overall I would recommend this class because you learn a lot from it. Read the textbook. It will help a lot for exam time!
5.0 : he is very knowledgable and was very helpful with material. used online textbook, 4 exams and a final paper.
4.0 : This was an online class, very good, interesting and easy going.  There are weekend quizzes, directed and easy to follow since he discusses the topics in his podcasts.  very recommended.
3.0 : Two exams that are midterms. Theyre open book but he made it hard i thought. For the short answer part he had like 5 questions in one question. Theres two essays and a group project at the end. The TA basically ruined our grades. I heard hes chill grader. Class wasnt bad tho. U can skip. Just ask someone to sign u in. Hessons not bad nice guy.
5.0 : He's super passionate about the topic. Learning another language is a challenge especially one that's so different from anything most people have ever seen and he definitely takes that into account. Class was fun and while it's mostly about Maya language, documentary days were nice for chilling after tests and getting to learn about the culture.
5.0 : He's great! So passionate and clear about what he says. If you are absent, just ask for notes. There's only 2 tests (open note) and 2 short papers. Then an easy group project as a final.
4.0 : Lectures are funny, clear, &amp;  interesting. Online books are fine &amp; only really needed for citing on papers. Tests are open book/note/phone/computer, which sounds great, but there are a LOT of questions and half are written, so you still have to study to finish on time. Final is a group debate project.
3.5 : I expected the class to be more about the effect of language on society instead of learning about language itself. I'm not very interested in linguistics but the class was alright. It wasn't too hard but there is a lot of reading.
5.0 : Great class (Lang in Society), great prof. Actually learned a lot of useful stuff after not having any prior interest. Grades are 3 short essays throughout the semester, a final debate project, and participationattendance. NO FINAL. Hesson respects his students. Most classes are interesting lectures and discussions. Take this class.
5.0 : He is my favorite professor of the semester (my freshman year). He lectures are very interesting. There are three interesting essays to submit and a debate at the end. I would say all of them are nice and the topics are really good. Very useful course for those who want a broader perspective in life, i.e, everyone!
4.5 : Gets you involved in the class. Discussions combine readings with current events making them more relevant. Great class.
5.0 : Criminal Behavior was incredible! Fascinating, all discussion based, dynamic, gets you thinking. No tests, just projects, couple quizzes, essays- the longest being 7-10 pg on a cool documentary we watched. And she provides all the sources.  Yes, it's got some actual work/lots of reading, but thoroughly enjoyed it - and I'm premed. Fantastic teacher
3.5 : Prof. Martin was always available to help students with papers. The topic was extremely boring; however, he attempted to make it interesting. If you read the books, you should do well.
4.5 : He's a great professor and is always available to help students in and out of the classroom. The more he likes you, the better you do it seems, and for him to like you just participate once or twice a class and sound interested in the professor review meetings. He's very clear and offers little outside work compared to other 802 classes. Great one!
3.5 : He schedules peer reviews and conferences to help you stay on track with the papers. But even then, the essay topics were so hard and dry nothing he did couldve helped me.  Went to him and told him quote on quote how lost I was in the class and the topics and he was more than willing to help me. But the difficulty of this class was still unbearable
4.0 : He is an "intriguing" guy. I dreaded going to class, and the reading were very hard to get through. But there are few grades and if you put in the effort its manageable to get good gardes on the papers. Sometimes he is hard to comprehend though...
3.0 : Dull lectures, but easy enough to get by in the class if you can write a solid paper. There were usually a couple readings due for every class which most of my classmates stopped reading at a certain point only to be dealt pop quizzes on them once or twice. So at least skim the readings.
4.0 : Not that bad of a class for 802. Only gave 3 papers with weeks of prep time. Always available for office hours and willing to give feedback if you ask for it. Only downside is that he's a bit dry and the lectures can get a bit long as he rambles on sometimes that has nothing to do with the topic that day.
2.0 : Goes off on tangents about meaningless things that aren't entertaining because his persona in general is not very interesting, which makes the entire class drag on. Runs the class much like high school (no phones/laptops, makes everyone introduce themselves, etc.), and lacks the personality that many high school teachers have. Genuinely unenjoyable
4.0 : Professor Martin is an excellent teacher who is patient. He goes over the reading materials in class  as well as offers his office hours in his syllabus  if you need more one-to-one time with him. Very enlightening class :)
3.0 : There's no cold calling just in case you don't like talking in class. He won't call on you randomly.  His teaching is extremely dry and boring, but he's nice. He has a really monotone voice and you find yourself falling asleep a lot. Take him only if you have to.
5.0 : If you think being challenged is a good thing because it actually improves your writing, then take this professor,  but if you want an easy grade,  take someone else, and continue to be a mediocre writer.
5.0 : Hard to describe, intriguing comes to mind, and a knack for recognizing good writing.  Enjoyed the class so much that I'm taking him for 0802.
4.0 : Professor Martin is a great English 0802 professor. He cares about his students and is willing to do whatever he can to help. Some of the readings were dry, however he did what he could to keep the topics interesting. 3 papers required for the course, he gives great feedback and grades very fairly. Take his class.
5.0 : Professor G really engages the class, makes funny comments, and will do anything he can to ensure a positive learning experience. He's so passionate, brilliant, and eager to teach his class. All reading material is summarized, expect a few quizzes, and a few short papers based on opinion. Great professor, made it fun (I hate mosaics), easy class.
5.0 : He was my absolute favorite teacher! I was hoping to have him teach Mosaics 2 as well but unfortunately he does not. A very thorough a person and he is quite forgiving in the way of missing assignments and attendance. As long as you pay attention, take notes, read and participate it is really easy to pass.
5.0 : Professor Giammarco is my second favorite teacher at Temple. He cares about all of his students and encourages them to receive a passing grade. Attendance is important if you want to succeed and reading the books is not mandatory but I would recommend that you partially read the texts. Contribute and have a positive attitude.
4.5 : I would definitely recommend Professor Giammarco for mosaics 1/2, as I had the privilege of having him for both. Attendance and participation is stressed in his class, but other than that there is little work and no exams. Reading isn't essential to passing but I recommend skimming the books. He is a sweet guy and tries his best to be engaging.
4.5 : Very detailed professor when he covers the readings that we have to do each class. The readings are not mandatory, he just goes over them every class and it is a smart idea to skim the readings for main points. Great professor, he cares about his students, very organized, and uses up every minute of the class productively. No exams.
5.0 : I loved Professor Giammarco. Little old, conservative guy. No matter what you say during class discussion, he will always agree. That being said, PARTICIPATE. It is essential!! I thought he was pretty fair in grading. You must read the books but all are online, so just know basic things. Really no homework. No midterm or final. Would take again!
4.5 : Prof G is one of the Mosaics professors that is a good 1. Usually for Mosaics, u can either get a bad 1 or a good 1, I was fortunate to get a good 1. He keeps the class pretty fast paced which keeps u focused, but makes it interesting and fun. He is very approachable and makes the classroom environment comfortable. Expect to participate a good bit.
2.5 : He started out awesome but as the semester went on he got kind of rude. He yelled at me for taking notes once. The class is a gen ed, and he teaches it like one, so prepare for boredom.
3.0 : He means well, but this guy was one of the biggest pains in the romp. He acts relatively low maintenance in the beginning; no exams, no midterm, no final. But then he starts to let on how unorganized he really is. Journals are never returned, and he piles it on at the end of the semester to make up for his lack of organization. Avoid if possible!
3.5 : Okay teacher, does NOT put any grades in Blackboard until final grades are released. Quizzes are kinda hard, you need to read to pass the class and participation is 30% of your grade, so speak up! No midterm or final, just some group participation, about 10 quizzes, and a final paper. Attendance is important, so don't count on skipping.
4.0 : Learn  to voice your own opinions before taking this class. He values you as an up-and-coming individual, which is a rare gem in the acres of diamonds at Temple.  On the flip side, however, he cares to a fault and takes it  personally if you do not validate his effortsideals. Show him that you can be prepared each class  without a BBpage.
4.5 : Giammarco is a great teacher. You are expected to do the readings and participate in class, but the workload is very light compared to other professors. There is no midterm and final, and only one final paper. You have to keep a journal throughout the semester but it is opinion based. He is a nice guy and he even brought us food a few times!
5.0 : Professor Giammarco was a great guy! He truly cared about the class and kept you engaged with questions. The reading is very easy and there are a few quizzes that you need to take on the books you read. Attendance is mandatory after 3 excused skips which is the only downside of this class.
5.0 : Good professor overall, very interesting makes class worth it. really enjoyed having him, quizzes are kind of hard but he really does his best to make sure you understand the material. very understanding and easy to reach through email, highly recommend. only downside is he doesnt upload grades to blackboard
2.0 : Terrible. Quizzes are really hard. But he makes it seem like they will be easy. Other than the quizzes and the way he grades papers, it would be easy. Work load is really light but the quizzes are obnoxiously hard.
5.0 : This professor truly cares about his students, is willing to make extensions as he cares about the quality of the work he asks for. Not being huge into books, this professors draws your attention, makes you want to come to class and actually pay attention. Amazing, nice professor. You really will not regret!!!
3.5 : Wasn't the worst.... Compared to other mosaics profs, G was relatively easy. No midterm or final, 2 easy quizzes. Be prepared to participate, and keep up with a "journal" that needs to be approx. 20 pages by the end of the semester.  Honestly, pretty straightforward and easy
4.5 : Passionate prof. He explains every single concept in depth. Gives 3 quizzes and give the answer to a few if nobody can answer. Don't use your phone in class, otherwise he will call on you and you won't know what to answer... If the whole class do good, final will be just a 3 pages paper which is allowed to write in 2 days but it was manageable.
3.0 : Lectures were engaging, asks a lot of questions so be prepared to participate. Quizzes were difficult, and he makes it seem like they were easy. Definitely a tough grader, especially on essays. No midterms or finals, just two papers (so if you scew them up, then you already screw up ur overall grade) Don't posts grades on Blackboard/Canvas.
1.0 : Really hard and unorganized quizzes. No clear grading criteria or grade tracking. Only "C" I have ever received in a course in my life, and it was for Mosaics I, where most of the readings were ones I'd already read in previous classes. This should speak somewhat to the randomness and disorganization as a prof. Nice man, would not ever recommend.
1.0 : yeah his lectures are amazing, if u want to fall asleep, oh wait, u can't, because ur standing for 2 hours
2.5 : Ridiculously long lab lecture, though he is very through, he could make his lectures more to the point so we don't spend over an hour, leaving a short amount of time to actually preform the lab.  Very meticulous, almost in a bad way.  We would be waiting about 10 to 20 minutes each lab because he had to set it up PERFECT.   Excel reports are Death!
4.0 : His pre-lab lecures are at least 45 minutes long each lab but if you pay attention he will give you answers for how to put in the equations for the excel and post lab questions so make sure to write everything down. Gives information way ahead of time so I suggest to never delete his emails because each attachment is very useful.
3.0 : Prelab lectures take up an hour and a half of the lab and then you're left with 50 minutes to complete the experiment. He is very specific, takes off points for every little thing. The class is one credit but he treats it like its worth 6. He does explain things well and is helpful but be prepared to work hard. Mistakes aren't tolerated.
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had. He does not follow standard lab procedures, but edits his own to allow students to retain more info. He makes it easier to understand. He is a tough grader and is very specific, but if you follow directions &amp; read his emails you will do well.  His lectures are amazing. I wish he taught lectures&amp; labs for all chem courses
3.0 : Literally the most obnoxious instructor I have ever had. His lab lectures take a good solid hour. He talks a lot. He talks to you like you are 12 and not a college student. He's condescending, disrespectful, and did I mention obnoxious? His passion in life is taking points off for petty things. He is anal retentive and needs help.
5.0 : Great professor. He can seem condescending and overly meticulous at times, but he is genuinely a nice guy.
5.0 : Sweet guy; makes sure everyone understands the concepts before moving on. Homework and quiz due during every recitation but they were super easy. Really make sure you understand the concepts though; easy grader but not a partial points guy. Takes attendance during class so make sure you go; classes are dry but you'll be fine.
3.5 : I took this class as required for my major. He did a great job presenting the materials in lectures. If you don't get it, he would be glad to go over it again until every one is clear. Test is easy, mostly based on homework assignments. As long as you get the concepts, you pass it.
3.0 : Professor Latecki is a very smart man, and really knows a lot about the ins and outs of computer science. However, his lectures while informative are less than engaging. He posts screen casts of the lectures online, but luckily the textbook is great at explaining things. Unfortunately, he doesn't do makeup quizzes but you get to drop 3.
5.0 : Two midterms that were both take home and EASY! Nothing to stress about. Readings every night, but necessarily dont "have" to participate since he explains them all with a passion. But if you do participate he'll automatically love you for the rest of the semester. Only 2 group projects that were graded easy. Katz really cares for his students!
5.0 : He is very nice, and his class is easy. His class is better than Boyer and Rader. The lowest grade for his class may be B-, and we most got B+. Highly recommend him.
5.0 : Do not hesitate to take his course. He is so so so so nice. The average score is B, and I got A-. Thanks for him
5.0 : You can acquire a lot of knowledge from his course. I am an international students, so my English is not as good as my first language. He usually took care of us. Our grade is good. If you put a lot of efforts on this course, you can get at least A-. If you just put a little, you will be fine because you can get at least B.
5.0 : Awesome !!! He is great, and his course is very interesting. If you want to get a good grade, just take him
5.0 : In addition to say great, I do not want to say anything. Just take his class, you will be happy.
5.0 : Professor Katz, brings real-world experience that actually benefits students. Great mind with numbers and his stories are truly amazing. If you want to have a good laugh and learn something take this professor!
5.0 : Great teacher with a sense of humor. She teaches the course very well and gives good feedback on the paper. She believes in having multiple drafts until you get it right, so you can get an A if you work on the papers. Oh, and she is definitely super hot!
4.5 : He was a laid back teacher, but a great one at that! He doesn't ask for too much and his class was enjoyable because he always let us discuss things and he had little jokes that broke the ice sometimes. He writes a lot of comments on papers, but is very open to helping you improve on them. Did better in his class than I expected. &amp; Participate!!!
4.0 : Eng 802 is a rough class but Seth tries to make it easier and better. Try to write the papers when they are "due" and meet with him during conferences because he gives great feedback. If you follow the changes he wants you to make on your papers and show your progress as a writer you should get a good grade in the class.
4.0 : He's so great! The class was just a discussion on different topics everyday basically. He was very helpful with how to better my papers. He's a super cool guy and he's so hilarious. I definitely would take any class of his.
4.0 : Prof. S. always provided great feedback for papers. He was always willing to help and answer any questions you have, responds to emails very quickly. There are articles that you must read for every class, they are not bad... some of them require more reading than others. He is very helpful with explaining the articles if you do not understand them.
5.0 : Fantastic Instructor!
5.0 : Excellent Instructor!
5.0 : Definitely the best teacher I've had at Temple and my favorite class. He's very approachable and laid back. If you ever need help definitely go practice with him during office hours, I promise it'll help. He breaks everything down so it doesn't seem overwhelming or intimidating and he makes everything fun. Bonus: he's very nice to look at (;
5.0 : I took Noah over the summer for weight training 1. Great guy who loves to educate you. If you attend class and just listen to what he says you are pretty much set. He is very clear and a fair grader. MAKE SURE YOU PARTICIPATE (he won't tell you in the beginning but it'll help at the end). He is very chill and you'll learn a lot.
5.0 : I took Weight Training 1 with Noah in summer 1 this year. He is amazing I had no knowledge of lifting or anything until I took this class. He is an amazing teacher and really wants you to learn and understand proper technique and skill. I learned a ton from him and if you know nothing about lifting, seriously take this course he is truly awesome!
5.0 : The man is a consummate professional. He is knowledgeable and active in the field. He is passionate about sociology and loves to help students find their own passion... There isn't enough space to describe the overwhelming amount of respect Dr. Wray's students have for him. So, in short, if you have a chance to study under him, just do it.
5.0 : Professor Wray was a pleasant surprise during my time as a sociology major at temple university. Professor Wrays Race, Science, Health and Medicine class was spectacular in every way. The subject material is either a hit or miss for each individual, but regardless you will get to have an excellent instructor who is insightful and helpful
4.0 : Made the class interesting and compelling. I know students who took the same class (History and Significance of Race) and HATED the teacher and the curriculum, but Matt was entertaining and thoughtful and encouraged discussion and opinions. Sometimes short lectures and films were involved.
5.0 : Dr Wray is SO awesome- I took him for my race gen ed and he explains everything amazingly well, and really makes sure you understand the material. He's also really funny and just all around a great professor. He makes you work for your grade and you HAVE to participate, but he's totally willing to help with anything. Overall DEFINITELY recommended.
5.0 : Professor Wray is the most influencing teacher at Temple. The class was very insightful. I would strongly suggest taking the class but also have an open mind when the class start discussing controversial topics. It is imperative that you contribute. Just talk once every class to receive a decent participation grade.
5.0 : Awesome guy. He is very passionate about teaching students what he loves and it shows. If you want to do well on the exams, show up and take notes. He wants everyone to do well but you also have to do your part. Would take this class again!
5.0 : Professor Leuchter was by far the best teacher i have had at Temple so far. He is not test heavy, but i ended up learning far more just because i was actually interested by his lectures. I am taking him again next semester, i highly recommend!!
5.0 : Probably the best teacher I have had at Temple, he's super passionate about his job and truly wants you to get out the most you can from his class. If you go to class and listen you will do fine on the exams, I would take any of his classes.
5.0 : Mark is a wonderful professor. He is passionate about the topics he teaches, and really cares about his students. If you go to class, pay attention, and attend his review sessions, you can easily get an "A." The only reason I rated his "easiness" as a 4 is because you must attend classes or else exams will be difficult. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Great instructor, but I feel as if I'm in an Intro to Debunking the Bible class rather than what it is. Almost every lecture is accompanied by an explanation of why a certain event didn't occur or why it is more fiction than fact. It is difficult for me personally to enjoy the class when the professor continually treats the Bible as fiction.
5.0 : Loved this guy - great lecturer and he only wants you to succeed. Assignments are super easy, mostly 1 page response essays. You watch a few videos in the class, and it's mostly lecture based. Only needed to buy 1 small book for the class, all other readings were provided. Pop quizzes are a thing, but they're super easy &amp; are only for attendance.
5.0 : I've had the honor of knowing Mark for 3 years &amp; I can honestly say that he is one of the most inspirational professors I've had. Yes, yes he is obviously a looker, but the most attractive thing about him is passion for religious studies and teaching. He also has the biggest heart &amp; truly cares about his students. Take him.. You won't regret it!!!
5.0 : He's a great professor, he made class super fun.  He gave a thorough review of all the material that will be on the midtermfinal (Final is non-cumulative). He does give pop quizzes but don worry, as long as you study over your previous lecture notes, and do the short readings, you'll get an A. HE also gives fun extra credit!
5.0 : Mark is one of the best prof- no, he's THE BEST professor I've EVER had at temple.  He is so passionate and enthusiastic about what he teaches which in turn makes you enthusiastic about religion. I actually looked forward to his class every MWF...wish he was teaching this fall i'd take him again in a heartbeat. If you get the chance def. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Mark is an absolutely wonderful professor. Classes are engaging, informative, &amp; non-stressful. If you attend class, pay attention, and go to his reviews, you'll get an A. He uses pop quizzes to take attendance, until he gets a feeling for who shows up regularly. Mark honestly inspired an interest in religious studies that I never knew I had.
5.0 : Truly a remarkable person, and professor!  The world needs more people like Mark.   One of my favorite professors at temple! He makes class a relaxed environment which enables you to actually remember the info we discuss.   Class requires a few 1 page response essays, a midterm, and a final - very doable!  I admire Mark for his passion of his job!
5.0 : Awesome prof.
5.0 : Mark is a great teacher; the best that I've had in the religion department, and probably at Temple as a whole. He cares about his students and isn't afraid to share aspects of his life that are at times funny, though-provoking, and serious. He's an incredible orator who makes lectures genuinely entertaining.
5.0 : He's a great lecturer and very passionate about the subject. He's also very nice. Simply put, he's a great professor.
4.0 : He's a really enthusiastic guy! The class was not my cup of tea, but I would recommend him to people because he's really there to make sure his students do as well as possible. 2 short papers, 1 full essay, and a midterm and final. If you've watched the movies and taken short notes during class, you'll do fine.
5.0 : Easy, awesome gen-ed. I was looking for a GPA booster &amp;  ended up learning a lot. I walked out of  class many times thinking "wow that was deep." He gives TONS of extra credit, and the exams are fairly easy if you show up. Definitely attend his exam reviews. Hw is easy (5-6, 1 page response papers) he grades pass/fail, but they're simple. No stress
4.0 : Professor Leuchter is an all around great person. He is so smart and I've never had a better lecturer. Although it gets boring at times, he makes you really think about things in a way you never would have before. There is only a midterm and final and there are options to get extra credit. Attendance isn't taken but you won't pass if you don't go!
5.0 : I would seriously give Professir Mark 100/100. He is amazing. Really cool. He seriously keeps you engaged on what he say on lecture. So inspirational and eye opening. Really easy going and funny. You will never get bored, lectures are so much fun and very easy to learn. Can I just say I wanna be like him when I grow up? Take him!!!!
5.0 : Mark is the man, plain and simple. One of the only electives i have ever taken that I enjoyed the fullest. Mark dissects all of the films referencing religion in ways no one would ever think of before, making every lecture interesting. No homework besides some reading, and the tests are designed for you to succeed. I would take him again if I could
5.0 : I had the pleasure of having Prof. Leuchter twice this semester. He is extremely thorough/knowledgeable when it comes to lectures. He is also accessible outside of class, and is extremely caring when it comes to his relationships with his students. He offers many extra credit opportunities and makes sure material is clearly understood for exams. (:
5.0 : Great class, had so much fun learning!  Who knew?!? And he is so hot; I'll definitely be taking more of his classes in the future.  That jacked body though!
4.5 : I had Benzon for Eng 701 and he was an amazing teacher! He breaks down everything into smaller details for the students to understand and if you do not understand it, he is always available during his office hours. Also, you have to work hard for your essays but they aren't very hard as you may think! Just be prepare to read alot!
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher, one of the best math teachers I've had in a long time.
5.0 : Great guy with a good attitude. Will always stop and make time for questions if need be
3.0 : Professor Bailey knows what she is talking about but she is very difficult. You read a lot and she is ridiculously hard in grading her papers and projects. If you ask for clarification she will tell you to look at the instructions period. I would not recommend her in any life time. She is also rude and made some comments.
5.0 : I have Dr. Bailey for Mosaic 1 right now &amp; I have to say she is one of my favorite professors I've ever had. A lot of people are right to assume she does have a bit of an attitude, but as long as you are a good student and do all your work then she'll love you. Pop quizzes are a thing but she usually hints at them. Easy class, easy grader, love her
1.0 : She teaches this class with the mindset that students have no other classes and all their time should be put into her class, whenever you ask questions she only puts to the instructions and never gives any constructive feedback.  I was very much looking forward to this class now it is my most dreaded class, avoid if possible
5.0 : Have her right now for mosaic 1 and she's great. Never really a big english person but she does a good job keeping the class interesting. If you do the work you will be fine, can't get behind on reading or get too lazy. Overall great experience thus far.
5.0 : My favorite teacher I have had so far at Temple. She is a tough grader but if she sees you are working hard she will do all she can to make sure you do your best. She's very understanding and always wants to help her students.
3.5 : Prof Bailey was an alright teacher, keeps it comfortable and fun for the most part.  Problem was Mosaics is a bs class, but she took it way too seriously at times. Terrible books in there besides the Illiad. Mosaics I was better, but this class was ok still. You will learn to hate Jane Jacobs, one of the worst books ever. Attend and participate.
3.5 : She seems nice at first but she has an attitude and it comes out. In classes are 15% of your grade and they're given out randomly so you have to read ALL the time. Picky grader too unless you're an amazing writer. Don't take her if you have a big workload because she demands a lot, papers, quote collections, in class assignments, final project.
3.0 : This class is a lot of work and she makes it difficult. She seems nice but she definitely has an attitude which does not need to be there. She grades tough and you need to make sure you know what she wants before writing. The real hard part is the final project that makes sense in her head but honestly is way too difficult and time consuming.
3.0 : Professor Bailey knows her stuff. Given that, she expects a lot from her students. She is a tough grader. Gives six pop quizzes but dropped the lowest one. If you use online texts or another text than she requests, make sure pages are the same, she will check your citations. Missing more than two classes means losing 5 points from your final grade.
3.0 : Bailey teaches a typical Mosaic class--essays and student run discussions are the norm. Do the reading, there are pop quizzes. Write notes in your book, she will look over your shoulder to see if you've annotated. DO NOT try to text in this class or skip class. Tough grader but good feedback. Check the syllabus before asking grade questions.
2.0 : This is a gen ed class and I feel like I'm dying. AND I AM EVEN ASIAN! The point is she and her method of teaching this class is just too much , and the texts are hard to read, especially with the "lit circle" things that she came up with. Quizzes almost every text, analyzing quote after. And the final project? Oh boy you'd better prepare yourself.
3.5 : If you are looking for an easy A in the horrible course of Mosaic don't take Dr. B. Requires a lot of participation and group work in class. Gives pop quizzes on readings. Nice lady but takes Mosaic a little too seriously.
5.0 : I've had Dr. Bailey for both Mosaic 1 and 2, and I really like her.  Mosaic 2 projects were fun. Feedback on assignments is great (listen to it and you'll do well).  Some say she's a tough grader, but if you can be a bit creative and express your ideas well, again, you'll do fine.  Also helps to do the assigned readings for any quizzes that pop up.
5.0 : Dr. Bailey is so sweet; she really cares about what she does and her students. Her class relied a lot on discussions and there was only one big paper/project. That said, she does give a lot of other work considering this is a gen ed.
5.0 : Marcia is an amazing professor. Class is mainly discussion based on the texts so you definitely have to read but I enjoyed reading most of them. There's also a quiz for each book but they're not too difficult. Not a whole lot of hw, a few paragraphs here and there. The final project is a big one though. Overall, Marcia is great and class is fun.
2.0 : I had a high B all semester until the final project, which I didn't think I did too bad on but that dropped me to a C+. Participation is a must, you need to participate to get a good participation grade and you need to go to every class. She is also a really tough grader too and you should always read because she will give you pop quizzes.
4.0 : Attendance and participation is mandatory. You can get away without participating but make sure you read. She gives pop quizzes which aren't that hard (look at shmoop or spark notes). She is willing to help if you go to her office hours. She literally helped me with every assignment I was having difficulty with. Final project is a presentation.
5.0 : Dr. Bailey showed kindness and respect to all of her students. In addition, she set very clear expectations for not only respecting others' opinions, but also for each and every assignment. Great freshman class to take to satisfy your Mosaics I requirement.
3.0 : She has an attitude and is really tough for a genEd course. The class was fun and insightful tho, but I would not take her again
4.5 : Well I don't have any other mosaics professors to whom I could compare, but I'd say Prof. Bailey seems to be about par for the course. 3-4 short essays, 6-7 pop quizzes (lowest grade was dropped), and a clear-cut final project. I got a B on the first essay, but once I figure out what she was looking for exactly, I got an A on everything else.
1.0 : You will get an easy A but she does not help much.
5.0 : Super cool, very helpful and clear, and an easy A if you show up to the 7 or 8 classes you'll have (participation is 35% of your grade, sacrifice the hour or so)
3.0 : Super easy class so long as you complete the assignments. Her assignments are not time consuming and you have more than enough time to complete them. Easiest 1 credit course you can take! Plus having a resume ready to submit once graduation comes is never bad either!
4.5 : Extremely helpful prof. I slacked off on some work, but got the most out of this class I needed. This class is best, IMO, taken before job hunting or before you start looking for intern jobs. Rachel really helps you with resume building and informs you of many other tools that help you land a good job, as well as be one step ahead of competition.
5.0 : This class was so easy. Coppola was great, she was very clear with directions and graded assignments easy. There's an assignment due every week, but they're not stressful or time consuming at all. I would take her again.
5.0 : She is a professional development guru. She does a great job instructing the course; clear cut and to the point. Her homework assignments are not hard AT ALL. There's a final paper on a book, but you don't have to do all the readings to get the paper done. She is there for you if you need professional guidance outside the classroom. A+ teacher!!
2.0 : Not interesting. Avoid
5.0 : PROF KANE IS AWESOME!!!, CLEAR, THERE 4 U, COMES IN EARLY, STAYS LATE, DOES EVERYTHING HE CAN TO HELP U PASS! RESPECTFUL, DEDICATED, PROFESSIONAL, AND HILARIOUS!!! TURN OFF UR CELLPHONE, PAY ATTENTION, COME 2 CLASS &amp; U WILL LEARN! I AM SO VERY THANKFUL TO HAVE BEEN IN PROF KANE'S CLASS. HE IS #-1 ALL THE WAY!!! Algebra stinks, but he made it ok.
5.0 : I hate math, but he makes in very enjoyable and easy to understand. HE IS AMAZING!! He cares about his students and is a great person. He makes sure that you understand the material and explains it very well. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN!!!
5.0 : He's a really great teacher and I would definitely take him again. He really cares about making sure everyone understands the criteria and will not move forward unless it is so. He's always enthusiastic about what we're learning you can tell he loves what he does. Beware he does have an accent but he's not hard to understand in my opinion.
5.0 : best teacher ever, he really cares about his students and tries to make it worth your time. I hate math and Professor Kane made me understand it. He jokes a lot, uses the notes online which (if you look before and after class) will help you pass the class easily!
5.0 : Best Math teacher I ever had in life. Tries his hardest to make you understand the information. Cracks jokes during class to wake everyone up (I had a 9am). Also will help you through email, stays late, and comes early.
1.5 : Bad experience. Get's upset with questions. Never stops talking. Reviews never reflect exam
5.0 : Amazing teacher, very funny and acts just like students. I actually loved his class.
4.0 : YORK- best professor there, he cares and helps in any way he can. He's lectures are great and you actually enjoy and learn. You can tell he loves what he teaches which he portrays to us, and makes us love it. very interesting class thanks to him!
4.0 : MY FAVORITE PROFESSORS! He was at York College for english 126 and he was the best. Made you feel comfortable enough to participate and he was so funny! He was always willing to help and everyone respected him, It was like a family ! Would recommend him !! I would take him again if I could
5.0 : Prof LT is honestly one of the greatest teachers I've encountered at Temple. She pushes you to do your best by making you ask the right kind of questions. I never missed a class--not because I couldn't but because I wanted to go to class. She's that good. Take her!
5.0 : She is one of my favorite teachers mostly because she puts an effort into making sure every student knows what they are doing and if they are doing it right. If you are ever having trouble just picking  topic to one of your 3 essays which is all the class is based on, she will gladly email you or even meet you. No graded work until portfolio at end
5.0 : Great class to take with this professor. Takes the time to make difficult concepts easy to understand. He is is a top notch professor. Makes himself available if you have questions. If you have the chance to take any if his classes I would definitely take them.
1.5 : He cancels and skips many classes and has his TA attempt to teach the material He is very partial to some students as  having same answer will result in different grades for different students. He takes forever to respond to emails and questions and usually does not correct grading mistakes. He does teach very well but it does not make up for it.
3.5 : Great professor. His board notes are all over the place though, so you have stay attentive. Great sense of humor and will help you out if you have trouble. Good person to talk to for other topics as well
5.0 : Very good at explaining difficult math concepts. Took the time to meet with me on Skype several times during the term.
3.5 : Easy, easy professor. Assigns a few journals and a test, paper, and group project, but its doable. Class can be boring but its an easy class.
5.0 : Give his class a week. At first I thought he was going to be a hard ass, he comes off that way, but my whole Adventure team loved the guy. He is just like an onion, tons of layers. The tests are open note or tying knots so if your looking for an easy class congrats you found it. Have fun and keep climbing.
5.0 : Great professor, probably the most enjoyable class I've ever taken in college
5.0 : Professor Spong is a great guy who you can easily get along with as long as you aren't disrespectful. He's pretty entertaining too and makes the class a ton of fun, so you won't even want to skip anyway.  This was by far my favorite class in 4 years at Temple.  The different climbs were challenging but fun, so make sure you know your knots.
4.5 : Great class. Its fun but you learn so much also. Would not take if you are afraid of heights. You have to attend every class.
5.0 : Spong is awesome! If you don't pass this class, you're an idiot.
5.0 : He wants you to pass! He makes sure your papers are the best they can possibly be before sending off your portfolio. An added bonus is that he is very light-hearted and hilarious.
5.0 : He is the most caring professor I've ever met and will do everything he can to make sure you get a good grade. His sense of humor and engagement makes me look forward to his class. He is the best!!!!!
5.0 : There were a few pop quizzes in the beginning but if you did the reading it was easy. Discussion board posts for every class, just 300 words about the reading done for the day and then he gives a long lecture. He's absolutely brilliant and really nice. 1 short close analysis paper and then 7-10 pg paper.
4.0 : I took Professor Byala for ENG802 and he was by far one of my favorite professors at Temple. You do have to do the readings that he assigns to be prepared for the essays and (notified) quizzes he gives. He makes the class interesting and will make the atmosphere comfortable. Byala also makes sure everyone feel included in class discussions.
5.0 : Professor Byala was one of my first professors at Temple, and he's honestly just fantastic.  He makes the atmosphere really comfortable and fun, and he takes a hard reading and makes it crystal clear if you don't understand it. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Professor Byala is probably one of the most intelligent people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting, and does a great job of managing class. Be prepared to actually do the reading, and try to participate at least once per class and you will do well!
5.0 : This was a Survey of English Lit Beginnings-1660 course. It covered a wide array of complex material which Prof. Byala made it accessible, clear, and fascinating. No papers, just tests, and he told us everything that would be on them. Unlimited easy extra credit. If you have to take this course, try to take it with him for sure!
5.0 : I love Prof Byala. Our class always has amazing conversations about the pieces we read for homework. Usually you do have homework every night, but it's light reading. I recommend him HIGHLY. A funny man who is super intelligent and super helpful! One of my favorite professors I have right now, def trying to get him again for English.
5.0 : Absolute best professor I have had. Very intelligent and gives clear and concise feedback on your work. He genuinely cares about his students and his material. I would definitely take his class again.
5.0 : One of the best professors I had at Temple. He is a brilliant guy who will do anything to help his students. I highly recommend taking him.
4.0 : Awesome teacher! He gives very good feedback and is very sympathetic towards students. I highly recommend him.
4.0 : He is a pretty good professor. Throughout the semester, he focuses on one overall subject but split into three subcategories for the required three papers for the course. There are quizzes almost every class, with readings provided online but you can just skim through them. He is also available outside of class if you need his help on the papers.
5.0 : i love this dude
3.5 : A lot of opportunities to boost your grade, homework was easy and very similar to the tests.
5.0 : Took his class in summer 2017 for explore music. Oh man you have no brain if you didn't get an easy A in this class. 50% homework that you will always get correct and 50% final exam. Don't worry, he will give you the EXACT questions he gave you during the review day. I'm sure the syllabus for regular semester will be different but you guys got this
4.0 : Easy Teacher! All take home tests. One all semester homework that doesn't take much time if you do it every week. Funny, easygoing, lots of old videos. You really don't need to go to class, but sometimes helpful.
4.0 : Fairly easy, tests aren't too bad, gives plenty of opportunity for A's. Apparently he flies helicopters. Goes off on a lot of tangents, but I don't mind that sort of thing.
4.5 : This is perfect for anyone who does not fully understand economics and really needs it broken down. Plan on taking notes because all of the test are open notes, technology, and in some cases take home. Mr. Dileonardo is a great teacher and always provides through extensive answers. I highly recommended him for any economics classes.
5.0 : Im a PrePharm student and was required to only take one econ course. This class was so easy I'm taking him again for Macro just to get credits and have a full roster. He's funny, gives take home test (answers online), and doesn't take roll. Take him if business isn't your major like me bc you won't take much away from class. But otherwise, EASY A
2.5 : Dileonardo is a really knowledgable guy about economics, but I thought he wasn't very good at teaching it. No homework. Have to do 5 blogs a week related to economics. Doesn't take attendance.The take home test questions were very vague, confusing, and often not related to mirco economics at all. Really did not take away anything from this class.
4.0 : Funny guy. Tests easy no homework and MyEconLab heavy. If you study for the tests you'll be fine. Very easy to talk to and accessible outside of class. Would highly recommend.
4.0 : I had Mr. Dileonardo for Microeconomic Principles this past fall semester. The class is not very hard. Sometimes Mr. Dileonardo takes attendance, and sometimes he doesn't. All of the tests were take home; they are given out on a Friday and due on Monday. Study the book or watch Youtube videos on the material. John is not good at explaining things.
4.5 : I never went to this class and I got an A. He was a really fun professor from what I saw. However, all of his tests are take home, including the final. The final project seems like a lot of work, but I promise if you do it over the course of the semester (and not the last two days like I did) it really is not bad. Totally take him!
4.5 : Great guy. Lectures are fun. He is hilarious. Tests are take home or open everything.... everything. However, tests are worded terribly. Like yea you get to use anything for the tests but the wording killed me. Regardless, he knows what he is talking about. You really learn what he is teaching. Just bring a thesaurus for the tests.
5.0 : Amazing professor.  He makes everything very easy to understand.  Tests are pretty easy if you show up and pay attention.  Very little homework, just a few online quizzes that are due by the day of the test, they are very helpful for studying.  Definitely take him.
3.5 : The class itself is EASY. Three take home tests and an open-note final. Class is straight forward-- he either reads off notes or plays a video. As a teacher, he's friendly but tends to favor certain people who volunteered early on, and his economic opinion definitely bleeds into his lectures a bit. Not my fave prof but would suggest for easy class.
3.0 : He is a very smart, funny professor. I enjoyed coming to class and learned so much about how economics applied to the real world. HOWEVER,his notes will NOT prepare you for his tests, which are not always take home. To get an A, I made sure to mark where each topic was in the textbook so that I could quickly look them up during the open-book tests
5.0 : Prof. Dileonardo is the best! He is by far the most caring professor I've had at Temple. He genuinely likes his students and is still teaching past retirement because he loves it. His patience is endless and he will explain something to you for an hour if that's how long it takes. Tests are a bit confusing and lectures don't line up with the book.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR AT TEMPLE. I still talk to him when I pass him by and he remembers his students. He tries to get to know you to be able to be a reference in the future and give letters of recommendations. I hated Micro, but man this guy had the best examples and compared everything to food. Tests are take home research tests, google the answers.
5.0 : Prof Dileonardo is the man. If you can take him, take him. I failed Micro last semester and had to retake it, and took it with him and I got a A+. Honestly you don't need the book, but it is helpful. Open note/book/laptop/phone for the 3 tests and final is closed notes. His project throughout the semester is easy. He is literally such a great guy!
4.0 : He is such a funny, big italian man. He give 3 take home tests with no final and you have an individual project which is just summarizing econ articles. Easy A if you go to class and take notes. Him exams are half notes, have textbook material.
3.0 : Pretty sure this is the easiest professor at Temple, and having him for Econ is even better cause this class otherwise would be really hard. If you have the chance to take him DO IT. All tests are take home, no final, literally so easy. You don't even have to go to class.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Your attendance is not his number one priority but you'll want to go most of the time because he explains the material with such clarity it's almost impossible not to understand. 3 take home exams a semester and a final. He doesn't use MyEconLab so you can purchase last year's edition for study purposes
4.0 : Take home tests. There are weekly articles that you need to find and write about but they are not due until the end of the semester. JOHN IS THE MAN!
5.0 : Yay, SNACKS! Yea he brings snacks every class. Once everyone gets comfortable, it's a pretty fun class. One thing I loved about his class was that there were a lot of creative-type assignments, a nice contrast to the very analytical essay-heavy 0951 class I had. He cares about everyone and is very thoughtful.
5.0 : Class can be dreadfully boring at times, but Professor Greenfield is one of the greatest human beings I have ever met. The class is also pretty easy, as long as you do the work. I would definitely recommend taking Honors Mosaics 1 with Professor Greenfield.
5.0 : I took Honors Mosaic I with him, he's really great. He likes participation but you won't get in trouble if you don't. Obviously there's a lot of reading in this class but no quizzes, just three "papers" which are very easy. I had to write a speech, a dialogue and a make a time capsule, all easy. Weekly blog post. Brings food to class often.
5.0 : Definitely would recommend him for Mosaics II.  He was very engaging and one of the best professors that I have ever had.  We only wrote a paper and there's no final.  I did take him over the summer though.  The final is an art-related project and really interesting.  Discussions in class are really interesting and there's weekly blog posts.
5.0 : I took him for summer II this year, he is the best teacher i've ever had in temple so far, his class is an easy A class as long as you do the work and show up in the class. he's so nice and he brings snacks every class. he's so flexible when it comes to the deadlines.
5.0 : Doug is the greatest! He's brilliant and starts great discussions. He gives great feedback on our weekly discussion board posts, which are graded for completion. He brings snacks. He's down to earth and really cares about his students. No quizzesexams, two short papers.  Usually offered to share his eBooks with us so we didn't have to buy books
4.5 : Professor Greenfield is a great professor.  He always conscious about class not being tedious and boring while making sure we learn everything we need to.   The discussions are great and I have no complaints him at all.
1.0 : Where do I even start? Far and away the worst professor I've had at Temple. Arrogant, egotistical, powertripping, careless person. Used the class to force his own idea down our throats and build himself up by going on about his achievements and putting us all down. Instructions and indecipherable without the help of fellow classmates. Simply awful.
5.0 : Straight forward with grading, Helpful and overall a great professor
5.0 : She's awesome. Do not sweat this class. She tells you the first day of class that if you don't like the material or coursework, then you may not want to be an SLP. Super inspirational and advises people to take a year off if they suck. I've never received a high A so easily in my life, but if this major comes intuitively, you will do well.
3.0 : Expect to be doing work every single day for this class. Tough grader but nice and wants to help you succeed.
5.0 : The best
5.0 : Dr. Roth is the sweetest, kindest human being. Take her class, she is literally an angel and makes an early class bearable. She generally only offers 8 am/9 am classes and attendance is required. So only sign up if you're ready to come to class.
5.0 : Roth was the nicest woman I've met in my life. She cares so much about her students it's so cute. Everyday she would make sure she wished us a great rest of our day and always asked us how our week was going. Two easy essay exams, one MC exam, and 2 pg paper. So approachable. If you have an issue go to her and she will accommodate you. SO SWEET!
5.0 : Professor Roth is so sweet and caring!! She always comes to class in a happy mood and always wants to know how her students are doing. She really is great and so considerate. Her material is not tough and she usually gives you a study guide of what to study for on the test.
5.0 : The BEST professor at Temple University. She is so sincere and caring toward every student. I highly recommend her courses because she explains the material thoroughly. Take her &amp; you wont be dissapointed!!!
5.0 : Prof Roth is amazing. I took her for three separate classes and those are what I learned the most in college. She is crystal clear and helpful and won't let you fail. Study guides for every exam, extra credit opportunities, and interesting material. Her classes are early and attendance counts, but she is 100% understanding of emergencies. My fav!
5.0 : took her for an 8am. She straight up said the first week of class that if you miss more than 3 classes you are going to be withdrawn. That being said, she was understanding; a quick email explaining a valid reason you couldn't come in would be excused. Her tests are crystal clear and she lets you use notecards. Take her if you can!
5.0 : Roth is very kind, very understanding, and gives plenty of extra credit. While a good grade in her classes is easy to get, I don't think her courses lack in learned material. I found despite it being easy, I learned a lot. I've never had a more enjoyable experience with any other professor.
5.0 : Took all of her classes, I would take her again if I have a chance. One of the best professor you ever gonna find.
5.0 : Dr. Roth is the best! She's so helpful and enthusiastic about every class she teaches. Literally the only professor at Temple that I have encountered that takes the time to ask every student how they're doing every day. Her lectures are interesting and provide you with a good idea of what will be on exams. I would take any class she teaches!
4.0 : I can not put into words how sweet and caring Dr. Roth is. The material for Systems is bone dry, but honestly it is worth it just to meet her. She is always available for office hours, whether you need help in class or career help. She's very smart and has seen a lot professionally- I recommend her one thousand percent!!
5.0 : Take her class.
5.0 : Professor Roth is the best! This course had an essay question midterm, which you go the questions in advance, 1 research paper, and 1 final paper. Lectures weren't bad and she shares great stories. Attendance is mandatory and I did not use the book much. I am looking forward to taking her again in the spring.
5.0 : Mayor Street is a great and hilarious in class. He just wants his students to be interested in politics, regardless of their affiliation. Fun and easy class, wants everyone to get an A. Wish he taught more courses
2.0 : What do you do after a political career? Teach at a college! This class will have you staring at the clock. The minutes seem like hours and the hours seem like days. There are opportunities to meet members of the political community and the guest speakers are intriguing. Other than that it's an easy A without much learning. #whygottocollegeagain?
5.0 : Just show up, and you get an A. That shouldn't be an issue, though, since he's got some nice stories from his mayoral days and brings in a million great guest speakers (representatives, former mayors/councilmen, union leaders, Ben Carson's pastor...). Budget simulation is cool. HW is just signing a statement saying you did the readings. No joke.
5.0 : Great class. He's a former mayor of Philadelphia and City Council President, so he knows a lot about local government. He doesn't assign much homework, and what he does assign is just a certification that you read something. He does tend to go off on tangents, but they're interesting. Budget simulation at the end of the semester is fun, but hectic.
2.5 : Very Dynamic teaching method. Rarely talk about class material but that's fine because the intended material was dry anyway. Take his class if you're writing skills are somewhat competent because he rarely gives direction.
5.0 : Professor London is great! He gives a lot of opportunity for extra credit and curves exams as well. No homework besides the case assignment which is due at the end of the semester. 2 exams, a midterm and a final which are easy if you take notes! Such a cool guy and keeps the lectures really interesting. Take him.
4.0 : Great professor. Give extra credits . Two exams, midterm and final. just multiple questions.
5.0 : reasonable professor. Not very clear on the notebook I wish there was a rubric or outline to follow but it wasn't hard. Skim the textbook and you'll pass the exam with a min of a b
4.0 : Great professor, fun and interesting class. Class readings are relatable to real life and easy to understand. Two tests and a final, gives extra credit. Go to class and you'll pass.
4.5 : Really nice guy, very thorough with his explanations. Gives real-world examples from his experiences as a lawyer
4.0 : 1 midterm, 1 final, and a semester long HW thats due at the end. Easy workload. But the tests are very hard and he makes it more challenging than it should be. However, he gives out A LOT of easy extra credit to make it up. Also, adds 1 pt onto the final for every week you show up (13 total) Hes a great and funny guy, his tests are just really hard
5.0 : Joseph London is a wonderful guy. He is a litigation attorney and a professor. Yet, with two jobs he still finds a way to bend over backwards for his students when they need him. Professor London sees the good in everyone and his positivity radiates. Super inspiring lectures &amp; he's funny too! I want to go to law school because of him!
5.0 : Professor London is an experienced Lawyer who knows law inside and out. The class is made up of a midterm, final, &amp; a simple case-file notebook. You earn extra credit on your final for every class you attend. Easy EC on midterm if you discuss a case in front of class. He tells you exactly what is on the exams. He a corky and nice man. Pretty easy.
5.0 : Mr. London is an incredible professor!  He really relates material to real life examples and got us all to start thinking like attorneys!Presentations both briefing cases and arguing the opposite of the judgement really made us all start finding the root of decisions and what it takes  to represent clients and overturn judments.
5.0 : Prof London is a very laid back guy. He lectures the whole class and repeats things a lot but that's not a bad thing because if you zone out you can still understand what he is saying. He offers a lot of extra credit. The first midterm I got a 68 (didn't pay attention a lot) but with a curve, extra credit, and arguing some MC answers it went to 98.
4.0 : Amazing guy, really nice and cares.  tests are not hard.  needs to be more specific about the semester long project, which is not hard.  Super nice and I found the class interesting
4.5 : Took London for both Legal Studies 1101 &amp; Real Estate 3502. Great guy. For LG, I think he assigned case studies which were pretty simple, and midterm and final. For RE, a midterm and a final, 1 presentation and 1 paper. He is so knowledgable, loved him. ASK questions or ask for examples if you aren't clear. He is really great. Take notes!
4.0 : Overall nice guy, not the best teacher. Huge curve on tests. Extra credit on your final for just showing up to class.
4.0 : Nice guy and gives a long lecture each class on the subject. Semester long homework due at the end which is pretty easy as long as you don't wait until the last day. I enjoyed the class and would recommend it. Way way way easier than any of the other standard legal professors in terms of work load and friendliness.
3.0 : For a two and a half hour class I thought I was going to be bored out my mind but the professor keeps class interesting. He encourages in depth discussions about the cases and give real life examples. He will also help you if you have real questions about the law because he is a lawyer. Good teacher.
5.0 : This guy is a very nice guy, there's only a mid term and final and one assignment. I took the 3 hour class but it typically let out early cause he doesnt get side tracked. Overall I enjoyed the class!
5.0 : 1 midterm 1 final and case studies. Curves the midterm. Earn a point of extra credit for the final each class you attend. Need to attend class anyway because most of the material on the exams comes right off of his lectures. Relates law to his own experiences to help understand the material better. Take good notes and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Took him for legal studies of business and he was amazing! You do have to read the cases from the text book but they're so interesting it doesn't even matter and Only 2 exams. Basically he is a funny old guy that makes you intrigued about the law. I am truly sad that my time in his class is coming to an end. Definitely take if you have the chance!
5.0 : If you show up to every class you will get credit on your final exam and it is very easy to earn a lot of extra credit. You only have one midterm, one final, and one project that carries on over the course of the semester. If you show up and participate in discussion you will do really well on the exams. I would highly recommend this class
5.0 : Straight forward dude with a lot of interesting experience practicing law. Loves telling a story about how some dude spit on his car during a road rage incident. Show up, study for the tests and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Funny guy with interesting stories about law from his own personal experience. Engages the class and makes it enjoyable. I took it as a night class once a week and he never made us stay the whole time, you get a point extra credit just for showing up. Grade is based off 2 exams and a project. Study and do well. Would recommend.
5.0 : This is the first time I rate for a professor because I enjoyed his class so much. He is really interesting and make the class easy. There are 2 exams and there's no homework. The only thing you need to do is to submit case journal at the end of semester. He gave several extra credits as well. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Mr. London's class is very easy if you pay attention at all. You work out of the textbook but class is almost entirely discussion based with a midterm and a final. The class can be an easy A
5.0 : Professor London does a phenomenal job at teaching this course. He uses his own experience to enhance the class as well as makes up scenerios. Very humorous and tries to make the class interesting. The textbook is a MUST if you want to pass this class and reading can be intensive. Keep up with reading and pay attention in class and you'll be fine!
5.0 : London is great. Once a week 5:30-8, though he always ended an hour early at least. 1 final, 1 midterm, and case briefs due at the end of the semester. He offers extra credit for presenting cases in class, and he curves the tests. On the midterm I got an 82 but ended up with a 102 for arguing questions and the curve. Great professor, take him.
3.0 : Professor London is an adjunct professor with a lot of experience practicing law. It is enjoyable to listen to some of his stories during the lecture and how they relate to the coursework. I felt the case assignmentshomework was relatively unclear as he fails to use Blackboard and clearly disucss the requirements for the class.
4.0 : This was a once a week class taught at night and that was actually disappointing. He often made jokes in class that had everyone laughing and made me look forward to the class. He gives some opportunities for extra credit but beware that this is graded mostly off of exams and one big project. He takes attendance but skipping won't kill you.
5.0 : Very nice professor.  Follow him, you can get A easily.
5.0 : Professor London is one of my favorite teachers I've ever had and he really motivated me to want to learn as much as possible. The typical class we would have discussions about cases we read in the book and I really enjoyed them and was excited for the classes twice a week. I really wish he taught more classes, so I could take him again.
5.0 : I took Megan at Rowan University for Elements of Dance as an art requirement. For a 30-year-old lady, she dances like she's in her 20's. She's an amazing teacher and person where you genuinely have fun in her class. Would take again to complete my art requirement.
5.0 : JP is the easiest professor I've had at Temple. The only work you have to do is the blog posts and projects that you would do in high school. NO PAPERS. He's young and interesting, so it is easier to pay attention in class. I'm getting a 97 in this class for the semester.
5.0 : Best teacher i've had for mosaics! super laid back, awesome chill teaching style. His papers are very easy and there are easy in class assignments. made a class not interesting to me at all super fun.
5.0 : JP is the best. Awesome guy, funny, down to earth, easy to relate to, etc. Wish I could take him again for MosaiX 2. No tests. No quizzes. No papers. Just do the weekly blog assignment (250-500 words), go to class and participate, and you will get an A. If you care about the class, and let it show, you will succeed. JP, you da man.
5.0 : Dr. Naqvi's course is very informative. For an online course, I found that it was structured in a way that was very effective, and there was more than enough time to complete each assignment. I wish she would teach some upper level courses in Philosophy!
5.0 : One of the best classes I have ever taken at Temple. So incredibly easy. Short pass/fail assignment weekly, material is easy to read &amp; also interesting. 2 open book exams. Final paper on the syllabus but we didn't even do it. I have a straight 100 in this class. Wish she was my professor always!
5.0 : We were given a short pass/fail assignment every week, a 1 page pass/fail assignment, 2 exams - need to look through the lectures for the answers - easy because you have a week to do it! and 1 easy 3-5 page paper. Literally have a straight 100 in this class. Not a tough grader at all, i would take her again. Super easy online course!
5.0 : So sweet and nice. VERY little homework. Mostly a conversation class, which is so much fun with the topics. Also excited about changing topics to fit the needs of the students.
5.0 : Great professor, easy class. 2 easy open notebook exams, weekly short 2 paragraph responses. She's the best, take this class!
5.0 : Always going on about the gnostic experience and all this weird esoteric woo woo but overall a good professor. I mean, I learned a lot but srsly guy get yr head out of the clouds get real there is no such thing as chakra or whatever and David Foster Wallace use too many big words noone can unnerstand that 4realz. #YHWH #thuglife #outlawimmortalz
5.0 : Cassidy is great because he's so straightforward on everything. There's four 1-2 page papers throughout the semester that are already on the syllabus, and 3 tests. No textbook, shows really interesting videos, and overall has a lot of experience in the CJ system.
4.0 : He's a nice guy. He's really straigh forward with his assignments and lectures. He's pretty laid back and an easy grader. His test come directly from his powerpoints so if you study them you should easily get an A. He gives a couple short writing assignment that are pretty easy too. He takes internships seriously and is willing to help students.
4.5 : Took her for Planned Change. She makes a writing intensive class dealable and you actually learn to become a better writer. I would take her again because the class was relatively easy
5.0 : She is nice, sometimes she has opinions about your opinions but she likes to play devils advocate. 1. 5 homework (TYPED) 2. policy paper draft, 3. final policy paper, group presentation (debate). 4. A final. She always responds to emails and helps you until you get it. That's what I liked about her. Shes very supportive and wants you to understand.
5.0 : She doesn't tolerate phones and lateness. She does not want to see it on your desk. Which helps me because I would get distracted. Some students would still text under the table but She threatened to take points off if she saw phones. She lectures on power point and she helps you and always asks if you have questions.
5.0 : Very nice/fruitful lady. Very knowledgeable in her field. Really directs what she want expects out of the course in both class/exams. Very organized as well and will happily clarify anything for you. Follow the directions on assignments and you will receive full-credit even if you get the answers wrong. Makes you think critically about material.
5.0 : I have taken two classes with Professor Meyers and she is awesome. She explains everything very well and she helps you work on your writing skills. She is very nice and considerate if you get sick. She explains the material very clearly and her test are easy if you study her slides.
5.0 : One of the best professors I ever had! Her lectures were easy to understand and I enjoyed taking this course. She's such a sweet woman. All I did was study her slides. Her exam questions are very straight forward and you do an essay at the end, which is basically similar to the assignments you do in class.  Wish I could take her again!
4.0 : You're graded on a couple of easy case assignments and presentations and 2 exams you can pass by reviewing the powerpoints. She's nice and sometimes will end class really early. The lectures can get dry, but overall it was an ok class. You can pass without getting the expensive textbook.
3.0 : She's a nice lady and seems to know a lot about CRJ. Two things though, one, she treats class room etiquette like high school, which is somewhat disrespectful to students. And two, she insists you get the book but it is VERY easy to find all the information you need online. Don't waste the money.
5.0 : Had this professor last semester and was awesome. You have to do a group debate which is graded so participation matters. Exams are pretty simple if you study the slides she provides. Her lectures are pretty cool too, she jokes around and stuff which makes the class more entertaining and comfortable for students to engage in.
5.0 : I recommend everyone to take Prof Meyers, especially for Intro to Crim Law. She is hilarious and makes class fun. She also cares a lot about the course and her students, more than the average prof. Class is very easy to do well in, just a few 1 page writing assignments, 2 group debate-style presentations, midterm, and final.
3.0 : Professor Metzger's class is a really relaxed environment and there is a lot of discussion. She's a very nice person. However, she always over-explains simple stuff, which can get a little annoying. If you don't need help with your writing skills, the class is not challenging at all - in fact, it felt like a high school English class; boring.
5.0 : Most helpful, kindest, professor! Really cares about her students. I was dreading this course but she made it fun and easy!
5.0 : best professor i have ever had
4.5 : Professor Andrew is AWSOME! Definitely the best class I have taken so far. Besides it being really easy, the material is so interesting. There are 3 midterms throughout the semester, there is no final exam, just a third mid-term, which is not cumulative. There are a couple of really short assignments but they're always like 3 paragraphs each.
5.0 : This class was really interesting and easy and Prof. Andrew is amazing. She takes attendance everyday &amp; some of the things she mentions solely in class are on the tests. 3 tests and a few written assignments which are all easy - you get full credit if you follow directions. Study chapter reviews &amp; terms from the book and you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Mylina is a great professor. If you ever need to stay after class to understand something or even just to talk she is there. There are three tests during the semester and about 5 assignments which aren't really hard. During the tests she hands out candy for stress! TAKE HER. SHE IS ASWESOME.
5.0 : She is a bubbly, amazing spirit. She did get carried away with lectures, but they were always informative. If you paid attention in class, then you knew what to expect on exams. The textbook is necessary to read to make sure to get an A. There were also written assignments that were easily graded as long as you followed directions. Take her!
5.0 : Mylina has been one of the best professors, if not best, that I have ever had. She is the most kind, understanding, and considerate professor who is willing to get to know her students and support them along their journeys in and out of classroom time. She does not give a heavy work load and makes understanding the information comprehensible.
5.0 : TAKE HER. she's awesome. i took her for psychopathology. she's interesting and funny. tests are EASY. grading criteria is CLEAR. you will get an A if you read the text book and study for the exams. i would study just the day before and day of and get an A on the tests. she's so nice and approachable too. take her if you want to learn but get an A
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class! Mylina is a great professor and has very interesting lectures. I learned a great deal from this class and would definitely take this professor again. If you study your notes and the book, you can easily do well on the tests.  One of the best classes I have ever taken. I would definitely recommend her!
4.0 : Take her!!! She's so caring and sweet. Takes attendance every class but its worth going. She teaches you what you need to know as well as some things that she feels are important. Keeps lectures engaging and fun. One of my favorite professors.
5.0 : 3 simple projects, 2 tough exams (study), easy online quizzes . Carey is the Man! One of the business professors Temple has to offer.  Do yourself a favor and Take Him!
5.0 : When I grow up, I want to be Carey m*therf*ckin' O'Donnell! This dude is the (  .  Y  .  ). I don't even like MIS and he convinced me to make it my major through lecture and sheer awesomeness.
5.0 : Carey is an awesome professor. Currently taking his night class, and he always lets us out early. Just an overall cool, positive guy.
5.0 : SUCH A BOSS!! Worth it just to hear his crazy speech at the end how business student's purpose in the world is to "create and share prosperity". Funny, witty, and really loves his job. Content is inherently confusing at times but he makes it doable. Highly recommened
3.0 : O'Donnell makes his lectures interesting, he is a really funny guy. That being said, all of the material you have to learn on your own, but that is department wide. You have to read articles, and then you come to class and apply what you've learned in those articles to the in-class activities. I had him for a night class, and it wasn't too bad.
4.5 : He is a great professor, especially if MIS is your major. He pretty much reads off his Powerpoint, but adds in stories that make his lectures interesting. Few tests with answers straight from the slides, along with review sessions with his TAs. He is the reason I am a MIS major.
2.0 : Do not choke on tests, only 3 of them and a large portion (75%) of final grade. He teaches little material, you have to do it on your own watching videos. He can put a summary on a powerpoint and give you a worksheet, that's it. You'll feel like a robot doing the corny CRM projects. I'm on dean's list but this class im clawing to get a B-.
5.0 : Carey is so great. Genuinely nice person and has tons of industry experience. I say "textbook use" but there is no textbook, the course material is a series of online articles from various sources. These are a MUST READ to do well on the tests, they're easy as long as you know that stuff. They're all short easy reads so it's not bad, thankfully.
4.5 : Carey is the man. Not much work, but the two exams are not easy. Projects and online hw is however easy, just study for the exams and Carey will take care of you.
5.0 : thought I'd end up with a C at best but ended up getting an A- ... nuff said
4.5 : You are doing yourself a MAJOR disservice by not taking him. HE IS THE BEST PROFESSOR he is so nice, cares about his students, and is funny. Class is not mandatory as all his slideshows are online and the 3 projects we did in this class were 3 of the easiest projects I've ever done. TAKE HIM!
4.0 : I hate the content of the class and I think that it is a useless class that could be useful if Temple changed the focus of it to make it more applicable. That being said, I love the professor and he made the class enjoyable for me. Definitely take O'Donnell because, from what I've heard, the other professors are no good
4.0 : O'Donnell's class was easy but the tests were weirdly specific so make sure to read the articles. Attendance not mandatory but there are in class worksheets, so you can just do them and have someone hand them in for you because the lectures are pointless. Easy class overall
5.0 : Great guy. Great lectures. Funny and interesting. Not much work. Show up and pass.  Will take again.
3.0 : Really cool teacher but his classes are HUGE. I was one of 100-150 students.  There are a 3 projects but they are  pretty easy. 2 test midterm &amp; final those were hard. No study given when each test consisted of 10 or 12 chapter. Overall, O'Donnell is a awesome teacher
3.5 : -Easy online quizzes -3 Easy projects (just ask the TA for help) -Midterm (fairly difficult) -Final (gives you study guide so it's not that bad) -Lectures are really interesting and Carey is a really speaker and his stories are really exciting
5.0 : Take this class! Super awesome guy he is really successful in his outside life so he can give great insight! Doesn't take everything so seriously and his class is an easy A.
5.0 : Professor O'Donnell was one of the best professors I have had at temple. First of all, he's the most interesting guy and has so much money, he flys every Monday from Florida into Philly to teach. He is very energetic and hilarious. All you need to do is show up and do the in-class excersices which are easy and then MaxLabs and the exams.
4.0 : Professor O'Donnell is an incredible and charismatic person. He is very welcoming and easy to talk to. Class on the other hand, is weird. There is no textbook, tests are very tough, information is really confusing. O'Donnell is really nice guy but he isn't convey the test information well.
5.0 : Carey O'Donnell is an incredible professor and human being. I have loved taking his class and talking to him personally outside of class. He is very experienced and a great resource for business students.
4.0 : Inclass assignments are important so show up he usually gets through class quickly. articles are mad important for exams.
5.0 : CAREY IS AMAZING!!! I absolutely loved this class and him as a professor. Tests are based off of the readings for class and discussions, very clear. He is a funny guy and makes everything that he teaches interesting for the class. Just do the work and you will be fine!
4.5 : I LOVED him as a professor and person; he's conservative, funny, and his lectures don't last long. However, I'm not very tech-savvy, and I find the content of the course boring and hard. I did terrible on the exams (I thought they were very hard), but he gives 3 projects that are grade boosters. I was worried about passing because of the tests.
4.0 : I only showed up to class during exams and when projects were due and still ended up with a B+! I just completed the study guide before each of the 2 exams and that helped me pass them. He's a funny guy and his lectures are interesting if you stay long enough. There's 3 projects, they seem hard until you actually do them. Piece of cake!
2.5 : Has an outstanding reputation among his peers and the students here at Temple. I'm not an MIS major, so I found very little interest in the material he was talking about. Very infrequently was it even remotely captivating. He is very independently successful and I highly recommend you take him if you are in MIS, if not, AVOID.
4.0 : would take him again. 5 assingments over semester, 3 tests, nice guy and willing to help.
5.0 : He's a multimillionaire who teaches as his way of "giving back". Despite managing and owning multiple businesses he always responded to emails within a few hours. Incredible guy and truly enjoyable as a professor. He's funny, engaging, and informative. I would highly recommend to anyone at Temple. Great example as both a teacher and a role model.
4.0 : I had Dr. Hall at WCU, and he's pretty great. I was in a gen ed class that I was made to take, and I knew all the material so he would let me kind of go a step further with my papers (as opposed to just the requirements). He is funny and engaging, and is 110% there to help, just go to his office hours and he'll respect you 10x more for it.
2.5 : Dr Fischer is okay, but she definitely assigns WAY more work than I would want to put into a gen ed. She assigns a blog and a journal every week, totaling about 1000 words, as well as readings. She also tends to use the class to express her personal opinions, and if you don't agree with her it gets really uncomfortable. I wouldn't recommend her.
2.5 : I dropped her after 3 days. Her assignments and workload are INSANE are impossible to balance while taking 4 other classes. She makes you weekly, bi-weekly, AND tri-weekly assignments. There are also like 15 different books you need for the class and she requires you to get the physical copy. She doesn't let you use online books  Waste of MONEY!
4.5 : Dr. Fischer's course was tough but I enjoyed the discussions. You have to read in her class, so be ready to buy the books and participate. I found her approachable and that she cares that you learn a lot in her class.
3.5 : Professor Fischer is a nice professor but that's about as far as the compliments go with her. Took her for Mosaics and her personal opinions trump any other discussion about topics that don't fit into her cookie-cutter mold of how the world should be. I viewed this class more of a day care than anything. Easy class, but don't voice your opinion.
4.5 : 2 blue book tests, 1 project. This woman is a GOD. No but she's really great. She creates this atmosphere in class with us that makes you want to learn, and she makes you look at society for what it really is. You've heard all the bad about Mosaics classes here at TU, to avoid that, take her. You won't regret it, but do read! She deserves it!!!
5.0 : I loved Dr. Fischer. she is passionate about this course ( and life! ) and actually made me want to come to class. I learned so much from her.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors at Temple. Very helpful and takes time to help you when needed. She answers your emails quick and is willing to do everything she can to have you understand her material. Definitely recommend taking her if you need Mosaics I.
2.0 : She did care about her students but her personality was to be desired. She had this perky upbeat demeaning way she talked to her students, as if we were in pre-school and needed everything explained to us. Her method of making assignments was unnecessarily complicated. She does want to see her students pass and do well, but isn't good at it.
4.5 : I hate reading and literature and all that kind of crap but I still really enjoyed this class! It's just really important that you bring your books and do the reading, but it's honestly not a lot to do. Try to make a friend in the class in case you miss a day! Her grading is iffy, but if you participate you'll do fine.
4.5 : I took her online Mosaics II class in the summer (Summer II). Dr. Fischer was very helpful and her assignments are very straight forward. We had to use this website (also an app) called Voice Thread. Each week we were assigned a book &amp; a few short articles and created 2 videos for each. Had 1 500-word essay and 1000-word dialogue between 2 authors.
3.0 : Dr. Fischer is a very nice person who wants her class to do well. Every week we had reading reflections, a blog post, a video, and 2 comments on another student's blog post due. Sounds like a lot but it's really not that bad. Sometimes she lost her train of thought but this course is designed for you to express your own opinions about topics.
5.0 : Professor Fischer is so willing to help, more than any professor I've ever had before. I'm taking Mosaic II and it is online, so you do have to make VT's aka videos of yourself, which is kind of awkward at first, but she makes you feel comfortable and really guides you through all of the assignments. Would definitely take another class with her!
3.0 : her class is the most challenging class that I ve take: Journals every week for 3-5 paragraphs, no more passing grade when you skip class over 4 times (she record the attendance every lecture so watch out!), also with the heavy load of reading , btw I studied really hard to get survived, definitely would not take her twice
4.0 : Dr Fischer is ok overall, but super opinionated- I didn't feel like the class was a vehicle for discussion as much as it was a soap box for her rants on political affairs (I felt very uncomfortable voicing my opinion if it was different from hers, she's kind of judgmental). She also assigns a ton of work on a weekly basis so be prepared for that.
5.0 : She was absolutely fantastic!!! I had her for Honors IH 1, and never did I feel uncomfortable voicing my opinion. She welcomes and loves debating topics and is extremely open-minded. I always felt dumb in English, until I had her. She opened me up and really appreciates thought, effort, and perspective.
5.0 : I absolutely love her!!! She was one of the most amazing professors I have had at Temple so far. She truly cares about her students, and she cares about her students getting something from the class she teaches. Amazing woman, can definitely laugh a lot in class, say whats on your mind, and even curse haha. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : She is the best professor I had in temple, I wish I could still have a chance to chose her class. She is so kind, she is willing to take care of every single student in her class. And the atmosphere of the class is great.
4.0 : Fischer nice and helpful, but the assignments are annoying. There are weekly readings and responses. You need the bookstore edition because points will be deducted if page numbers are wrong. Discourages e-books and no devices in class. There is a presentation and a creative final project. Occasionally there are quizzes based readings but no exams.
4.0 : I'd been avoiding taking mosics as I really didn't like english 802 but Jill made mosaics okay. All you had to do was show up, participate in answering the discussion questions, watch videos, and write 3 short 2 page essays. Which was fantastic because then you only had to buy the books for the 3 you chose to write about. I'd take her again
5.0 : Dr Sigman's Mosaics 1 was probably the easiest english class I have ever taken, it feels like a high school class. All you have to do is show up and sparknotes the readings for an easy A. Only 2 essays, which were creative, and just a few written 1 question quizzes. She is also very understanding. Definitely will take her for Mosaics 2.
4.5 : Jill is greaat! I am not a person who likes english or reading at all but she made it easy! Not a lot of work. 2 papers and a couple presentations. Will have 1 question quiz once a week but you can prepare for it. Didnt read a single reading and got an A. Easy grader!
5.0 : love her. Don't bother taking anyone else because it'll be your loss
4.0 : Feels kind of like a high school class, no cell phones allowed and attendance is required. Sweet lady though once she opens up to the class. Class is pretty much watching videos or class discussions. Mandatory book checks and 2-3 homeworks/week, 3 analytical papers and 1 final paper! No tests, pretty easy class.
5.0 : Jill is an amazing teacher, she might be a little boring but she's is a really easy grader. Brown educated, her husband died and she talks about it a lot. We have alotta pointless writing assignments but if you complete them she automatically gives u a 100. Don't take anyone else but her
3.0 : Dr Sigman is nice but her class is sometimes very boring. We also learned about suffragists for almost half of the class and it is extremely dull. I'm doing well and don't have to overextend myself to get As and that's all that really matters tbh
4.5 : Dr. Sigman's online IH-1 class was the perfect amount of work.  I learned a lot from the class and found it very interesting, but then I put a lot into it.  It is writing intensive but what do you expect from an online course?  If she taught IH-2 I would definitely take it.
4.0 : Good teacher.
5.0 : Best stat professor you could possibly have. Makes class interesting and spares you on a lot of the math and teaches you more about interpreting the statistics instead, which is more helpful anyway. You'll definitely learn a lot.
5.0 : Professor Moss made social statistics really easy, and would engage the class by using examples that would relate to everyday things. He's easy to come to, and doesn't make you feel stupid. You could have bought the book, but honestly it's useless to, as long as you study the powerpoints and understand it, you'll ace every test
4.5 : Geoff is such a sweet guy that really cares about the topic of gender. This class really opens your eyes. You honestly don't have to do the readings. You're graded on 2 papers, a mini presentation, a midterm and a final. The tests are easy if you study the powerpoints. I suggest taking this for your US Society gened or even as an elective!!
5.0 : I took this professor for Social Statistics and he is fantastic and a great teacher! To get an A, come to class and you will learn a LOT. 3 tests which are open notes. If you come to class and read the powerpoints, you will learn a lot and get an A. Great class and great professor. He gives a homework before each exam which is great review.
4.0 : Very nice teacher. Attendance is mandatory because he passes out a sign in sheet.  However, easy class as long as you read through the power points! I would take him again if i had to.
4.0 : 2 simple papers, 3 quizzes, and 3 exams. He gives you the questions days before each exam and quiz so you know exactly what your answers will be. Attendance is used as a total for the end of the year. Really you could pass the class without coming into class once.
5.0 : As with any Spanish professor, attendance and frequent participation are the key to a good grade. Pay attention during lectures, put some effort into your country presentation, use Quizlet for vocab quizzes, and do all homework assignments and you'll get an A, no problem. Avoid tardiness, by the way; she hates that.
5.0 : One of the best Professors at Temple. She is old but she is really understanding and really nice. She would understand if you are going through rough time. Her class is very much an easy A there are quizzes, a presentation, an oral exam and a final but all of them are relatively easy and grading is really lenient. Would take her again.
3.0 : She was subbing for the rest of the semester for my Basic I class (an Intro course) she expected the whole class to be on their Spanish A game when there were a couple students who were new to the Spanish speaking language. Tough grader on oral exam, quizzes, final was difficult (didn't really help us much to prepare - but she claims she did..)
4.0 : David's a cool guy. His lectures for The Creative Spirit are a little long and slow (his voice is a little boring), but he says a lot of interesting stuff and brings in cool guest speakers. One week he brought in a jazz band. The class requires weekly trips into center cityold city to see performances &amp; post about them online. Some cost money
5.0 : Professor Lee is amazing! She really lets you figure the text out for yourself instead of forcing a certain interpretation on you. Do read the works, though, they are very, very good. She's clear, smart, and knowledgeable. I do recommend you take a class with her (esp. if English major.)
5.0 : Excellent teacher who knows how to teach her courses! Personable. Fair. Interesting. Makes you think. Good reading materials. Would take any course she teaches. Gives great feedback. Caring.
4.5 : Dr. Lee approaches the fundamental building blocks of literary analysis in a way that makes sense and is useful. In class journal assignments require you to get involved with the text and the debates are extremely fun and interesting. The few papers will be easy if you are a strong writer. Great class atmosphere, great professor!
4.0 : I love Professor Lee. She is sweet, caring and smart. Only have to read a total of 6 books for the course and the books are not hard at all. However, some of the books are really boring. I think she is a tough grader. She wants specific things to be put in the paper.
2.5 : In my opinion, this class was too demanding for a Gen-Ed. I read 6 books, one of which was equivalent in length to my other classes textbooks. No matter how hard I tried to improve the quality of my papers, I consistently got 80's on them. No tests all semester, mandatory off campus events, and a strict attendance policy. Overall, not worth it.
2.0 : Elliot Ratzman, AKA Napolean (Short).  He's that type of professor that smiles whenever his student get an answer wrong. Whatever grades you get in this class barely matter, because he grades you based on how much he likes you anyway. I don't know a single person in my class that enjoyed being there. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT take this class.
3.0 : This professor gives WAAYYY too much work for a gen-ed. He seems to think that his classes are as important, if not more important than your core-classes you need for your major. Long readings with mandatory movies to watch and he calls you out during class for participation and seems to enjoy watching his students get answers wrong.
2.0 : The most work I have ever done for a gened. DO NOT take this class if you value the quality of your life. So strict and so much unnecessary work for a class that isn't even for your major. Whatever you do avoid at all costs.
4.5 : So here's the thing, if your looking for a cake walk this is not your Gen Ed. Elliot Ratzman is a wonderful professor. He will give you your moneys worth and expects a lot from his students. If he see's that you are putting the effort and coming to class you cannot get a bad grade in this class. PS ask him to break dance he's great.
5.0 : I'm SO glad I switched into this class last minute. I can't believe the number of people who are complaining about reading. There is a lot of assigned reading, but the books are interesting &amp; eye-opening. His class has changed my perspective on so many things. He's sarcastic, amusing, &amp; really knowledgeable about the topics. Keep an open mind!
5.0 : Ratzman is the best! Even if you don't really have a stake in the subject matter, he makes it really interesting and accessible. He's funny and nice, and super helpful with feedback on the papers. Lots of readings, but you'll learn a whole lot from this class. Probably my favorite gen ed ever, just because his teaching style was so great.
4.5 : I had to take this class as a GenEd. If you have the option to take him for any class TAKE HIM. You will have to work for this class.. there is a lot of reading and the papers he asks you to write are about 5-7 pages. Extremely helpful and lectures are always interesting.  Highly recommend him!
4.5 : great professor! he really knows what he is talking about. The class isnt an easy A. But it will keep you engaged and you will enjoy learning about the material. Hes really helpful and if you have any questions go to office hours! Great guy and he's a must take!
5.0 : makes you read like crazy but the books are amazing. hes a pretty easy grader and gives extra credit. EXTREMELY left wing which can get annoying but is an interesting enough professor to make the class interesting
4.5 : 3 years later and ratzman is still my favorite professor. gives you a ton of reading but the material is really eye opening and interesting. Super easy grader topics can be boring but his personality will keep you engaged! pretty awesome guy!!
5.0 : There's is a lot of readings! I'm talking 60-75 pages a night. They're very complicated too so plan ahead. You write 1 essay, and 3 Op eds. There's a final exam and it's cumulative. He is very engaging and he knows his stuff very well! He's very funny. His teaching style made this boring material very interesting. I would recommend if you have time
5.0 : There is a staggering amount of reading material that is covered. This can become overwhelming if you're in an intensive major.
4.5 : I took Ratzman's class at Rutgers entitled Modern Jewish Philosophy. This man is a boss.  He's kind and he knows his stuff.  His ability to facilitate heated and important conversations in the classroom is the best I've seen at Rutgers.
5.0 : He clearly had a passion for what he was teaching, and did a fantastic job teaching the course. His lectures were extremely interesting and I really enjoyed going to his class.
1.0 : hate this class. tbh, if you are looking for an easy gen ed, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
2.5 : Way too much work for a gen ed, especially if religion is something that you don't really care about. Rarely responds to my emails. He'll send you ridiculously long (40 pages) articles to read for class, which would be fine, except he emails you them on sunday night expecting you to have read it for monday morning. AVOID!!!!
3.5 : Politics of Identity. The class is SO eye-opening, but he assigns an insane amount of reading for a Gen-Ed. 6 books, lots of documentariesevents that you are supposed to attend. The classes themselves are interesting, mostly discussion based. Ratzman is funny, pulls up interesting links, and cares. Don't take unless you are ready to WORK.
4.5 : if you are looking for an easy gen ed, i would not recommending taking it with him.  extremely well informed and class is discussion based.  a ton of reading is required. he's a fair grader and is always willing to talk and help you with writing.  overall, not a bad class but a lot more work than i would put in for just a gen ed. you learn a lot.
3.5 : Ratzman is the nicest guy in the world. Hilarious and INTELLIGENT. But there is ALOT of books to be read, but the class is discussion based. He really wants to see you succeed, but has no patience for lazyness. Only complaints are that he doesn't answer emails, forces you to go to random events, and assumes everyone is interested in Jewish history.
4.5 : Ratzman is a great teacher, he explains everything very thoroughly, and he always asks if anyone has questions so we know the material taught. The only real work is reading and a short short paper, and he is a very lenient grader.
5.0 : Ratzman's class was definitely one of my favorites, he made the topic very interesting and simple to understand. He gives a lot of readings but they're all very informative - not just busy work. There were only 2 super short papers, and he gives really good feedback if you go to his office hours to look over your drafts. Overall, I loved his class.
5.0 : Excellent Professor. The classes are thought-provoking and interesting, and contributes to self improvement.  Professor Ratzman is an amiable person and explains the concepts well and gives good feedback. One of the best class I took this semester, definitely recommend it.
4.5 : Prof. Ratzman was overall a pretty great professor. He gave a decent amount of reading, but I'd say if you can do 2/3 of it, that's fine, he goes over everything in class. We had only two tests, the midterm and final, and 2 papers to write, plus 2 events  (both were free). He's interested in what he does and the more you show interest, the better.
5.0 : Great teacher! Super helpful and understands what it is like to be a student. One of the coolest and greatest professors I have ever had.
2.5 : if you don't read in this class you will ultimately fail. He is a fairly easy grader. however, he takes this class way too serious for a gen ed. please save your self the struggle of no tests during the semester and one big final with a 13 page study guide.
5.0 : I took this class to fulfill a GenEd. I don't know why his average grade is a C; I didn't read any of the texts during the semester, and still did well on the papers. For the final, he gives a study guide; this is when the books are needed. Do the study guide, and the final will be a breeze. I was super worried going into it, but it was super easy.
4.0 : Prof Ratzman is an amazing guy. He loves what he teaches, and he loves his students. You just have to show him you care too. Does give some reading but honestly they aren't typical textbooks and probably books you want to keep in your bookshelf. I came out of this class with an A and I also enjoyed it. It is a bit of work for a gen ed but it's good
5.0 : He's a great professor who has great knowledge in his subject and also has a great teaching style. His lectures are very very interesting. He cares for his students, gives extra-credit, invites you to some very interesting events. I would say this course is an ideal course with an ideal professor for a college student. Definitely suggest it.
5.0 : He is a great professor that really cares about his students. Love him as a person and learned a lot. But this is not an easy course.
5.0 : My favorite class at temple. Fun assignments.
5.0 : At first I hated him. He seemed like he was strict for no reason. By the end you will love him, stick with it! If you are not a architecture/design major, don't stress just go talk to him. He will be very understanding and more than willing to help you out. He is super passionate about it and the class is never boring.
5.0 : Professor Davis is extremely serious and structured but she means well. She always explains things if need be and wants to help students as long as they do the work. Her classes are typically boring because the discussions are long but usually very insightful. I would definitely suggest her to any undergraduate social work majors!
5.0 : Dr. Kline is one of the best art history professors I have encountered so far ( I have taken 4 art history courses in total). Not only is he extremely knowledgeable in his field, but his passion and enthusiasm makes the class environment interesting and intriguing. Can be a hard grader, but it is all worth it.
4.5 : Extremely smart. Anything in the book and in class is fair game for the test, so as long as you keep track of that you can study ahead. Otherwise he doesn't post images to study until a week before the test. It's a lot to study but if you work hard you can get an A. Tough grader, but there's no hw (1 paper) and you almost don't need the book at all
4.0 : I love him! Really hard to get nice grade, but you can really learn a lot from him. His brain is like Sherlock Holmes in the field of art history, you do need to spend some time to figure out what he really means on class, and also you need to spend even more time on reading and digesting.
4.0 : Kline will ruin you for all future lecture-based classes. He gives THE most captivating, fascinating lectures; absolutely riveting. Loves what he teaches, and it shows tenfold. Three tests and a paper. He's a VERY hard grader, but his class is so interesting it doesn't even matter.
5.0 : Dr Kline is the reason I now like Art history. He's one of those people who is really good at telling stories which is really important in a class like this. He is incredible at teaching and he's hilarious too. I wish I could take him again. Lecture wasn't always necessary to attend but I went anyways, because I never wanted to miss out on one.
4.5 : Professor Kline was AMAZING. His lectures are fascinating and you will LOVE art history by the end. Three exams, which you NEED TO STUDY FOR. FLASHCARDS ARE YOUR FRIENDS. Field trip to the MET with a paper. His class is great, can't wait to have him again for the next art history! Take him if you need art history!!!
4.5 : Dr. Kline is very funny, engaging and definitely knows his stuff. His tests are hard kind of hard, but if you study, they aren't impossible.
4.0 : I felt that the coursework was more intense then it needed to be. He does a nice job of presenting the material. There were no surprises and we were graded by almost every aspect of assessment possible. Parts of the mid-terms were difficult, however the online quizzes and course projects evened things out. Would take again.
4.5 : Prof. Snyder is great. A fair amount of short assignments that all help you grasp content better. Tests are based on lectures and powerpoints. Textbook good to reference to in class and maybe once you start teaching but not absolutely necessary
5.0 : Mary is the sweetest! She actually cares for her students. She is very clear with what she wants and when she wants it. Aslong as you pay attention and do what she asks you'll pass. Her assignments aren't hard just do them because she doesn't accept late work! Anything is better then a zero! Easy A, I'd take her again!
5.0 : She is the best English professor! I am having my English 101 with her now. She devote a lot of time to help her students, explains and instructs everything clear, gives great instructions to help you improve. I feel to lucky to have her! She is a very responsible professor! Highly recommended!
5.0 : Wonderful teacher.  Answers questions in timely fashion.  All assignments were clear, as was grading.  I would take another online course by this professor if the opportunity came up.
5.0 : Amazing Prof! Extremely Engaging Class! Surprisingly awesome for an online class!
4.5 : For an online class, this is how it should be done.  My last online experience was meh, but this guy made it nice. Asynchronously done, so you have assignments due every week, but no specific meeting time so it's nice if you have a busy schedule during the semester.  EXTREMELY easy grader, projects are so simple and don't require much work.
5.0 : Easiest A ever. Just hand everything in (at some point) and you'll get an A. He's super nice and understanding.
4.5 : A great teacher and person, you will love this class.
5.0 : TAKE THIS PROFESSOR FOR BUSINESS APPS! By far my favorite professor at Temple. He's hilarious &amp; genuinely wants his students to get A's. I'd take him again in a heart beat.
5.0 : Took him for integrated business application. This class is all about learningplaying around with an online program called Capsim. Other then that you have three 2 page papers due (very easy) and a group power point (even easier). Complete the assignments and go to class and you should probably earn somewhere between an A or B. Very chill class!
4.0 : Foley is a mess, but a fairly easy graded.  He spends each classes talking about whatever he wants, but he is an easy grader and wants you to do well!! He will fight for you and help you out when you need it, and he's really funny!
4.0 : Foley 2016. This man is a walking legend. "Mr. Cash Flow" is drops knowledge on students about the real world and knows his stuff! Awesome course,  I learned a lot and he's extremely helpful with Capsim. Would take again. 10/10
5.0 : Take this professor!!!!!!! He is funny, smart,  and helpful. He wants everybody in his class to pass!! He will give you a second chance to fix your presentations if it was not up to his standards and also give quality feedback to improve your performance. Take him take him take him...I would take every class that he teach.
5.0 : Take her. Most painless 8am i've ever taken. Gives in-class assignments most days which generally wont keep you there the whole length of the class. Provides study guides for exams and is very clear on what to expect. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : Interesting class. Raise your hand during class discussions. If you know how to use command F then you won't have to read anything. Assignments are very easy and she is a very easy grader. Picked up some useful skills would recommend this class to someone else.
4.0 : I was nervous about MIS as an elective. Definitely ended up being one of my favorite helpful classes. Weekly readings (quiz) and questions, not bad at all. Show up to the review days and the test will be cake. In class helpful exercises, once you understand it, then you're free to leave. &amp; a few assignments and two group projects. Great professor.
2.0 : The class is extremely easy. A few tests, weekly online quiz/HW, and a few projects. Professor Miller is a nice lady, but her lecture is boring. She just reads off the slides which are all online. Half the time I'm struggling to stay awake. The in-class exercises are dull and most of the time I don't even do them (they don't count for credit).
4.5 : She's a really nice lady and the class is pretty easy.  The homework takes likes 15 minutes a week and the projects aren't too bad.  She's also pretty hot.
5.0 : She is such a nice person. Do your work, ask for help if needed. She usually lets you out early. The tests aren't too bad; you have to apply the info you learn, so make sure you look over everything.
5.0 : Very easy elective. Minimal work. Very flexible as well as I was able to place it into my Fall semester despite actually having an internship the previous summer. They let you futz around with the timing of the semester versus the internship very flexibly. Few assignments. Gives a chance to assess your internship and they take the feedback to heart
5.0 : So easy the grading system is yes and no, and there is a 99% chance that you will not have to present ur powerpoint.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Temple! Great guy; he changed my life basically. His movies are awesome, tests are hard but it's made up for with papers. The papers are graded by grammar and whether or not you answered his question. I would absolutely take him again.
5.0 : Honestly one of the BEST professors I have taken. Thoroughly enjoyed his class. He is funny, down to earth, and teaches the class with real life examples. Smart. Does not overload you with work, no textbook. Tests are HARD but not impossible if you pay attention to the movies, take notes on them, &amp; read assigned articles. Plus papers balance it out
5.0 : Professor Goldberg is the founder of the company ForEyes (great person to write recommendations). Laid back, but he won't let you walk all over him. He's okay with you being late to class, just text him to let him know. Don't hand in your assignments late. I would take extra classes at Temple just to have him again and I'm graduating.
5.0 : The class grade is 50 percent tests and 50 percent papers. The tests are based on videos you watch in class and the tests are pretty tough. The papers are easy and he only grades them on grammar so you should get an A on them. Goldberg is pretty laid back. If you're willing to make the trip to Ambler to take him you won't regret it.
5.0 : Dan Goldberg can be described in many ways. He is funny, intelligent, caring, and inspirational. His class is very unique and will leave a lasting impression upon you. He will foster an environment for open discussion and use personal insight from a credible professional career. Write your papers with perfect grammar and study your handouts.
5.0 : Dan is a great guy. By far the BEST professor I have ever had. Loves his students and cares about them. Very funny, knows what he is talking about, no BS in his class ever. Took several classes with him and enjoyed every single one. Test are tough, make sure you are well prepared for them. Classes are very inspirational. Highly recommend!!!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've taken at Temple. All we did was watch movies and do interesting activities. No textbook for the class. Tests were pretty difficult but he balances that out with papers. (If you get a 50 on the test and 100 on the paper, you get a 75 all together on the test) Papers are only there to help you, he only grades grammar
1.0 : Be prepared to remember all the dates, names and quotes in the readings and movies, they will be tested in the exams: the weirdest tests I have ever seen. He doesn't care the content of your paper too because he wants to be a "fair" grader by solely grading on your grammars. NOT recommended.
5.0 : Definitely my favorite professor. Of course, it's college so you get what you put in. Like everyone else said, if you don't want to learn, don't sign up. If you're struggling don't be afraid to ask her for help, Firat is one of the most understanding people I've met.
5.0 : Prof. Firat is a great Arabic teacher. Make sure to buy the textbooks, they are what we use the most in the class! It's a lot of work- as is learning any language- but she makes the class enjoyable enough. She's caring, approachable, and even funny sometimes. I recommend her if you're willing to put the work into learning Arabic!
4.5 : Very knowledgeable, very helpful too. A lot of homework graded mostly for completeness, tests aren't too hard. Don't take unless you really want to learn Arabic and are willing to put in the work. Not exceptionally hard but does require more of work than most other classes.
5.0 : Only take Arabic if you're really interested. Firat is a great professor who loves the language and culture. There is homework everyday and weekly quizzes. She does drop the lowest quiz great which is great and rare for college. I highly recommend taking her if you're interested in learning Arabic.
4.0 : Professor Firat really knows her Arabic and Arab culture. I enjoyed taking her class and she was accessible outside of class if I had questions about the material. However there is always homework and attendance is heavily emphasized. Be prepared to dedicate several hours per week learning Arabic. There is a lot to do in class but you learn a lot.
5.0 : 7-10 page literature review paper in 4 stages online quizzes and in class quizzes 3 exams
3.0 : The professor herself is wonderful. She is really into the subject and actually teaches it extremely well. She can make this subject interesting, it is not her teaching that is flawed. She expects WAYYYY too much work for her class. There is A LOT you have to remember and study. The lab work is also a lot. She does not realize this is a gen ed
4.0 : Dr.  Alix really cares about the course subject which makes the class far more interesting. I took her evolution and extinctions class which discusses more geology rather than biology so be aware of that. The main part of this class I did not enjoy was the labs.
5.0 : I only had him for Anatomy online along with Dr. Moser and Dr. Rooney. He seems to know his stuff and makes class interactive.
4.0 : anatomy is a hard subject. if u dont study or put effort, u will fail. I willingly read the textbook and  studied the powerpoints, and found relatable youtube videos on subjects i couldnt understand, and passed with an A-. not as hard as everyone says if u make the effort. Harris is a great professor, pay attention and take good notes&amp; u will pass
1.0 : Harris does not really teach!  His power points and lectures do not correspond to the test material.  Get ready to teach yourself.  Emailed him many times because I couldn't make his office hours and he never offered to meet at another time.  Took a month to get test results back: by then it was too late to know how I was doing before the next test
5.0 : I could not have asked for a better experience in Anatomy II. Being a student that had to retake KINS 1224, I was beyond nervous and anxious to start over. With the help and guidance of Harris, my second time taking the class was much better. Yes, Anatomy II is a difficult class, but if you put in the time and effort, you will make it!!
5.0 : Mr. Harris is a great teacher. Obviously Anatomy is not made to be easy. He is always willing to help you and take time to really explain things outside of the classroom. Even though attendance is not mandatory, you should still show up because participation is part of your grade. I would take him again. He makes it fun
5.0 : Mr. Harris is absolutely amazing and is the reason that I passed A&amp;P I and A&amp;P II. Mr. Harris makes himself available for his students, answers any and all questions and will explain and drill it into your head during office hours until you understand. I was the girl raising my hand in class if I didn't understand &amp; he broke it down piece by piece.
5.0 : Harris is amazing, with a real passion for teaching anatomy. His lectures are interesting and incredibly helpful. For anatomy 1 I had a different teacher and failed the first time. Anatomy 1 or 2 are both hard and challenging, but with Professor Harris, you will learn a lot and it will show in your grade. I definitely recommend reading the texbook.
5.0 : I had him for my A&amp;P 2 lab and he was so great. Has powerpoints which really help prepare for both lab and lecture tests. I went to him throughout the semester for extra help and he puts the material in words that are easier to understand. Easily one of my favorite professors at Temple.
5.0 : Definitely recommend using the book to study for exams. Online homework and LearnSmart assignments are really helpful too. He drills the really important topics into your head and always answers questions thoroughly during lecture. Definitely taking him for Anatomy 2.
5.0 : Prof. Harris was a really down to earth guy that's really passionate about what he teaches and gives good and honest advice to help you do good in the class. 1224 is more textbook-heavy than 1223 so make sure you read or you won't pass. Lab helps bring your grade up since it's mostly identifying so study for lab, you'll thank yourself later.
5.0 : Young, energetic, enthusiastic.  Great example of what a teacher should be- encourages his students, comes prepared for class (knows material and has examples), willing to help (answers emails instantaneously), and is passionate about teaching. Has engaging lectures that you will want to attend. But he doesn't control course- doesn't create exams.
3.0 : I didn't go to class so that could be why but I read the textbook as I did with my other science courses and this was the hardest one yet. The questions on his test were detailed and there is so much information in the textbook that it gets overwhelming. Lab was tedious as well and required a lot of memorization but that was expected.
3.0 : i took 1223&amp;1224 w harris and this class was hard. his lectures/ppts are all based off the textbook so you could skip lecture, read the textbook, &amp; still pass. I would recommend attending lecture if you're not sure about a certain topic. Harris himself is a great, funny prof. The tests are very difficult so don't think you can just bs this class.
2.0 : Tests half based on textbook, half on what he lectures but sometimes have questions that are from nowhere. Need to memorize 3,4 chapters for each test but only 2 appear! Uses attendance for his records, not your grade. Explanations aren't clear or detailed. Online HW requires reading so takes time to do them. Btw lab is also intense memorization.
5.0 : I love professor Harris!! He is very good at explaining all the material we cover and tries his best to answers everyones questions. He is a very funny guy and has a very friendly, outgoing personality. This was my favorite class and subject and I'm so excited to take him for Anatomy 2!!
5.0 : I am beyond happy I was able to take this class with Professor Harris. I honestly don't think I would have passed without him. He made things extremely easy to understand. Just show up to class and NEVER forget to submit homeworks and LearnSmarts because they are such easy points. I suggest doing all the readings and attending review sessions
3.0 : He tries really hard to be funny but he's not. He's nice but lectures don't really help and you're gonna end up teaching yourself the material. Goes off tangent often about his family. He's kinda hot. He's willing to listen to your problems and give you second chances on homework if you ask him on time. Take him he's pretty good.
4.0 : He is so funny and a great professor. the class is extremely challenging and you must put in work every night in order to do well. he is also kind of hot.
4.0 : If you've ever taken Rooney, and failed, Kyle Harris is a god send. He's caring, passionate, and funny (well tries to be) and keeps class interesting. Lectures actually matter unlike Rooney where staying awake was impossible even at 230PM. 1224 is a hard class, Kyle Harris makes it easier by getting you more involved during lecture.
4.0 : I took him for A&amp;P I and plan to take him for II. he is an awesome professor for such a difficult class. He makes things easier to understand. The class is not easy but he does his best to make it as enjoyable as he can and wants you to pass. Its an extremely heavy content class, and exams are every 3 weeks, so get ready to study study study.
5.0 : Harris is awesome. TAKE HIM!! Anatomy is tough but he helps a lot and makes it easier to understand. Super nice guy really cares about his students.
5.0 : Easily the best teacher for 1223 hands down. Professor Harris makes anatomy  fun and energetic. He helps you understand the material and understands how students think. I am taking him for 1224 and I cannot wait, one of the best teachers I have ever had! It is a hard class so show up. TAKE HIM
5.0 : Let me start off by saying Mr. Harris was not even my professor for the class I am reviewing.  He and my professor combined sections and I can honestly say THANK GOD because he is so passionate about what he's teaching.  He makes class fun and gives off a vibe that makes you want to participate.  You must take him for any class you won't regret it
5.0 : Kyle is awesome! Read and listen to him and you'll do great. Spend a few hours studying and you will get an A. TA's are great and have study sessions. GO TO them, they are very helpful!! Great guy, understands and knows what he is talking about.
5.0 : Very helpful. Powerpoint reader, but will answer any questions if confused in lecture. LAB IS DUMB.
2.0 : Hardest class I have ever taken. First, he has powerpoints, nice but what is on the powerpoint is not actually on the test or even the homework. Be prepared to have to read every word from the textbook to get even a passing grade. Speaking of grades it took a month for us to get an exam grade back. This class itself could add a semester to college
5.0 : He does a great job explaining things clearly when someone doesn't understand. Makes sure everyone is on the same page. Teaches with passion. Lab is great with him. Makes a hard class fun to learn. Go to lectures even though not mandatory. Would definitely take him again!
5.0 : Mr. Harris is honestly the most personable professor you will ever meet. His lectures are amazing, and he gets the class to interact. He doesn't bore you and relays the information to everyday life. I recommend him highly as a lecturer for 1223, he is always there for you and encourages you to ask questions and come to office hours. I respect him.
5.0 : Great professor. You will have to teach yourself a bit in this class, but that's only because anatomy is such a content-heavy course that Harris is unable to do it all himself. He explains everything clearly and wants to see you do well. There are also many opportunities to raise your grade (learnsmarts, hw), which is great because exams are tough.
3.0 : I've always been Team Rooney and I still am. Harris has a great personality and is a chill dude, BUT as an instructor, not so great. This is because Harris' PPs do not cover everything you need to know for exams. You have to read the textbook. Harris also doesn't curve. Rooney was the opposite. Harris isn't easier, he's just more relatable.
4.0 : Took Kines 1223 with Rooney and failed! Retook it with Harris and passed! Could of put more work in to get a B. Overall way better than Rooney. He tries to help you with homework and tophat. Nice guy! Taking him for 1224 Kines
4.0 : This class was awesome :) My first gened that I actually enjoyed! You have to write some poems and short stories and a short two-person play, but you also get to do fun games in class (like Whose Line is it Anyway? kind of stuff). She's really nice and easy to talk to, also!
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had. Such a great professor, and an even better woman. She's fantastic. Even though I wasn't the most active in class, her classes were engaging and challenging and I honestly wish the semester lasted longer. She has an excellent sense of humor too.
4.0 : No test or quizzes. Really easy class. Show up and you'll pass. One long paper at the end of the semester but it isn't too difficult. Lots of group projects.
5.0 : Professor Campbell is one of my favorite  professors. She has a great sense of humor and a clear passion for her subject. She wants the best for her students and you will do well in her class if you complete the readings and come to class prepared to discuss them. Best of all, most of us found the content of this course very interesting.
4.0 : I would definitely take another class with him! Two papers and one group project.
4.5 : Ian's lectures are hilarious and genuinely inspiring. Very lenient on due dates and assignment guidelines. He talks less about the actual books and moreso about how the concepts in the texts relate to the real world. Very understanding about poor attendance if you talk to him about it. I loved his mosaics I class so much I took mosaics II with him!
4.5 : Dr. Eckard is a very good teacher. He asks thought provoking questions and all of his tests and quizzes used questions and answers from the textbook. I didn't buy the text book and just paid attention in class and still passed with a B average. OPEN TO DEBATES SO SPEAK UP
1.0 : When teaching the concept he runs all around the place and does not explain the concept deeply , take off a lot of points in test and quiz. Different textbook for both honors and regular...
5.0 : He's is a good teacher, visit his office hours but bring practice problems you tried to solve. If you don't he wouldn't be too nice!
5.0 : Amazing professor. Best professor for orgo that you will ever find. Nice and helpful. Tests are long and NOt to easy but def worth it. Never ever skip a class. Ever. Would def take again.
4.5 : Fleming is a tough teacher, but really cares about you learning the information as opposed to you regurgitating information on a test. He is a more than fair grader and has a fundamental understanding of the students' perspective when it comes to taking a college course. By far the best teacher I've had in my college career.
2.5 : He is a great professor and really cares about his students actually learning the material and coming out ready for grad school. He takes care of your grades so you can focus on learning and not just getting an A. Beware, however, if english is your second language, if you are a slow learner, or if you have a learning disability. He moves very fast
4.0 : He makes you think during quizzes and exams, but if you put effort and show interest in the class, at the very least you will pass, with a B or higher, he gives out C's pretty easily if you at least tried. Tests are open ended so you get credit for what you do.  Get to know him hes an awesome guy and very understanding! His lectures are very helful
3.0 : Dr. Fleming is a brilliant man, but sometimes can have a hard time lowering himself to the intelligence level of his students. He seemed to mock "stupid" questions (which really would only seem stupid to an expert) and wouldn't really give straightforward answers about the material, which isn't helpful when students are completely lost.
4.0 : Dr. Fleming really cares about his student. very organized professor and is very helpfull. he's always willing to help in office hours and worried about your grades. always looking for way to make you have betters grades.
5.0 : After wrapping up my second semester with Doc, I can firmly resolve he is the best professor I have ever had. His tests are incredibly difficult, but I didn't study for the ACS final and did well on it. If you would rather get a C+ but actually be challenged and learn the concepts, rather than an A and have a cake walk, then take Doc.
5.0 : Doc is easily one of the best professors I've ever had. He loves the subject and will do everything to help you learn the material. The exams can be tough but very manageable as long as you put in the work and know the material very well. Reading the book and doing the book problems help. Take notes in class and get to know him, he's a great guy.
5.0 : Class was a breeze especially if you had him for organic 1.   Doc was a very lenient grader because the exams are free response, so there is a lot of partial credit involved.  The best way to get an A in the class is to do as much practice problems as you can do, create outlines of each chapter (especially reagents), and stay above the curve!!!
2.5 : Please don't listen to the reviews about him caring about your grades. He has his own grading system and it does not go by numbers, but by what he thinks you deserve and he curves to increase the honors grades. Work hard and do not put your grade merely in his hands because he does what he wants anyway.
3.0 : If you work hard &amp; understand, you will do well in any Organic Chem class. Don't take this class because he requires you to use his textbook for Honors and once you buy it, its worthless. You can't sell it back or to other students because there's a new edition every year AND the bookstore has policies on not accepting this particular book used.
4.0 : He's a great professor and expects you to know all of gen chem and orgo 1 (and loves NMR). He's willing to help you understand concepts on anything so visit his office hours. Lectures are based off the book and he goes quickly so try really hard not to skip any classes!
5.0 : One of the hardest and yet classiest professor overall. He is tough, you have to know your stuff and be prepared. But his notes are amazing, and more than his notes, his attention to students  I received the worst grade overall in all of college in his class but he said if anyone (grad school) had a problem with it, he would back me up.
2.0 : The professor  treat students unfairly, he treats people with better grade more and doesn't trust his student at all
5.0 : Dr. Fleming is one of the best professors in the chemistry department, I recommend taking him since he is one of the only professors that can actually get through enough of the material to prepare you for the ACS final for each semester.
5.0 : He is definitely the best organic teacher I've ever had. I would be embarrassed asking such stupid questions to him in the beginning but if you just work with him you'll see he's useful and actually a really great guy. I used to stop in to just chat a lot. I didn't get to take him for orgo 2 but his teaching definitely prepared me to do well.
5.0 : Fleming is an absolute godsend. Organic Chemistry  not fun, but you have to take it. Fleming is enthusiastic about the subject material, open to discussion, clear and concise, and genuinely cares for his students.  Truly work your hardest and show up to class, he will notice. He is a tough teacher, but if I had to take Orgo again, I would with him.
5.0 : Let me say that Dr. Fleming is one of the few teachers who truly cares about his class. That being said, Orgo is definitely the toughest class out there, in my opinion. But if you have to take it, take Fleming. If you are studying for the MCAT's, it'll be a breeze because of how great Dr. Fleming is with teaching. Expect to WORK for your grade.
5.0 : If you want to learn organic chemistry and learn it well, take his classes. He knows his stuff and gives very good lectures, but he does tend to go fast. He goes above and beyond to teach, so he expects you to go above and beyond to learn. A's are possible if you put in the work. You will get the grade you deserve.
5.0 : Teaches everything he can, and then tests on it. You can rely on the notes alone to do pretty well, he goes over the chemistry as he sees it. Cover all your bases when studying because he will hit points you might not have thought of
2.0 : Fleming expects you to learn on your own from the textbook. Class is mostly a review session. His ability to explain concepts has waned considerably; he teaches too fast and skips many important steps when explaining things. Only sign up for his session if you are ready to grind it out by yourself.
5.0 : I am so sad that I can't take Dr. Fleming next semester. He was an amazing lecturer who really makes you understand what is happening. He's a tough grader, but I believe that just made me a better student, as you had to make sure every little detail was perfect before turning your test/quiz in.
5.0 : I've had Doc for 4 classes over the past 2 years. I also do research in organic synthesis at Temple, so I know all of the organic professors here. Fleming is the best of them all. Original exams, quizzes, and lecture notes. You can master basic organic if you have the will to, and he'll make sure of it. He can be robotic but really cares about you.
4.5 : Orgo is a hard class but Doc makes it fun and enjoyable (some what).  You need to have a strong GEN Chem background to succeed because he goes fast and assume that you have mastered the basics.  Go to office hours early and often and don't be afraid to ask him questions.  He will never give you the answer right away.  He will make you use your head
5.0 : He is a great professor. While the material he is teaching is difficult, he manages to make it engaging. He is funny in a unique way and knows everyone by name.
3.0 : the tests are on saturdays and they're unnecessarily long. theyre pretty hard and require a lot of though and critical thinking but easier if you have back exams. He does a really good job to prepare you to be an organic chemist BUT, ALAS, most ppl dont want to do that. I recommend taking an easier professor. He will do evry thing to hlp u learn.
5.0 : Doc is tough, but a great professor. Ask anyone, orgo is tough but he forces you to understand, not just memorize. If you want to do anything in Chemistry and actually learn, you need to take him. Very fair and the curve is nice. Make sure you plan on working for an A.
4.0 : Doc did a great job teaching Organic Chemistry.  He challenged you during the semester, but I was well prepared for the final exam. Do the homework in the book, and you'll be surprised how much you learn! Encourages you to learn and understand, not memorize.
5.0 : Dr. Fleming  is the best teacher I have ever had. He is funny, extremely intelligent and is that kind of professor that makes you want them to like you, as you respect him so much. He teaches class extremely well, and although it is a slightly difficult class, it is by no means impossible. Doc is an amazing guy and I was honored to have him.
5.0 : Doc was one of my favorite professors at Temple!   He teaches at a very fast rate compared to the other organic professors, where they were usually 2-4 chapters behind.  His exams are not multiple choice and usually consists of free response, but it prepares you for the ACS exam which is all MC.  Also read the textbook!!!
5.0 : He really is a good Organic Chemistry teacher and probably the best one at Temple. His lectures are really important but he is really organized and gives clear information. You will not regret taking him and others who did not wish that they did.
4.5 : Doc is above and beyond a once in a life time professor. He does expect you to know a lot, which hurt me in the class. His tests aren't so much difficult, but sometimes poorly worded. His primary interest is in the students learning. let him worry about your grade and you worry about learning
5.0 : Eileen is awesome - super clear, super concise, and always helpful.
4.0 : Interpersonal Communication. You can skip lectures, but can't  skip labs. Final and Midterm  worth a  lot.  Do all the other papersbusy work though,  and you can't get less  than a B, even if you fail the final.  This class is interesting , also, and Nate is a great guy. So approachable  and down  to earth. Take  this class.
5.0 : Nice guy a little crazy but overall a good teacher He literally tells you whats going to be on the exam and midterm Not to much work, decent amount of essays though The class is not difficult
5.0 : Really nice guy. The Interpersonal Communication class is a little boring but not hard. You write a few papers and do a group project: if you show up and do everything you should get an A without any problems. There's no textbook to buy either.
5.0 : I love this man. He is one of the best professors I have ever had! Not only will he help you with the class, but he will also help you with personal matters. It is so easy to talk to him and he will make you feel like you are worthy of anything. The class wasn't too hard - 4 papers (easy) and a midterm and final. If you study you'll do great
4.0 : Nate is truly a great guy, he genuinely cares about all of his students and wants them to succeed. He is very passionate during lectures and even though you can probably get away without going it isn't bad to sit through. Make sure you  go to labs though! The class is an easy A.
4.0 : He's a really caring professor. Really wants all of his students to succeed. The class is a lot of self-reflection, so the papers are super easy. The class is an easy A if you do the bare minimum. He's kind of goofy sometimes, and he admits it, but it doesn't really draw away from the class. The material is super easy, and he tells good stories.
3.5 : Professor Terrell is so nice and approachable, but his lectures can be very long and drawn out at times. the class is super easy though and you only have a midterm and final other than a couple papers which are self reflective and not hard at all. Take him for an fun, easy class!
3.5 : Professor Nate makes the lectures interesting, but the class itself has way too much work for a Gen Ed compared to the other ones. The tests are hard. Overall, if you are willing to put in a lot of work &amp; are into psych stuff then go for it, but to me, this class is not worth to risk all your time on those papers. Papers are long as well!
5.0 : Paul is an incredible professor, I am so glad I had the opportunity to take his intro to business management class. He is extremely knowledgeable and has had much experience in the   field. He is a great personable and funny guy! Definitely take his class!
5.0 : Gluck is fun and wants to help you succeed in the business.
5.0 : Paul is THE BEST! I had him for The Business of Media. No textbook. No exams. Just a few simple papers &amp; a group project. Just show up and listen to him talk and you'll learn a ton because he has so much experience in the business. He is the real deal. I'm taking a class next semester that I didn't plan on taking, solely because he is teaching it.
5.0 : Dr. Talton is an awesome guy. The class was a lot of work and a lot of reading, but he makes you want to do well and succeed. A good number of quizzes and small papers throughout the semester, but I found it more helpful than cumbersome- it made sure we were keeping up with the material, and the final wasn't nearly as daunting then.
3.0 : Good professor, but there are a lot of readings for his classes, hes hard to get in touch with outside of his office hours.
4.5 : Nichola is by far one of the best teachers I have had at Tyler and at Temple in general. She knows what she's talking about, she's passionate about what she teaches, and she knows when a student is trying to pass off crap as art and has no problem calling the out on in. One of the funniest, best professors at Tyler. Get her if you can.
5.0 : she can be harsh but she's wonderful. the class is tough. she's not easy. she's sarcastic and crass. but if you work for it, you will be fine. she is my favorite professor so far. directionally the class can be confusing but it's because she wants to see you work through things on your own. the help is there if the effort is. she's awesome.
4.0 : Grippaldi comes off as a really uptight, OCD-type of professor at first, but he just likes to do things as by-the-book as possible. He really is a walking encyclopedia of military history, and despite his usually stoic demeanor he's actually very open on a face-to-face level. His tests require you to study but not actually do any assigned reading.
4.5 : Didn't know he was at temple too ?? at Rutgers had him for WW1 . Ehh lectures kinda interesting because I had some interest in the subject. I Can't imagine how somebody not interested would be able to sit through his detailed ness through almost an hour and half Btw anyone know if he's married or dating ? Totally want him on a date
4.5 : Fairly easy, it's pretty silly if you fail his class. He assigns no tests, which is stated on the syllabus and first day of class. Take notes because he doesn't use blackboard much.  One group project (usually no more than 3 people). Two papers. Second half of the semester expect to do summaries for chapters based on group presentations.
4.5 : He is very open to help out and makes sure his lessons aren't complex. Just make sure you participate
5.0 : The Best related everything to women's studies
4.5 : absolutely love this man. he is the sweetest, most helpful person. the projects are straightforward and pretty bland, but he made me enjoy the class and helped me so so much
4.5 : Easy class, he's super nice. The material could be interesting at times. Midterm is take home and final is pretty easy. The readings can get annoying.
3.0 : A decent choice for 3000 level Spanish. Class was relatively easy but there were a lot of grades. Doesn't use Blackboard so that's annoying. Really nice guy that can ramble at times and class can get very boring. Didn't really learn a ton. If you really want to grow in Spanish do not take him.
5.0 : Language in Society was a GREAT course. Professor Holmquist is brilliant man. I learned and took away so much from this course even though my interests do not revolve around language. The class itself is not hard or a burden but you walk away having learned SO much in one semester. I would recommend him to anyone.
3.0 : This is an incredibly easy course BUT if you're a serious advertising major &amp; would like to actually learn than this profs way of teaching isn't for you. When I'm sniffing baby diapers w crumbled up Hershey's in them, drawing a "monster" w crayons &amp; watching Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium most days I don't find it useful or worth my money...
5.0 : Kim has so much energy and she's so excited about what she teaches.  It makes class interesting &amp; fun.  She does a lot of unexpected activities to demonstrate the lessons, and they're so much fun.  She approaches creativity as something more than advertising-related.  There are a lot of assignments but they are unconventional and fun-think crayons!
5.0 : Kim is a babe. Class was really enjoyable. There was a bit of mini assignments through the course. It's would be really hard to fail the class, unless you don't show up or neglect to do your assignments. It was a fun class. Make you appreciate the creative side of marketing/advertising.
5.0 : Best professor I've had.  Gives extra time on every assignment if you need it and does not force you to participate in class.  Take Prof. Blancato, easy A.
1.0 : He transferred only recently to my college and it was rough at first. Notes that were taken were hard to understand when looking back and the test heavy grading if your taking a lot of classes. Examples went over were much harder than the rest and quizzes and too stressful. There was also no textbook which made things harder to understand.
5.0 : I don't have enough word to explain about her, she is the best. She understand students mood, she teache from deep of her heart to explain for student. Even though i had no idea about theatre, she make me so intrest in theatre. She have amazing lecturess and help student in over all. I wish she could be my other class professor.
5.0 : Wanna hear a pizza joke?It's really cheesy. Any way you slice it there's nothing cheesy or plain about him and his fresh from the oven teaching style. He made sure everyone was awake by delivering sugary snacks. The trick is to pretend like you are going to catch it but then do the Mannequin challenge while it is on a trajectory towards your fash.
4.5 : David is hands down one of my favorite professors at Temple. He makes you want to be a better student just to impress him. He is going to make you work harder than you have in most of your classes but it is 100 percent worth it when you have an amazing final project at the end of the course to take and show off at interviews! take him!!
5.0 : Incredible professor with a ton of amazing agency experience. By the end of the semester, you will really understand how to strategize great advertising. On the negative side, he was a little disorganized at times and didn't gear too much of his teaching toward creatives. Otherwise, the class was amazing. I'd recommend him in a heartbeat.
4.5 : David is the man.  The BEST advertising professor in my book.  You basically spend all semester with a team of 5-6 and construct a real campaign to pitch at the end of the semester to the Advertising board.  Have fun with it, but do yourself a favor and take his course.  He's the life changing professor you've heard about, no lie.
5.0 : Hard and fair. Learned a lot in his class. He had a lot of professional experience that help make him an excellent teacher.
5.0 : She was great!
1.0 : Bad explainations, just show you the how not the why when teaching formulas. You can easily get confused when to use z tables vs t tables. She thought the information a week behind, I found out how to solve equations for quiz week one during lessons 2 week two and three.
4.5 : If you want an easy A, this is the course for you.  Paul's a great guy, and he just wants everyone to pass as long as you aren't a no-show.  Do the minimum and you pass, easy as that.  Just make sure to hold onto all your work you do throughout the semester, because you submit it to him at the end.
4.5 : You shoot commercials and have a great time doing it.  He makes it too easy not to get an A.  Do the work and you got it, just make sure you show up.  He HATES slackers.
4.0 : Myers is the worst teacher that I have ever had! He will exam you on questions he never even touched in class ("which string is the most expensive") and all you will learn is how to stand right. I have been playing tennis for years and always been good at it. We were about 15 people on one court and out of a full semester didn't play a game once.
5.0 : Loved loved loved him.  One of the best professors I've ever had!
5.0 : He has a wealth of experience from working in the field for more than 40 years and this changes everything when you're taking a clinical specialty course. He gives great examples drawn from client work and encourages students to talk about examples from field work. -So you really learn the material inside and out. Best professor Temple SW has!
5.0 : Great class but too many quizzes, would definitely take it again.
5.0 : Awesome teacher!  Learned a lot!
4.5 : I had Photovoltaic System Design course with Dr. Svetlana Neretina at Temple University. The course was easy and interesting. Also, she gave the students her lecture notes. So, we did not feel the need to use textbook. The professor was so helpful and she was grading the exams very good. But she spoke with an accent that I couldn't understand!
4.0 : Weekly quizzes but also weekly bonus quiz that adds a max of 2 points to quizzes. Attendance is basically mandatory because the bonus quiz was every Tuesday and the actual quiz was every Thursday. Two exams (midterm and final) that were not very hard but required a lot of memorization. No textbook needed except for two optional hw's
4.0 : I really enjoyed taking his History and Significance of Race gen ed. It was a decent amount of reading but we weren't really held accountable to them--no quizzes or exams. Class just comprised of discussions. There were a few 3-5 page papers and the final was optional if you had an A. Super laid-back class. I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : he's a really helpful, nice, and intelligent professor. Would take a class with him again!
5.0 : Awesome guy. Kept sections interesting, even when there wasn't a ton of class participation. Very good at explaining some of the more abstract concepts in a way that is easy to digest.
5.0 : Prof Vaidya was awesome.  He was very helpful in explaining a lot of topics even though there was little class participation.  He's super smart and knows what he's teaching very well.
4.5 : Great Professor, Wish her the best on her Master program endeavors.
5.0 : The class was uninteresting to me and took up the whole period for the most part, but Professor Schaefer was very passionate about the topics &amp; made them less boring. Great personality, ALWAYS enthusiastic. Some worksheets, 3 short papers. Grades easily &amp; gives you the questions to the midtermfinal. No reason to not get an A unless you are lazy.
5.0 : Professor Schaefer is amazing. Please take him if you get the chance. I genuinely enjoyed this class and learned a lot. His assignments are thought-provoking and graded fairly. Almost impossible not to get an A, even in the Honors section.
5.0 : Professor Schaefer is literally the easiest professor at Temple, maybe in the state of Pennsylvania. He gives you the questions to the only 2 tests you have, a week before you have them! He grades papers easily, and if you somehow do bad on the midterm, he lets you redo it. Wish he taught every class
3.5 : He's really one of the nicest professors ever, BUT if you take his night class, its very boring. Easy A, Nice Prof, Boring. 3 one page papers, mid term and final. Gives you questions that will be on the midterm and final
5.0 : Just stop and do whatever you can to get in this class. Its easier than all of my high school classes I had.
4.0 : Really nice guy. Wants to make a boring class interesting. Does not believe in giving perfect scores on papers or projects which can hurt your grade.
5.0 : dr. schaefer is super chill and laid back! his lectures were a little boring but that's because the subject of the class was dry. he engaged with the class a lot and made class interesting, and he's a super easy grader! he only assigned a couple written assignments and 2 exams, for which he gave questions in advance and allowed a cheat sheet.
5.0 : The greatest teacher. Gives great feedback. Class is fun. Three papers were fun, you had to do one on Ethnic neighborhood, a video of your choice, and someone that came from another country that stays here to live.  A midterm and final and he give you the week before, and a cheat sheet.  You don't need to buy the book everything on powerpoint.
5.0 : Dr. Schaefer is a man who really cares about what he's teaching and it actually made me want to go to a class which I really had no interest in before i signed up. His lectures are interesting and he gives a page of personalized feedback to every student for literally every paper and worksheet. There's 3 papers and a few group projects, easy A.
5.0 : EASIEST CLASS EVER. Great teacher but boring subject. Went to class and didn't do anything. Two tests but open notes and he gives you a study guide. Some assignment but all done within class.  Easy A.
5.0 : EASIEST TEACHER EVER! You don't even need to show up for class. Just make sure you do the work, which is very minimal. For the Mid-term and Final exams, he gives you the questions beforehand. All you need to do is look through the Powerpoints, find the answers, and write them down on your cheatsheet. I think it's impossible NOT to ace this class.
3.0 : He's an okay professor at best. He speaks way too quickly, to the point that it's impossible to keep up with the notes at times. Stay on top of the work and come to class, and you'll do fine. The class is stressful but not hard. He does not believe in giving 100% on major assignments even if he has no criticisms, so beware! It could hurt your grade
5.0 : He's a really nice and caring guy. The class subject was interesting and he did a great job teaching it! There's not a lot of regular homework but there are occasionally quizzes and tests (which he gives all the questions for in advance). It's easy to do well and also it's a good class!
5.0 : Professor Schaefer is amazing. His lectures are simple and easy to understand (even if he speaks quickly sometimes). He engages the class a ton, and he does his best to make even the driest pats of the course interesting.
4.0 : Really sweet guy. Content matter is a little dry but he makes it bearable. All slides are put on blackboard making it easy to study for the finals and midterm (which he gives you the questions for.) I would take him again!
2.0 : Don't take the night class if you can, it is terribly long and boring. The class is easy, don't buy the book, boring as hell though. Also, he doesn't believe in A+ so the highest grade you can get is an A.
5.0 : Kenneth was an awesome professor to say the least. He loved the topic he was teaching which made it interesting to learn. Midterm and Final are open note, and he gives you a study sheet on what's going to be on it a week prior. Three writing assignments that are easy. If you have a chance to take Kenneth, I highly recommend it.
5.0 : He is a great professor. He explains the topics clearing. There are mostly worksheets and discussions rather then test. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5.0 : Super passionate and helpful and sweet. One of the most engaged professors I've ever had the pleasure of taking, and he gave at least three times as much feedback on all my papers for an elective Gen Ed as my actual business professors. Class wasn't too hard, and he gave the test questions out beforehand and allowed cheat sheets.
3.0 : Brilliant professor, which means high standards for her students. Her tests are not something you can cram for, but she gives a study guide (basically all the questions on the tests). Lots of lots of reading; it's really tedious but what can you expect from a linguistics class? Really bubbly and sweet though; you gotta pay attention! Take notes!!
2.0 : Really unhelpful. Tough to read-sometimes she's great, but others totally all over the place. Wouldn't recommend to anyone, unless you really need the credits.
5.0 : Dr. Gagas was an excellent professor at our technical writing class. Very helpful and insightful. I enjoyed every assignment we did. His sessions on writing really helped me improve my essays and gave good feedbacks. Highly recommended; take him if you want to learn.
4.5 : Gagas really knows his stuff and is passionate about teaching. 3 papers on topics you get to choose within the category he assigns you.
5.0 : Best english professor I've ever had.
4.0 : Dr. Palumbo is a very fair and nice teacher. English 701 requires a lot of writing but she gives you good feedback and allows you to do better on them. If you work hard, ask her for help when needed, and do the necessarily things she tells you to do, its an A, if not a b at the least. There is quizzes everyday but she is lenient on it.
4.0 : Super straightforward, organized. 3 6-7pg papers, short response open note  quizzes every class. No exams/projects. Basically read the assigned texts, take some notes, use the notes on the quizzes, easy points. Papers are lengthy. I made outlines beforehand. Do your work, put some effort in, you'll get an A.
5.0 : The course was structured around Gothic Literature, which is one of the most interesting topics in 802/902. Her lectures were interesting and she was very knowledgable and funny. There was a quiz every class, and I found that this helped me stay on top of the readings and participate in class. Her feedback on the essays was also very useful.
5.0 : She was awesome. The class was also very interesting. She gets everyone involved and really enjoys what she is teaching. It was a summer session, so she gave a quiz in each class, but nothing hard at all. No text book but a lot of BB articles. No tests and the final wasn't too hard either. I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Probably the best experience in an English class I've ever had. The class was focused on American gothic short stories, which are unusual but pretty interesting. You're quizzed each class on assigned reading (somewhat annoying, but it does make you read which is the point). The bulk of your grade comes from 3 medium-length analytical papers.
5.0 : In-class discussions draw me in without fail, and leave me with a clear understanding of the reading the night before.
5.0 : Dr. P is absolutely amazing.  American Lit can be kind of dry, but she makes it incredibly interesting.  She gives daily quizzes, but they are easy if you do the readings.  Take notes!!! It'll help you out during the Midterm and Final.  She is a gem!
5.0 : I loved this class. There was a midterm and final, but they are open notes so take detailed notes during the year. Daily quizzes, but as long as you do the readings they aren't hard. Participation matters in this class, but she asks a wide range of questions that are easy to answer.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. She's hilarious and the class is easy as long as you do all the readings (2-3 short stories read for every class). There's a quiz every class, but you can use your notes on the readings. 3 6 page papers due, but she gives AWESOME feedback and really makes it easy for you to write them. 10/10 would recommend
4.5 : She was great! The discussions were interesting and she really gave good feedback on the mandatory paper conferences. Take her if you get the chance.
5.0 : I loved the class and the way Professor Palumbo taught it. She's incredibly passionate, kind of weird, very intelligent, and very funny. As long as you do the basic requirements of the course (read the texts, participate, pay attention during lecture + take detailed lecture notes), you will do well.
4.5 : Her lectures were very engaging, and she gave very clear feedback on my essays. Make sure you participate &amp; do the assigned reading, because there is a quiz in the beginning of each class. Overall I really enjoyed Dr. Palumbo's teaching style!
5.0 : It is obvious she loves her job. Her excitement everyday, definitely made it easier for me to not hate English. I actually feel like I was finally learning something, and now I don't feel like I am a good writer, but I am a good writer.
5.0 : Dr.Brunner is amazing. He really cares about his students and explains things in a straightforward easy going manner. Marching band would not be the same without his dedication. He does his best to push us further and publicize us. You will love him. Go Owls!Go Band!
5.0 : Dr. Brunner is amazing at what he does. He really cares about all of his students and is very passionate about the TUDMB. He made my first year of marching band fun and it was one of the best experiences of my life! He really focuses on bringing everyone in the band together, regardless of your major, to make us one big family.
5.0 : Marching Band is one of the best experiences of my life so far. Brunner loves his job and is more dedicated to his band than anyone else I know. The TUDMB would be nothing without him!
4.0 : Great online course for the summer and not too hard at all. Fun topics complimented with interesting videos and readings. Take if you can!
5.0 : Really great professor. Funny and very relatable. A  young professor so he knows the ins and outs of being a teenager and teaches this course very well because of that. Honestly made my 9am class very fun and woke me up for the rest of my day. I would retake this professor anytime, If you're able to take Brad, I recommend you do it!
5.0 : I really enjoyed his class.. his lectures were entertaining and he actually gets to know his students on a personal level- which not many professors do.  I enjoyed this class for a 9am start and I def learned a lot!
5.0 : Brad was by far one of the best professors that I have had at Temple so far. He is super silly and makes class fun. Very understanding and relatable. Easy grader and knows what he's talking about. This is a great class to take.
4.5 : Gives good feedback
5.0 : Professor Daughton is a very competent professor. He is very helpful during office hours and will make every effort to meet with you, even outside office hours. However, this is somewhat mitigated by the fact that the Temple math department goes out of their way to heavily deflate your grade through their overly harsh grading of exams.
4.5 : Probably one of the best math professors I've ever had.  Always willing to help and super nice to all his students.  Tests are kind of hard, and he gives quizzes every week, but those are easy if you do homework and listen in class.  Students are randomly selected to report homework answers in class each day.  Strict attendance.  Really passionate.
5.0 : This is the easiest class I ever took. Class wasn't mandatory but you definitely should go because everything he goes goes through is on the test. Class wasn't boring either and sometimes he lets you out early.
5.0 : He made his lectures fun. I thought the class was easy but it could depend on you if you like stats or not but there's a lot of help offered and he even dedicates the class before a test to helping students. Weekly homework was given and you needed the app only on temple computers. One big final group project presentation and paper.
4.0 : I took Prof. Arceneaux for a QL Gen Ed and it ended up being one of my favorite classes I've taken. Although the material is not something I would want to study forever, the lectures are very clear. Prof. Arceneaux makes the material interesting and is a really nice guy. Also, he looks like Chris D'Elia which is kinda fun
4.0 : Prof. Arceneaux knew what he was talking about and was interested in what he was teaching. The material was hard for me and being in a large lecture it was hard to make myself known to him but he's a nice guy and genuinely cares about teaching his students the material. He's always around for office hours and is an intelligent professor.
5.0 : I'm a senior student with some learning issues and Professor Arceneaux was the nicest and kindest professor I have had at Temple University. He responds to emails quickly, is clear in what he is wanting, will work with you, and just an all around great person. This man should get a raise for being what all professors should be.
5.0 : Dr. Arceneaux is easily my favorite professor! He really knows what he is talking about and his lectures are incredible. His tests are not difficult, you just need to show up and do the homework.
5.0 : The class was cool, if you show up and take notes you will do well on the exam. There are only two major exams and if you pass the two you don't have to take the final which was great. There is a 100 point assignment due every week but taking good notes helps. The professor is very helpful in office hours as well.
5.0 : Great teacher. He was interested in the material, and it made class more interesting. I learned a lot in his class. The material he selected is intentionally selected for its content.  I learned a lot in his class.
5.0 : There's a textbook, but he rarely gave homework to the point where it isn't worth it. Participate a lot so you get on his good side and you'll get an A on every paper easily. At times I felt I wrote horrible papers but he'd say "good content, A". He's a quirky hilarious guy and very understanding. The class itself is super easy so don't worry.
5.0 : Deep from the bowels of the Temple English department, teaming with disinterested stiffs cowering behind their gleaming phd's, comes Schossler, a true literary mythical being of sorts! Striking down the "education by numbers" models with unyielding clout and wit! He is said to only come out at night, but if given the chance marvel at the Schoss!
4.0 : The best teacher, easy just do your work he requires!
4.5 : Taking his class for technical writing and it's pretty straight forward. The only thing I disliked is the long final writing assignment at the end of the semester. It's 15 pages even though we're in groups. But he's amazing and SUPER hot. Lol
5.0 : What a guy. Prof. Schossler is awesome. He lets you revise the first two assignments. Do your work, follow directions, and ask questions if you need to.
5.0 : Professor Schossler made this course relaxing and fun. Just do all the work on time and you will get an A. He is always there if you need help. Textbook is required and attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : AMAZING professor! Very little work, everything was a piece of cake. The only thing is the group project at the end, which is 15 pages and requires a presentation. But besides that, it's an easy A course. He is hilarious, down-to-Earth, kind, and cares about his students. TAKE HIM!!!
5.0 : Steinberg is a very old fashioned professor. He makes his lectures interesting and taking good notes is key to passing. Don't buy the books because he covers the material really well. He's a nice man and really just wants to see people put in some effort. Would definitely take him again
1.0 : Extremely easy but I didn't learn anything. He lectures nonstop (on history, not even what we're reading) and I find myself wanting to skip every class. He was extremely disrespectful, making comments like it's natural for men to rape because of their hormones and making fun of one student's accent. Don't take if you offend easily.
5.0 : Read the books and take good notes and you will get an A. One of my favorite professors to date! I would highly recommend. Corny but funny jokes. Make sure to write a lot on exams.
5.0 : If you get the chance to take him for Mosaics, jump on it. Easiest class I've taken yet. The classes are boring, but if you show up and write down what he lectures pretty much verbatim you'll be able to order it all later in ways to answer his essays and papers. Just write clearly and organized and you'll get the A. Buy the books for reference.
5.0 : He makes class interesting and you actually learn things. He's not the most socially aware guy but he's respectful and hasn't said anything that's offensive so far. I really enjoyed his class.
2.0 : Professor Steinberg is a smart, funny guy. But he doesn't include any PowerPoints, notes, etc. for his lectures. So if you don't hear what he says (which is common because he's scatterbrained and kind of crazy), you're screwed. And your entire grade is based on 3 exams. That's it. I don't recommend taking him unless you have NO other options.
3.5 : Dr. Steinberg is by far one of the best professors I have ever had. Mosaics II sucks as a class but he made it so much fun, mostly through his constant rambling and deviating from the subject completely. He told us his old war stories and just tons of really funny jokes, making an otherwise dull class extremely pleasant. Would take again.
1.0 : Easy A but a ridiculous waste of time as a class. He makes false statements based on personal anecdotes and you learn absolutely nothing. He approaches complex subjects such as race and transgender issues with severe shallowness. Would NOT recommend him for a professor. He's funny but it doesn't make up for his absolute lack of knowledge.
4.0 : definitely an easy A class. Just two papers and two exams, but the exams were just essay questions that were easy to prep for. He doesn't just completely lecture, he'll kinda go off on tangents which I didn't mind. I do wish he made a powerpoint or something that would help with taking notes
5.0 : I did not expect much from this class. However, I learned a lot from Dr. S. Dr. S is awesome! He is an expert in his field and you can tell he cares a lot about his class and students. I enjoyed his jokes and the lively class discussions. Highly recommend!
5.0 : She is only the greatest professor at Temple. Runs her class amazingly. A beautiful person inside and out. Loved her class.
3.0 : I had Dr. Hersch for The Art of Sacred Space. I would not suggest taking this if you are not remotely interested in Ancient Rome. Dr. Hersch is extremely passionate about the material that she teaches, however she expects her students to be as excited and upbeat as she is. Quizzes once every two weeks, 2 exams, 1 group project.
5.0 : Prof. Cunicelli is one of my favorite professors that I have had here at Temple. Before taking Spanish I was nervous but he makes it comfortable and fun and has a lot of patience.  I would highly recommend taking him, you will not regret it!
4.5 : Extremely nice guy. Very helpful
4.5 : Campbell does his best to help his students understand the material. If you don't get something ask questions and he'll explain it until you understand. The TAs grade your papers and tests but they follow a standardized rubric so its fair. The book for the class is a little confusing so it's best to show up for class to get the material.
5.0 : Awesome experience! Campbell was very helpful when I took media theory. He's not on your back about lateness but its best to attend the classes. His test weren't too difficult at all.
3.0 : Very easy class because content is common sense and straight forward, but as a person and professor one-on-one he was very degrading and rude. Avoid his office if you can. Exams were easy, just be careful of who grades your paper because usually it is a T.A. and they weren't very bright this past semester. Avoid him if you can.
5.0 : Honestly, probably the best professor I've ever had. If you are taking Media Theory TAKE HIS CLASS. Covers a lot of material in one semester, but the lectures are interesting and fun. Plus it's rare to find someone who's a great prof AND an awesome person- usually they're one or the other- but he's both. Pretty sure this guy's an actual genius too.
3.0 : Professor Campbell was a rambler. He talks a lot about things that don't necessarily pertain to the material we are supposed to be learning. I found this to be boring most times, but you can't really miss any lectures or you'll be behind. Overall, this Professor Campbell is a good person and cares about the topics he's teaching.
4.0 : Ended up skipping most classes and still got over 100% on the midterm and final exams. The material is super easy and the projects are short and have very specific instructions. Campbell is a very personable guy, very easy to talk to and eager to give help.
5.0 : Prof Hamid is a really great teacher who cares a lot about his students and always tries to help you out. BUT precalc is a really tough class if your algebra isn't strong DON'T take it he won't boost your overall grade &amp; the midterm/final will screw you over his quizzes are always easier than the actual tests.
4.5 : if you want to pass Pre cal &amp; Cal 1 then takes this prof.  STRONGLY SUGGESTION : TEMPLE HAS THE BEST MATH PROF IS PROF. HAMID MOHAMMAD. DO YOUR HW &amp; ATTENTION IN CLASS  YOU WILL DEFINITELY GET AN A
5.0 : I had Professor Mohammed, he cares so much about his students.  I personally think he would be a great chem professor, but hey he chose pre-cal.  He is a great teacher, but this is a difficult course. His quizzes are extremely easy, they are the homework problems, but the exams are more difficult. Just study and take the work seriously.
5.0 : BEST MATH TEACHER IN TEMPLE, TXTBOOK HW IS OPTIONAL BUT I STRONGLY RECOMMENDED TO DO EVERYONE, DO NOT MISS AN ONLINE HW - TRY TO GET AN 100% ON THAT HW, QUIZZES ARE ALWAYS REALLY EASY, SO DON'T MISS 17% OF YOUR FINAL GRADE. MIDTERM IS REALLY HARD BUT MADE BY MATH DEPARTMENT,  TRY TO GET AS MUCH AS IN MIDTERMS 1 AND 2 BECUASE STUDENT GETS F GRADE.
5.0 : Great teacher, very enthusiastic and always willing to help his students. Makes class enjoyable. His teaching is very clear. Gives easy quizzes that will really help your grade if you take them seriously.
3.5 : He explains every single thing ,but he always have mistakes when he solve a problem. You have to stay awake so you know how to do the problems right. Don't miss the online homework.
4.0 : He's a solid professor. He's a bit nutty and can go on tangents, but he will make sure that you understand the material at hand and lets you ask questions. Precalc sucks no matter what. Regardless of who you have you will need to study and do your homework. His quizzes are fair and if you need help he will happily give it
5.0 : Awesome teacher, very clear and helpful to all of his students, treats you like his own. Take him for precalc!
2.0 : Funny guy. Awful teacher. A-W-F-U-L. The only reason I passed is because I took precalc in high school. I can't even count the amount of times I sat in class saying "he's doing it wrong". Barely answers any questions, probably bc he can't understand you. Take someone who can actually teach! The exams are really hard, so you need a good teacher!
5.0 : Professor Stahler is one of the best people in general that I know. He relates very personally to the topic around Drugs and Urban Society. I HIGHLY recommend to take this class and it is also offered as an inside out class if anyone is interested in taking this in a prison. I hope everyone enjoys this class as much as I did!
5.0 : He was the best professor I have had not just at Temple, but in all of undergrad. Drugs in urban society will open your mind in so many ways if he is teaching the class. I left that semester a changed person for the better. I think this particular class should be a requirement for gen Ed.
5.0 : Prof. Stahler is great. I had him Drugs in Urban Society and it was one of my favorite classes I had ever taken at Temple. He is the perfect college professor: cool enough to discuss things comfortably and clearly, while getting important messages across. On top of that, his classroom environment was always open and relaxed. Easy A, take him!
5.0 : Highly knowledgeable, great professor
5.0 : The most laid-back professor you will EVER encounter. One of my favorites at Temple! His class is very straightforward, lectures are interactive and interesting, and you will learn a lot. You'd have to try hard to not get an A. Everyone needs to take this class!
5.0 : Ian is the man. Laid back and chill, gives flexibility and makes a class that many students complain about interesting with insightful dialogue and class discussions. Highly recommended for Mosiacs I
4.0 : Hegan is one of my favorite professors. Before taking "the American Precedency" I was in the course "Campaigns elections and the media" during the 2016 election, received an A. He has all original slides with graphs and data. The new class seems harder, every Monday quizzes make the book a necessity. He sometimes offers extra credit if you ask.
5.0 : Solid guy, good teacher.
4.0 : Hagen is brilliant! He is very patient with deadlines and fair. He always goes out of his way to help students get the most out of his class. Capstones are a drag, but Hagen makes them less stressful. Take him you wont regret it.
5.0 : Professor Hagen is a nice guy but his class was really boring to me. And if you already have background knowledge in politics and/or history, the class will come across really rudimentary. That being said, I barely showed up to class and got an A. Do well on the mid-term and final and you're golden.
4.0 : He's really cool. Very easy class, lectures aren't bad.
5.0 : Hagen is a really nice guy and the lectures can be really interesting, especially if you're into politics. There is 1 paper, which is really easy and only supposed to be about 4 pages. There is also a midterm and a final, all short answeressay and long essay. If you study, the tests are easy.
4.5 : Professor Hagen is a great professor and a really nice guy. Grades are based on: midterm, final, 4-page paper and participationoffice visit.  His exams consist of several essay questions; study well and you'll do fine. He posts his slides, but take notes because they will help you remember a lot more. Get ready to learn about American politics!
5.0 : Hagen is the best professor I have had at Temple so far
5.0 : Awesome professor. Super easy. Two tests and a one page essay. Take him.
5.0 : hands down best professor ever. Class is so easy and he puts everything on blackboard so you never have to really show except for exams. He also is always in his office during his office hours and just a nice guy. You can tell he cares a lot about the class and his students. Also hilarious guy
2.5 : I had a really hard time in Hagens class. He was confusing and unclear. He made the problems seem a lot more difficult than they actually are. I went to every class and payed attention but still did not preform as well as I wanted to. When we would leave class most of the students would talk about how confused they were.
5.0 : Hagen is a great professor a little sarcastic but I love it
5.0 : Best teacher Ive taken for the semester.
4.0 : Hagen is really knowledgeable in his field! The class is pretty basic if you've ever taken an American history course or have any prior interest in politics. I showed up maybe 1/3 of the time and ended with an A. He posts slides and study guides for every exam.
5.0 : This man doesn't make you come to class and assigns very little things, also pushes due dates back for more time. Take his classes!!! Super funny
4.0 : Great lecturer, very knowledgeable, and well-respected in his field. Also an easy class. However, he was disorganized and didn't produce a syllabus until week five, and then never followed it, so it was hard to keep up with class and any assignments. Do not take if uncertainty bothers you.
5.0 : Prof. Hagen is a beautiful person inside and out. He cares about the subject and his students and is very knowledgable about the subject. Definitely need the textbook for the quizzes as the questions are based only off the book (sometimes not necessarily real life). He is a fair grader for quizzes/essays and wants student to succeed.
5.0 : A great professor overall. Would recommend taking him for this Research Prep. Class was a breeze and very enjoyable.
5.0 : Had him for an intro to government class, super cool guy. Very goofy and obviously interested in the subject matter. Four exams, one very short and very easy essay, and the rest is bookwork and lecture. Prof Hagen WANTS to help and WANTS to make the class as simple as possible. A super easy A and an overall very enjoyable class and professor.
5.0 : Professor Hagen's Intro into American Politics is an easy A+ and is quite fair with work. 4 Exams, 1 paper (Draft &amp; Final). Easy
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and accommodating professor. I took her Urban Environment class at Temple and learned a lot about environmental sustainability. My favorite part about her classes were that we actually got first hand learning experience via frequent field trips
5.0 : Her class is not easy, but it was one of the most enjoyable classes I've ever had at Temple. You can tell she cares about what she does. Her class and material - while long - are really engaging.
5.0 : The class might not have been the easiet, but Tina was there whenever I needed help or clarity on issues regarding topics or papers. Also took the class outside the classroom to gain real world insight. Helped refer to jobs and internships. Very helpful and motivational.
4.5 : Professor Rosan is incredibly kind and helpful. You can tell she genuinely cares about her class doing well.
4.0 : Dr. Berman is a really great professor! She lectures with real passion and knowledge on the subject. She does expect a good, solid work ethic (which she has, since she graduated from Yale). Whoever takes her classes will be really glad they had her as a professor. I thought I was knowledgeable about the Holocaust, yet I learned so much from her.
5.0 : Great teacher! One of my favorites! Gives good feedback and she's a easier grader!  She teaches at Brooklyn College now. She genuinely cares about her students, and she always there for you! Would definitely take her again if I had the chance!
3.5 : He's a really cool guy. He knows what he's talking about &amp; you can tell he actually cares about it too. He's really laid back and casual in class too. I never even bought the textbooks &amp; I'm doing fine in the class. No homework, but occasional exams. Really easy stuff. Cool professor, interesting class content, low workload. Definitely recommend.
4.0 : While a neophyte to a lot of film terminology, Oliver is responsible for a superior class in filmmaking for the layperson. He doesn't mind debating you (even if he's wrong) and is willing to endure a lot of blind alleys in discussion if he thinks it will improve the classroom dynamic. Without a doubt, he is both open-minded and fair.
5.0 : Best professor. 3 essays, group project and final exam.  Not hard,fun class.
4.5 : She's an amazing professor. You really have to work for your grade, as she is a tough grader and a hard critic, but she TRULY cares for her students and goes above and beyond to help you understand the material and succeed in the future and not just for her class. She's hilarious and amazing, if you have to take this class, take HER.
4.0 : Brandi is overall a nice professor, but the class is so boring. Expect to not talk about things related to the class but her own personal agenda as a defense attorney. She is very harsh on grades and will simply take off points for meaningless reasons.
4.0 : Brandi was a good teacher. I had her for Capital Punishment, essentially we was suppose to have 3 papers we wand up only having 2 but gave us an extra credit assignment if we wanted to drop the lowest grade. Talks about her cases a lot but was very engaged with this class. Read the books because you will have to write a reflection paper on it.
5.0 : She really made Capital Punishment interesting. She was clear about how she was grading. There were several books she had us write papers on. All of the books really were interesting and good choices.
5.0 : Brandon is the best professor- he is so creative and helpful and just real. He makes my semester bearable. He really opens people up as an artist and as a person. Definitely inspirational and caring. He's so interesting to, be sure to ask him about his adventures as a teen. Overall, if you get the option to take any of his classes, TAKE THEM!
4.0 : Great professor! Funny and entertaining. This course involves alot of work, but once you get the hang of it... then gets easier.
4.5 : Professor Monos is a great guy, easy to talk to, very intelligent and a good teacher. Make sure you stop by his office hours because that REALLY helps. He cares about the success of his students. If you take the feedback from your papers, you will continue to do better. The class is not badd, just learn the Capsim simulation. That is important.
1.5 : He is funny and great at keeping the class entertained. The laughing quickly turns from jovial laughter to nervous laughter when grading starts. He is tough. Your first paper is basically a hail mary to discover what he wants for the rest, and it takes many by surprise. LEARN CAPSIM way in advance. He is a very slow grader. Very, very hard A.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Slow but fair grader. First paper grade will be your lowest grade as he will explain what he wants from a paper. Afterward, follow his advice and you should be good to go on other papers. For capsim, learn during practice rounds so when you are playing for real, you will have some kind of idea on what to do...
5.0 : Professor Monos is literally the best professor I have had while at Temple.  He is hilarious and very interesting.  He doesn't sit there and read out of a textbook.  He uses his real life experiences to help you learn.  He also is very real with you.  He lets you know what to expect when you graduate and he generally cares about your progress.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors at TU. Took him for summer. Two group presentations (one HBS and Capsim), two individual papers (HBS-were not hard), and Capsim (group and individual rounds). No textbook but you have to pay for Capsim. Highly recommend for BA 3103. Extremely helpful (he gave out extra info sheet-TQM, etc.).
4.0 : Monos is the funniest professor ive had at Temple. The class isnt a walk in the park but monos has the ability to make the lectures tolerable due his sense of humor and up-beat teaching style. However, it is quite obvious he does not want to be a teacher as he specifically says he doesnt want us going to his office hours or emailing him.
4.0 : Dr. Monos is one of my favorite professors at Temple. For a required class, he makes it enjoyable because he's hilarious and gives real life examples. He genuinely cares about his students' success both inside and outside the classroom. Follow his advice for papers, Capsim, and the presentations and you'll be fine!
5.0 : Monos is the man. Can be a bit unclear but he's a good professor. The class is hard because of the compxm, but doable.
5.0 : Great and fun professor. Loved the class. Keep up with the attendance and the homework and you are fine.
5.0 : He is a good guy. Class is really easy. 3 tests, 1 debate and some other short assignments. attendance is not mandatory. same question on all exams. just study the powerpoints and one article. recommend.
3.0 : Professor Miller thinks he can teach better than other professors, so he makes short answer exams, 4 debates, and 1 six page paper instead of watching and analyzing movies. He grades pretty tough and makes you participate. OK guy, but he makes the class much harder than it should be.
4.0 : Professor miller is a good guy, always coming at CCP students but I am a CCP student and have gotten A's on everything he has assigned. Easy class, just go to class, do the work, and you will pass. Tests are all write outs but they are fairly easy if you know the material.
2.0 : The class workload isn't too bad, but he is very rude. He grades pretty tough on the exams and calls out students randomly. I wouldn't recommend unless you like slurping up professors.
5.0 : If you do not understand the material, he will take the time to help you understand it.
5.0 : When you are taking the summer course, make sure to review lecture powerpoints and really do the computer labs. Because it is only 6 weeks, it is going to be intense, but it is YOU who wanted to take the course. Exams are from lectures and he has given extra credit assignments. He is really nice and I highly recommend taking this course.
5.0 : Great professor. Though I won't lie and say the material was easy for everyone in Biostatistics, Dr. Sun was a very fair grader and takes time to make sure students understand key points. He is also very willing to work with students on any problem areas and you can tell that he enjoys teaching. Enjoyable sense of humor as well!
5.0 : Love him! The highest compliment I can give a teacher is being a fair grader who only tests you on the material presented instead of trying to trick you. If you learn the power points then you will do well on the tests.  Studying is a must but your efforts will pay off. Overall he is great and his sense of humor livens up an otherwise dry topic.
5.0 : Great professor who really cares about his students.  He's there for you. I took him years ago and he's still helping me with job tips and guidance.
5.0 : Hysterical dude who loves his job. Highly recommend to anyone considering criminal justice as a major. Course is easy as long as you go to class.
5.0 : Funny and smart, if you can take Professor Alkus, take him! He's a professor that's smart, but makes his class fun without being way too overbearing. He's genuine. Some points: 1. Uploads PP after he finishes it               2. 1 quiz per week.                                       3. You need to read the chapters to pass.
5.0 : Had Alkus for Terrorism. He is HILARIOUS and his experiences in federal law enforcement make for amazing lectures. Take a class with him, you won't want to skip. If you show up and skim the readings, you'll do very well. Alkus makes himself available to students and is very interested in helping with their career plans. He's the real deal.
5.0 : Easily one of the best professor's I've ever had. I have laughed out loud in his class multiple times because he's hilarious and has great stories! He is also really knowledgeable about law enforcement and criminal justice in general. I looked forward to going to his class and made sure to schedule another class with him next semester.
5.0 : Alkus is incredibly hilarious and has more experience than any professor I've ever taken. The information is a breeze and is actually interesting if you pay attention. He does give a ton of quizzes but they're easy so just keep up with the readings. He gives extra credit and study guides for exams. One of the best professors I've taken at temple!
4.5 : Really knows what he's talking about, always makes the classes interesting. Definitely take his class if you get the chance.
5.0 : Alkus knows his stuff from being a fed. Classes are great and will go out of his way to help you find a job.  Nobody works harder for students then Alkus.
5.0 : The course is awesome.  I learned so much. You get theory and then practice what we learned.  Real hands on stuff. Plus Alkus helps students with finding jobs and help with resumes and applications.  He's super approachable too.  Lots of opportunities to do well but tests are tough. I learned more in this class than any others at TU.
5.0 : Alkus is awesome. Hes a great professor. Hes also really willing to helping you get an internship or a job.  I emailed Irons 3 times and she never replied.  A friend said ask Alkus. He helped me with my resume and helped me find a great internship.  Hes the best.
5.0 : Alkus is an incredible professor. Lectures are consistently interesting and easy to pay attention to. Tests are easy if you review the provided study guide and skim the book chapters. Schedule a meeting with him outside of class, he'll provide you with tons of career advice and job opportunities. Hands down the best professor in Temple's CJ dept.
5.0 : I've taken Alkus twice now and I recommend any student (even if you're not a CJ major) take him at least once. His class is actually fun to attend because he's funny and he knows how to hold students' attention during lectures. He cares more about his courses and the CJ field than any other prof I've taken. Also pretty easy to get an A.
5.0 : By far my favorite class this semester. Professor Alkus is hilarious, know's what he is talking about, and great at sharing that with his students. He does give pop quizzes but just skim through the text and you should get a hundred every time. Learned so much and never felt overwhelmed. I plan on taking more of his classes at Temple.
5.0 : Take him for the Organized Crime and Terrorism classes. Super easy and a fun class. You will want to go to class. Best teacher i have had.
5.0 : Alkus is the greatest, not just for this class but all of his. He knows his stuff and is always willing to help. If you are looking to get into Law Enforcement he is extremely helpful with advice and contacts. Hands down one of my best professors at Temple.
5.0 : Professor Alkus is the best professor I've ever had. His class inspired me and encouraged me every day. I always wanted to go to class and listen to his lectures. He knows the material for the Terrorism course so well and was an incredible professor. Very willing to help outside of class as well. Take Professor Alkus for any and every class.
5.0 : Taking Prof Coleman will be the best decision you ever made. He is the smartest guy you'll meet. He has something interesting to say about everything. He has a witty sarcastic line in response to most things. Really, he just wants to make you smile. He makes it clear he knows this class isn't your top priority and makes class interesting.
5.0 : she is a great teacher. I loved that she had study sessions that were similar to the tests we had. then we had zaps online assignments which were pretty easy. Also she gives extra credit zaps at the end of the semester to those in need of it. I enjoyed her class very much. She is a kind hearted lady.
4.5 : I enjoyed her class! She's very helpful and definitely wants her students to pass. She gives a fair amount of extra credit and drops the lowest test grade. Her class was definitely easy.
5.0 : had her for cognitive psychology. Pros: zaps were CAKE &amp; grade boosters. plus lots of extra credits. If u have an A in the class after the 4th exam u do NOT have to take the final! always takes attendance  but said it doesnt count towards your grades. cons:study guides doesnt cover everything that will be on exam! study the slides &amp; txtbook!
3.5 : I had her for Psy 2101 Cognitive Psychology. I loved the class ad found her lectures very interesting. Tests and labs were not hard at all. She was not very personable at all though. I'd take again but expect her to be cold.
3.0 : She knows what she's doing, but her lectures are drawn out. The only homework is a couple online labs. Her tests are a little difficult, but if you know the terms and background, you'll be fine. She takes attendance every class. I never use the book.
5.0 : Put in effort and you'll get a good grade. Sweet woman and she is extremely approachable. She is the best prof I've ever had and I wish I could take her again. Put in the effort and you'll get an A... there are also many buffer assignments to boost your grade. Exam reviews she told you exactly what was on the exam (the exact questions).
4.0 : Shapiro is overall a pretty good professor. There are 4 exams (she drops one) and a final... Study the slides and read through the book and you'll do well on them. She does take attendance but I missed probably 10-12 classes and she didn't take off any points.
5.0 : She's an amazing professor! She made everything clear and simple to understand. She gives well detailed study guides that help you focus on what to study. If you need an A, she's the teacher to take. You have 4 exams and she drops the lowest grades. You also have an article review you need to write, and an article discussion group.  Easy.
5.0 : I LOVE DR. SHAPIRO
2.5 : uses powepoints, notes taken directly from textbook, grade is based off tests and online experiments, willing to help outside of class, but tests are hard regardless of if you study
3.0 : Two major papers for this class. A few other assignments, but no tests. However, she said today in class (2016) that she is now adding tests to this course so ignore anything that says you wont get any tests! Readings where assigned but never discussed. She's very nice and helpful, but can be hard to follow her logic on things.
5.0 : Probably my favorite professor at Temple. She's very cool and doesn't throw any curveballs: you know exactly what you're getting into from the very first class and how it's going to be. As long as you show up, do the work and at least put some effort in, you're guaranteed to get a good grade.
5.0 : She is amazing professor at Temple University . She is caring a lot about the students , I really appreciate that , i recommended her . I hope to take all my psych classes with her .
4.5 : This class is the easiest A you can find. You do have to study, but after just looking at her slides and study guides, I found it very easy to get a 95 or higher on the exams. Lots of extra credit Shes begging students to ace the course by putting 10+ extra credit questions on an exam. Loved her and I look forward to taking her again next semester!
4.5 : Easy teacher as long as you put in the work.  Lectures are based off the book, so you really don't need to go to class.
5.0 : Amazing teacher who loves what she teaches. She has clear guidelines and expectations. She has generous extra credit and attendance policies make this class a no brainer to pass. The tests are not tricky at all. The book is not necessary but reading it and attending lecture essentially got me a 100%. Especially for psych majors, take her for 2101.
5.0 : Dr. Shapiros creativity and Psychopathology class was one of my favorite classes at Temple University. She makes class relevant, current, fun. Shes such an inspirational professor who cares about students. Shes got style. A Phenomenal person, who Is also very beautiful. Loved her luminous silver hair, endearing smile, and being in her presence.
5.0 : love shapiro so much! favorite professor at temple! can not wait to take her again. really clear about grading and obviously cares for her students! big lecture but she always made sure to be timely with grades. she told me i had an a and i didn't have to take the final exam. usually teachers leave the guess work to you. really went out of her way
5.0 : Dr. Shapiro is the best professor I have ever had at Temple! She is one of the few professors who genuinely cares about seeing her students succeed. As long as you show up and do the assignments you will pass! She gives study guides, has helpful lectures, drops the lowest test, and gives extra credit. Do yourself a favor and take her classes!
4.0 : Dr. Shapiro is one of, if not the most, thorough professors I've had at Temple. I had a bit of syllabus shock at the beginning of the semester because of 2 major papers and a few other assignments. However, she breaks everything down and it's super simple. Very accessible for office hours! No exams for my class.
5.0 : I love Dr. Shapiro, she was extremely helpful when assigning papers because she knows it is a lot of work. She made herself available for ample time outside of office hours to accommodate her students. Her examples and experience are inspiring and enhance the time in the class. I recommend taking her at any opportunity!
5.0 : Professor Scott is extremely helpful! If you are having problems or are even slightly confused just talk to her about it and she's willing to talk it through with you for as long as it takes. She has kick-ass mock trials and you learn most of the class through participation!
4.0 : Really sweet teacher but tends to interrupt you when you participate. Lots of readingsfilms packed into curriculum but they're more interesting than your typical textbooks. For some reason she tends to not want to give you too many points (nitpicking)-gave me 1920, 95100, but I didn't really miss important points to warrant losing points.
2.5 : If you like arrogant professors, this guy is for you. He tries to make jokes, but they're cringey or uncomfortable (and sometimes sexist). Thank god I had another neuroscience course that taught similar concepts because this guy talks to you like a colleague instead of a student. Unorganized as well. If you need to take his class, start praying now
1.5 : Just no
4.5 : Dr. Stefanatos is one of my favorite professors at Temple. He's really down to Earth and willing to explain very complex ideas to you if you don't get something. He really knows what he's talking about and he uses great videos and sound clips to explain things. You NEED to study, but it's neuro so that's a given.   I'd take him again for sure.
5.0 : He seems really intimidating at first, but he's really sweet. He is always there to help you if you need it, don't be afraid to ask questions. As long as you study well in advance for exams (it's a lot of information to take it), you'll do fine.
3.0 : Dr. Stefanatos seems like an awesome guy (outside of Research Methods.) This was his last semester teaching this &amp; it reflected in his classes. He read off the PowerPoint and was very monotone. I heard he is awesome with Basic Hearing Science though. Also only a midterm, final and poster presentation.
4.0 : Dr. S is definitely the most..."interesting" prof I've had at Temple. He's so quirky but absolutely brilliant and passionate about his work. He may seem a little intimidating, but he's actually pretty approachable. He truly wants his students to succeed. He curves exams generously. Study the lectures &amp; coloring book; the textbook isn't necessary!
4.0 : Dr. S is one of the best Neuroscience  professors i've ever had at Temple University. He uses video and some in class on hands activities that really helps you to understand the material. As with any class, you have to study and read the chapters and truly take the time to understand the material or how could you expect to do well? Great teacher!
4.0 : Dr. Stefanatos is easily one of the most influential professors I've had. He encourages students to immerse themselves in the material, and I felt like I really learned a lot from that. The lectures can seem long, but it is key to pay attention to what he says, it is all important for having a full understanding. He really knows what he's doing.
4.0 : Definitely an intimidating course, but Dr. S is really approachable and willing to spend the time to get into detail with topics students struggle with.  You can't just coast by in this class, but if you stay on top of the material and use the resources he gives, you shouldn't have a problem.
5.0 : Cares about the students and content more than any other professor I've had. Truly an inspiration to work harder and learn more.
5.0 : Dr S is hilarious and an amazing teacher and lab director. His tests are tough and he's serious about class but really cares
5.0 : Dr. S was the best so take his courses and chill with the coolest prof at Temple
2.5 : Nice guy, helpful outside of class but teaching method is very boring and unclear. Lectures usually ran over so we had to make up a class on a study. Would go off on tangents mid lecture and blow 20 minutes taking about irrelevant things. Really knowledgeable guy, just not a great professor.
4.0 : Prof Stefanatos is the Einstein of the Neuroscience. He is so knowledgeable and has a great sense of humor. Lectures are dry. Attendance is necessary because it counts toward your participation grade. Exams are difficult and makes you really study hard for it. However, he curves the grade depending on class performance.
5.0 : Excellent professor! I'm disappointed I didn't take more courses with her. Personally, I didn't want to miss or be late for her class. She genuinely wants the best for you. She will help improve your writing skills immensely. If you are willing to do quality work, you will earn an A. She is a smart, attractive, well-dressed lady--that helps too!
5.0 : Such a great teacher! Study for about an hour before a test or quiz and you'll get an A! One of the most helpful and caring profs at Temple. I'm taking her again twice next semester.
5.0 : 2696 by nature is a relatively tough class because it is writing intensive, but Metzger knows that and helps you every step along the way.  Show up to her office hours and she'll offer you an immense amount of help with your assignments.
4.5 : Amazing Professor! Very helpful. Lots of work but it's a writing intensive course so it's expected but she helps with every step and is always available threw email, before and after class and phone. If you willing to learn and don't mind some work take her she is amazing!
4.0 : Joanne is a sweet heart wants you to pass. /so she try's to help you out as much as possible. I thought she was going be a hard grader because I'm a terrible writer but she was very fair in grading. Love her I  will take her again because she truly cares about you and wants you to do good.
5.0 : Joanne is the best CJ professor ever! She really makes you interested in the major and just the topic overall. She uses real life examples and is mom so she makes things relatable. She knows life gets busy and is super flexible. A couple writing assignments you do in class, so easy and tests are common knowledge. TAKE HER IF YOU CAN! SHES GREAT!
5.0 : Prof Metzger is the best (most organized) and smart Prof at Temple.  I had her for criminal law.  She never missed class, was always there on time and most importantly she used hypotheticals to teach the law. Her teaching style is unique-I learned so much.  She knows every students name by the second week of class.  I want to go to law school now
5.0 : Best CJ professor at Temple. She gives you clear guidance on what is expected at all times. She is looking to give you a good grade!
4.0 : Joanne is literally one of the sweetest professors ever and shows that she really cares. Class material isn't hard but she makes it known that she is willing to help and will do anything so that students don't fail. I am not even a CJ major and she makes me want to pursue more crim classes.
5.0 : Metzger is one the best Professors in her departmen, as a CJ major I enjoyed her class tremendously. IF YOU CAN TAKE HER, DO SO! The class is nothing but lectures and 3 Exams to break it up, but she makes the class enjoyable by using funny scenarios to help students understand the material.
5.0 : This woman is easily one of the most accommodating and understanding professors I have ever met. She gets that life happens and is conscious of that when giving assignments. I am not a crim major and I loved taking her class!
5.0 : Intro to CJ was the easiest class I had since middle school. Metzger is very kind and generous with her expectations. Goes out of her way to help each student succeed. She's a former defense attorney, though, so watch for that bias in her lectures. Book is completely unnecessary. Overall, an easy A, but you can choose to learn a lot from her, too.
5.0 : Metzger is a very intriguing professor, especially if you are taking a intro to cJ course. She genuinely wants you to succeed and helps you anyway she can inside and outside the classroom , regarding what your major is.
5.0 : Professor Metzger is seriously the best professor I have taken. Her class Intro to Criminal Law was super easy especially if you are a criminal justice major because it's interesting and makes you more understanding to our criminal justice system. She definitely wants her students to pass, she gives study guides, and I learned a lot.
5.0 : Professor Metzger is the best. Criminal law is lecture everyday with no activities other than tests to break that up. However, she uses funny scenarios to explain concepts and is a lot of fun in class, always making jokes. She is also super sweet and more than willing to help you. There are 2 tests, a final, and a court observation, no projects.
5.0 : Metzger is a great woman who loves the subject she is teaching. It is a lecture class but she makes things interesting, especially if you are into criminal justice. She is very thoughtful and understanding of the college life and she doesn't like to overwhelm her students. She will say to buy the textbook. DONT. You never use it.
5.0 : Cool Women. Easy class. Her lectures are better than the textbook. Her notes are also amazing. If you fail the class, you have to suck hard.
5.0 : The best professor at Temple. Her classes are interesting, and filled with great discussion. There is tons of class participation bc she makes the students want to learn. She's so sweet, and is extremely fair. She has mentored me on furthering my education and bc of her I am considering a career in criminology/psych.
5.0 : Dr. Houser is the BEST professor I've had. I have taken all of her classes at Rowan and absolutely love how she keeps the class fun even if they are tough and boring subjects. You definitely need to work in some of the upper level courses but she is there to offer extra credit/extra help whenever students need it. TAKE HER IF YOU CAN!
1.0 : lots of reading articles that make no sense with regard to the exams. Worst online class i have taken. lectures were on and off throughout the semester and she blamed the system for the lack of pre recorded lectures uploaded.  Very stressful semester, do not take her class online, she has difficulty w/ the technology, and a tough exam grader.
1.0 : class was online. She always blamed BB or whatever site she would decide to use for her pre recorded lectures which she promised. then 2 weeks later we would have an exam w/o any pre recorded lectures b/c of her blaming the system. readings are long, and she doesnt grade fairly on anything. she doesnt reply to emails for weeks sometimes.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. She makes sure you understand what you're learning before moving on. Book is mandatory every day, but it can be helpful. One of the nicest professors I've had here at Temple. If you give an effort, show up to class, and participate, it's an easy A. Highly recommend her.
3.5 : She is a really nice teacher and very helpful. She will cut you some slack. but there are readings and questions for every class and the readings are 20 pgs. long. Also a partner project, presentation and paper for final. Kind of extensive for a gened so you have to put in work but overall she was okay.
5.0 : Hope is wonderful! She is very passionate about what she teaches. She assigns several articles to read each week which are not only interesting, but short and easy. The classes are conversation-based, so as long as you read the articles and contribute to class discussion, the class will be a breeze. Very fair grader - TAKE THIS CLASS!!
5.0 : A true expert in the Spanish language. At first she seemed a bit too intense but I realized this was just because she cared about her students. She always stops to explain if anyone has doubts or questions and she has a great perspective on the language, being a non-native expert in Spanish. She's really an inspiration for me.
4.5 : I am a fluent spanish speaker and this class was easy yet i learned a good amount. Good with grading, lets you retake some quizzes but random grader. everyone turned in draft of final essay without bibliography and she gave out random grades ranging from 70 - 80. I photocopied the textbook from library, dont buy the text, save yourself the 130$$$
5.0 : Easy grading. Short readings to skim each class. Homework once a week and tests are easy. Classes are interesting and laid back. Definitely take her class if you can.
5.0 : What an awesome class! Sra Hope made her class fun and my favorite this semester. I actually looked forward to going to class. She obviously knows what she's talking about and has great stories to share. The homework was interesting and kinda fun. We learned helpful translations, things actually used in real life, not cut and dry textbook stuff
1.0 : I have Doyle for Translation skills and the class and work itself are easy but she is rude and condescending towards many students. Also, she always forgets to put things on black board/to make it visible to the class when we have homework. She rarely responds to emails and forgets to correct grades once she makes a mistake. Avoid if possible.
5.0 : Professor Doyle is wonderful! Taking her Translation Skills course was the best decision I made for improving my knowledge and understanding of the Spanish language. She is helpful, outgoing, funny and engaging. Homework and exams are very short and easy. Do the homework, pay attention, take notes and you will pass with flying colors!
4.5 : By far the best professor I've ever had.  I can't recommend her enough, for any class.  She is so kind and funny, and the class environment was energetic and really open and honest because of her teaching style.  She makes it easy to participate and isn't condescending at all when correcting mistakes, which made everyone feel comfortable in class.
4.0 : Doyle is an easy prof. I had a B that was bumped up to an A because I showed up to the last five classes. Exams were online so they were easy af.
4.5 : Makes things clear and understandable.  Will stay on a topic and explain it until everyones questions are answered.  Good sense of humor
5.0 : he has a tough crowd around him and people might not like him (many of them) but he has the back of the whites. do be careful. dont be shot
5.0 : clear and easy to understand.  Funny and gives good examples.  Im a science education major and he really helped me
5.0 : clear and easy to follow.  Funny and gives good examples from real life.  Im a science education major and this course helped me a lot.
2.0 : I would not recommend. Classes are very ineffective and tedious. She is not good at explaining things and I just got more confused every time she tried. She is sweet and considerate but I did not progess at all, I think I actually got worse.  If you want to learn, please pick another professor.
5.0 : She is very nice. Just follow what she lets you do, you will get at least A-
5.0 : At least A-. Her class is easy.
5.0 : Supper easy class. At least A-
1.0 : She is really bad at explaining things and revising papers.
4.0 : I really like her class. She was a great  and helpful professor. She explained the readings very clearly that you cannot not understand it. I don't find any problem with her except for the fact that she has heavy accent. If you have problem with this , don't choose her. Anyway CHOOSE her if you want to study English with no pressure!
4.0 : well she has a thick accent but very lenient and respectful
5.0 : I would recommend Dr. Rhee to anybody that is going to take English 711. She is very helpful on improving your writing skills. She will point out your weaknesses, and tell you how you can improve her paper. Her lectures are easy to understand and help you how to approach each paper.
5.0 : Loved the way this class was taught there was a quiz every Friday that was more difficult than the exams but when you got to the exam it felt so easy. She was very clear not a hard subject only needed the book for reviews (could share with someone). Gets more difficult at end and no calculator which isn't fun. Overall kind lady willing to help.
5.0 : Weekly quizzes which help boost grade. Highly recommend
5.0 : She's an extremely amazing teacher and really wants her students to do well. She explains everything clearly and makes sure that everyone understands before moving on. Do the homework, it will seriously help. I am terrible at Math and I hate it, but I understood everything she teaches and passed every quiz and exam.
5.0 : An absolutely adorable and sweet woman who just wants to ensure her students do well.  Highly recommend her.
5.0 : She's really sweet women. She cares about students and does her best to let you understand the material. I really liked her class and she's really helpful with grades. I would recommend her for sure.
5.0 : A wonderful person. she does have a bit of an accent, but not so much that it hinders learning. I struggle alot with math so this was my 2nd time taking it. but she made my experience  so much better than my 1st professor. If I had applied myself enough I could have left with an "A" but I slacked too much. Totally not her fault. I passed though!
3.0 : Weekly Quizzes. Gives points for showing each step of the problem. Sometimes her accent can be thick and hard to understand but that doesn't happen often. A section or two is usually completed per class and homework problems are assigned per section. The homework is not graded but doing it can only help.
5.0 : BEST MATHEMATICS INSTURCTOR AT TEMPLE !!!! she gave us a quiz every week and they super easy. her lectures are amazing and she really knows what she's doing. 3 tests and 1 final. everything in this class got an extra credit so you can easily get an A. absolutely GPA booster !! TAKE HER !!!!!!
5.0 : Great professor. I really struggle with math, but she is very clear and helpful. Attend class! Although it isn't required, do the homework for extra practice. She's a very sweet lady that wants her students to do well.
5.0 : Honestly can say that at the end of the semester I truly miss sitting through lecture about democracy and revolutions. Class is not a cake walk but is absolutely amazing. Dr. Soifer is an brilliant man and is highly educated. Tests are essentially your whole grade and are all written. Hard but fair. Will be remembered as my favorite class.
5.0 : Great class. We talk about really difficult subject, but he'll make you think. There's a ton of reading, so be sure not to skip that, because you will learn so much. The tests are really hard, so you have to study a lot. He makes the subjects interesting and adds depth to everything the class talks about.
5.0 : Best online class ever.
5.0 : I don't expect much from online courses. This was different. For every minute not in the classroom we made up for it reaching out to government and community leaders. Required to. I legit found myself on the phone with a Senator. Prof. kept us busy and the point is well taken: if we can't talk to future employers, we won't have future employment.
5.0 : More difficult than expected for an online course. Our e-professor had us running around for interviews. But there is an endgame obviously: I spoke with a county commissioner, a Philadelphia councilman, and two different community organizations and know more power people than four months ago. Otherwise read and post, read and post. Received an A.
5.0 : Class was advertised as a practitioners perspective into developing country economic development and it didn't disappoint. It's all real world examples and case studies and the professor's experiences make it all the more believable and practical. The book is there to lean on, but buy the 5th or 6th edition to save money.
5.0 : Online class with weekly discussion posts and the every now and again assignment. Heavy on current events, light on textbook.  It was a good course. A.
4.5 : Classes interactive
5.0 : Good class
5.0 : Mark Schmitz is an excellent professor who clearly loves to instruct his students. I took the two-part social research and evaluation class with him. His class is not an easy A, but it is one that you can learn a lot from if you put in the effort. He is very knowledgeable about professional writing as well as all research techniques.
5.0 : With her clear teaching style I was able to learn the concepts for this course.  And with all math courses doing the homework helps.
2.0 : Temple's precalc classes are not good, so part of this review is about the professor but also influenced by the class itself. Peiwen tan is a nice woman, but she is difficult to understand when you're stressed outconfused. There was no textbook for the class, so she just counted on us to print handouts and then she read them aloud. No teaching.
5.0 : Dr. Tan is a great math professor.  I enjoyed her lectures and learned a lot from her.  She always gave time specifically to ask questions at the beginning of class, before quizzes, and after the lecture.  She went through math problems from start to finish whenever anyone did not understand or had a question.
5.0 : Dr. Tan has a wonderful way of teaching, and we loved it.  She is very energetic about her teaching and is always happy when her students do well.  She cares about her students' success no matter who you are as long as you work hard and be the best you can be.
5.0 : Wonderful professor!  No complaints at all.  Dr. Tan is probably the most passionate professor I have ever met.  Truly amazing.  Explains so well and clearly and is concise and very patient when explaining concepts.  Continually encourages you to ask questions in class.  She makes the material super easy.  LOVE her!
1.0 : Dr. Tan is very nice but her accent only confused me. She made class ten times harder than it should have been.
1.0 : very hard to understand. In addition does not answer any questions clearly and gets annoyed by questions. I basically have to teach myself and she goes really fast. she  copies a few things on the board from the textbook and says a few ineligible things.You'll have to take the course twice if you don't dedicate a lot of extra time to teach yourself
1.0 : Terrible. She clearly writes her own reviews on this website because all of the good reviews are in broken English. Can't understand anything she says and she also can be very rude at times. She swears she knows everything and that everything is "simple" when in reality she makes math 1000x more complicated than it should be. Avoid her at all coats
5.0 : Had Prof. Tan for pre-calculus, and she was an outstanding teacher.  I have never seen a professor use so much free time to help students one-on-one.  Great math teacher who explains what the concepts are really all about, so you have a much better understanding than if you just memorized formulas.
5.0 : I took pre-calc with Dr. Tan, and I can say that she is one of the best professors I've had so far!  The way she teaches is great--she gives us time to learn, explains concepts well, and makes our time in class worthwhile.
5.0 : Dr. Tan is a good professor.  She helps us gain a fundamental understanding of the concepts behind the material and how and when the concepts can be applied.  I had disliked math since high school but following Dr. Tan's lectures, I have started to enjoy math.  At the end of this semester I will thank her with all my heart.
3.0 : Peiwan Tan was an okay professor. She doesn't explain things clearly but if you go to office hours she will help you a lot
4.5 : Dr. Tan is an extremely intelligent professor. She legitimately cares about students and their understanding of the subject. She jokes around with people and tries to make light of a difficult subject. You'd be so lucky to have someone care about your future like she does.
2.0 : Avoid. She is so sweet but is horrible at explaining things. Flew through the whole trig portion of the course. Did great in the beginning of the semester and ended up failing the course in a whole. Her quizzes are super long. If you're looking for someone who can teach, pick someone else. If you want to teach yourself, go ahead.
5.0 : Dr. Tan is a great professor.  I enjoyed this class and her teaching methods very much.
5.0 : Dr. Tan makes the material clear even for a student like me who hated math in the past.  She will give extra help to help us pass.
5.0 : Dr. Tan is one of the best professors at Temple.  She is very helpful and breaks down the subject matter during her lecture so you can understand it even if you are terrible at math.  She will work with you and not only help you pass the class but understand the subject.  Take her class and you wont regret it.
5.0 : Great teacher, she always did her best to explain the concepts behind all tops Approachable and very helpful, take her class!!
1.0 : Beware! This is the worst professor. She is really hard to understand and does not make anything clear. Very confusing and does not tell you your grades. Horrible. Always laughed at the class. She does not explain anything, just does problems on the board and that's it.
5.0 : She's one of the best teachers I've ever had.  I'm not good in math, but the way she taught in class and explained everything so clearly helped me do well.  She has a strong interest in the material.  You will really help yourself by taking a course with Dr. Tan!
5.0 : Dr. Tan is an excellent teacher in that she cares for her students and makes the subject clear.  Attend all the classes and do the homework and you will do well on the tests and weekly quizzes.
5.0 : Thank you, professor Tan I was so happy be your student.
5.0 : I want to thank Dr. Tan for this class.  She is one of the best professors I have had at Temple, and it was a fun and great class.  I learned a lot, and I have improved in math.
5.0 : She is an absolutely great prof! She does so many examples in class to try and help you understand the material. I actually looked forward to going to lecture :) Tests are difficult, but if u do mastering her lectures notes and a lot of HW...they're fine.
1.0 : The WORST professor I have ever had throughout my college experience.  Extremely difficult to understand and gets angry when students ask questions/for help. I was so frustrated taking her class, DO NOT TAKE HER.
5.0 : Dr. Tan is an excellent teacher, and she really cares about her students.  She is tough but fair.  I learned a lot in her class.
5.0 : Dr. Tan is a very good professor, and I love math because of her. She really explained the concepts well; when we faced difficult questions she taught us how to think and how to solve them. I learned so much from her class. I am so lucky to have had her.
1.0 : LOOK THIS ONE!!!! Dr. Tan is a nice lady, but she is bad at explaining things. If you've never taken pre calc before, you may find it hard to understand the class. She grades her quizzes harshly and will take off many points for the most trivial things. Bill Cosby!!!!!
3.0 : She is a nice lady and means well. Her biggest issue is the language barrier and she writes sloppy on the chalk board. She gets annoyed when students don't understand the concepts. She's good at going over the homework problems but very bad at presenting notes in a systematic way. Plus side: quiz questions are exactly like problems on the hw
5.0 : I have not done well in my previous math classes, but Dr. Tan has turned that around for me.  She makes the subject clear.  And I learned from her that understanding the math concepts and doing homework is the best way to learn the subject and to do well in math quizzes and tests.  Thank you Dr. Tan for making me hit the top of the class.
1.0 : She has the Knowledge, but she doesn't know how to teach. You will need to spend a lot of time on your own to understand. She doesn't have the teaching material.
5.0 : Dr. Tan is excellent professor.  I enjoyed her lectures; I had a lot of fun and learned theory and problem solving skills.  I was worried about how to get an A to go to medical school but I soon knew that I would achieve it as a student of Dr. Tan.  I would like to express my deepest seasons greetings to her.
1.0 : Easily one of the worst professors I have ever had. Very difficult to understand and doesn't clearly explain concepts. Gets annoyed/ laughs in face when questions are asked.
2.0 : Make sure to go to class and do the online homework. She doesn't explain things at all and when you ask questions can't understand what you're saying and doesn't answer what you even asked. If you're good at math you'll be fine but if not do not take her she cannot teach.
5.0 : Professor Tan was a great Math Professor, she explained every concept very clear and told us how to solve the difficult questions.  I am not good at math but she continue to encourage me and finally I passed this class. I am real happy.  Thank you: Dr. Tan  for your help this semester.
5.0 : At the end of semester, I 'd like to thank Dr. Peiwen Tan for being a great professor and helping me to achieve such academic success!
5.0 : Great professor I never had before. a full energy with passion.  Goes above and beyond to help. Clear and approachable with each concept. Math has always been a hard subject for me so its not easy. But having DR. Tan  as a teacher definitely helped!  I learned a lot from her.I highly recommend.
5.0 : Took her for precalc and she is one of the best math teachers I've ever had! I did not like Math and very bad at it before. But her lectures  openned my eyes and felt the difference of MATH; I asked myself --How could I waste so much time and did not take her class last semester? I learned so much from her and started to like MATH.
5.0 : Dr. Peiwen Tan teaches her subject clearly and passionately. She makes the subject clear to all her students. She really made my time at Temple great.
5.0 : Dr. Tan explained the concepts going step-by-step. I was very bad at math, but Dr. Tan spent the time and work to help me not only pass the class but understand the subject. Take her class and you won't regret it.
5.0 : Dr. Tan made the subject clear to me even though I havent done well in math before taking her class.
5.0 : Amanda is really good at making a challenging subject matter understandable. She breaks overwhelming topics down into manageable bites. Class exercises are very helpful in preparing for graded assignments. She is always available to offer assistance in person, via email, or by phone. Definitely recommend her for research.
5.0 : He's pretty chill. Kind of lenient with deadlines. Definitely take him for stats.
5.0 : As mentioned, Kaylor will give you pretty decent grades for doing minimal work on the assignments, is super helpful and understands that no one cares about stats.
3.0 : Took him for Spatial Stats. Missed class a lot, just didn't really seem to care about the class in general. Not saying he's a bad guy, but made a boring (but required/kind of important) class even more so. Contextualizes stats well for non-stat people, decent amount of work but he's willing to help you out if you drop him a line. Very "meh."
5.0 : Professor Kaylor is great, he teaches well, is kind and understanding. He encourages you to do the best that you can.
5.0 : I took Prof Kaylor for Spatial Stats. He's a good teacher and is pretty lenient with deadlines. His class consists of 8 assignments and 7 quizzes. The assignments aren't too bad if you pay attention in class, but the quizzes are pretty hard. Luckily theyre online and he curves them. show up to class and read the book and you'll do well.
4.5 : Amazing professor and such a sweet woman! The first early morning class I loved going to
4.5 : Ms. Gee was an absolute doll. She made class fun and our discussions were always intriguing! I HIGHLY recommend taking her!
3.5 : She is like that adorable grandmother who tells you all of her stories about her life and you just can't help but be interested. She's one of the nicest professors at Temple and is incredibly passionate about it. Not too much work but you need to talk in class, shouldn't be too hard.
4.0 : She's an easy grader. Def take her if you want an easy A. Just show up in class and do all of her works.
4.5 : This class was sooo great and super easy! It does help that I had read all the books in high school, though. Gee is really quirky and cheesy, but totally in the best way. She's one of my favorite teachers that I've had at Temple so far.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Organized. Immediate feedback. Gives good and useful feedback. Assignments are useful for further understanding/gain.
4.0 : She's actually really sweet and I totally respect her. She kinda does talk a lot but it's mosiacs... can't really do much about that. I would totally recommend her, she's so so nice and will definitely help you if needed.
5.0 : Tal Correm is REALLY nice and helpful. The essays are super easy and she is an easy grader. Didn't really read the books but if you participate and show up every class and do well on essays, you will do well. Group assignments once in a while. TAKE HER! Makes you actually enjoy mosaics. Such a nice lady!
5.0 : She's so nice and understanding and never patronizes her students. She's very easy to talk to and going to her open hours helps. She gives extra credit opportunities and good feedback. Participating is actually fun and she is very fair with grading.
4.5 : Very nice and easy teacher. She will help you in all the assignments and I like her grading system too. She grades on if you did followed the steps or not. Best teacher ever and would definitely take her again.
4.5 : She is VERY nice and would be there for you whenever help is needed. The class is kinda boring, but its almost impossible to fail her class. She can also be lenient with deadlines. You should definitely take her!
5.0 : She was amazing! You had to participate because it is important, but that goes for all Mosaic courses. She grades VERY fairly. I got an A on each of my 3 essays and the essays don't have be long either! The discussion boards are very insightful but also easy! So, if you want to learn and easily pass Mosaics, take her! I'd take her again, if I could
5.0 : her class is only in spanish but its actually good.  She is so funny!
5.0 : Her class is heavily participation based, and most of her teaching is done in Spanish. However, she is very understanding and obviously loves her job. Instead of droning on and going over the same stuff, she makes interaction with her class fun. Also be ready to hear SOOPER FACEEL a lot.
5.0 : she's great! just take her.
1.5 : she grades way too hard. missing units or forgetting to staple paper means a good 10-15 points off. the first project is impossible to complete. her quizzes and tests are extremely hard. she gives formulas which is good, but you make a simple arithmetic mistake in the beginning of a 5 part problem and the whole thing is wrong. no help at all
5.0 : Took her last semester. She is a nice lady and will help you out.
5.0 : Sara is super nice, but this course has more work than it should for a Gen-ed. I wouldn't recommend this if you're looking for an easy A, but if you're an incoming freshman with a Gen-ed schedule, make this one of them, super interesting stuff and communicative professor. She is direct and fair. A RARE THING! Just try to avoid the 8 am!(attendance)
3.5 : I took Calculus in High School, but I still had trouble understanding some of the concepts he tought. He had trouble being clear about things, and my prior knowledge really helped me. However, this man is the nicest, most helpful guy ever. The kind of person he is, and how much he cares, makes up for his lack of clarity. It all balances out.
4.5 : Great teacher!  He's really into statistics.  I learned a lot.  You should make it to class--can be very interactive and he likes questions.
5.0 : I really enjoyed his class.  Took him for statistics.  You should always go to class because you may get lost if you don't.  The tests can be tough but not if you study.  Fair grader and great lectures.  The online text is helpful.
5.0 : great course.  It's relatively easy if you pay attention and do the quizzes yourself.  He  lets everyone work together on the quizzes but it's better if you do them alone, i think.  He's got a good sense of humor also.  I looked forward to the class.  Would take him again, for sure.
5.0 : Great guy. Explains stuff well.  Class is very interactive.
5.0 : I liked his course.  I felt comfortable in class and he knows a lot about statistics.
4.0 : In class quizzes that you can do with partners aren't bad at all, he give you half the answers. Very friendly when asking for help even during tests. The night class is lecture heavy, but he lets out early every time. Every class if you answer a harder question he will give you a 1% boost on next test, sometimes i got up to 4% bonus!
5.0 : Hopson really helped me in this class.  I have a real fear of math but I understood this stuff.  The course is a little test heavy.
4.5 : Excellent!  You have to go to class or you'll prob fall behind.
3.0 : Hopson was probably the most puzzling professor i've ever had. Sometimes it looked like he didn't really know what he was doing honestly. Lectures make no sense most of the time. Good news is tests are heavily curved so if you get a C you basically get an A. While that seems cool, good luck getting a C though, you'll struggle getting a D.
2.5 : One of the nicest professors at Temple. He LOVES statistics. He barely assigns homework and he teaches at a VERY fast pace.  He curves all test, if not, the entire class would have failed.  Again, GREAT GUY, he's just not very clear and doesn't assign much homework. Most of the class turned to YouTube to study for each exam.  I wouldn't take again.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I have ever had. On the syllabus he doesn't say when hws and projects are so they get randomly assigned. In class he never says what chapter were on so the $200 textbook is useless. And he expects you to show work on the exams when he doesn't even teach the material. He also gives quizzes at the end of every class.
5.0 : I love Professor Yoo. He is so goofy in class and approachable. Pro Tip: GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS. Half the students that take Precalc fail and no one ever went to his office hours. He is helpful and will even give you little nudges on what will be on the quizzes.
5.0 : I LOVE PROFESSOR YUN YOO. He is the best math teacher I ever had in my lifetime. I took his precalculus class and it was so much fun and he made precalculus easy! Yun Yoo is the type of professor that makes the math class fun because he always has a positive and fun attitude. He is very easy to understand and clear when teaching. Well organized.
4.0 : This man is hilarious.  His mannerisms are just phenomenal. In the beginning, I didn't appreciate his style, but it grew on me very quickly. You mostly learn from doing the online hw, very independent style.  He was more there for backup and explanation rather than teaching all. Good at explaining steps. Textbook is on blackboard. Just so funny!
3.0 : Although he was hard to understand, he wrote whatever he was saying on the board.  He made learning pre-calc easy, and i enjoyed having him as a teacher.  He explained problems step by step.  I suggest you do the homework (not optional), but the weekly quizzes are exact problems from the homework. I suggest you take him!
5.0 : By far the best math professor at Temple. Even if you don't like math, but you listen to him, you will pass the class.
4.5 : Dr. Yoo is by far the best teacher I have ever taken. He gets right to the point of what he's teaching, so you get the essential parts of the subject. On top of that, he's hilarious. You'll find yourself falling in love with his mannerisms. He's very helpful, and overall, the best teacher (in terms of actual teaching) on campus. Take him.
2.0 : He did not teach well and went through units very fast but somehow taught extremely slow. He is unprofessional and rude almost every class. It is likely if you miss one class it will take a lot to catch up on.
5.0 : Dr. Yoo is my absolute favorite math professor at Temple. He truly has a passion for the subject and isnt satisfied until everyone in the class understands the material. He is hilarious and truly cares to make sure no one has confusion. The exams are common exams and Dr Yoo works to give problems that are closely related to the exam questions.
5.0 : Very strict but is doing it for the better. She knows a lot about Graphic Design and definitely helps you grow. Grown to really enjoy her and the class.
5.0 : Dr. Logue is amazing! While attendance is mandatory , she's incredibly fair and is very specific about what will be on the exams. I found her to be very funny and she gives a lot of extra credit. She also drops your lowest exam score, so you don't have to take the final if you choose not to!  I'd take another class with her if I could!
5.0 : The tests turned out harder than I expected, but they got better over time. There's a lot of room for improving your grade outside of tests, which I truly appreciated. I ended up getting a B because of all the extra credit available. I give her an A+
4.5 : The lectures can be dry sometimes but it wasn't a bad class. She's a fair grader. She assigns 5 tests and drops the lowest score and you have to write 5 article summaries/critiques and attend a discussion group session which weren't bad. She even tells which slides to study for. It's not an easy subject to learn so you have to put effort in.
3.5 : Dr. Logue talks extremely quickly while you have to fill out the missing blanks in her powerpoint slides. The material is dense and her exams are ridiculously difficult, but she does curve them and offers extra credit. Basically, she wants her students to do well. Don't bother getting the text book (she even says this on the first day of class).
4.5 : I'm taking 2 classes with her this semester &amp; would take her again. Regret buying the book. Lectures are mandatory but I think she's funny. Try &amp; bring your laptop if you can because she talks fast. My only complaint is that there are no review sessions before exams &amp; we have 2 TAs you'd think she'd have one of them do it.. But take her if you can!
4.0 : She will give you what will be on the exams, but still the material itself is tough, so you have to make sure to read the textbook and be prepare for exam...  it wasn't easy for me to study... lots to memorize
5.0 : Dr. Logue was extremely helpful while writing the research paper. She gives a lot of feedback and is very flexible with deadlines. You can always submit your work early so that she can edit your draft before you hand in the final copy. She's really nice also.
5.0 : She's a friendly professor, and I would definitely recommend her! Psych 2501 had 5 exams with an optional final, and all were fairly challenging. If you focus, you'll pass with an A. There are also 5 article critiques/responses you'll write, but they're easy. By the way, she won't use the textbook at all so don't bother buying one.
4.0 : Make sure you go to class, her slides are basically fill in the blank. But if you go and study the slides you should be fine. Also easy grader with the 5 article critiques, they are easy points.
3.5 : Really have to study for her tests. Also can not miss a class because everything from her lectures could be on the test. Unless you are good at neuroscience it is not easy. The only good thing was the extra credit.
5.0 : Behavioral Neuroscience is a difficult class, but Dr. Logue teaches it well. She's one of the most brilliant professors I've ever had, and though her tests are difficult (because of the subject matter), she really wants people to succeed. I learned more in her class than in any class I've ever taken.
4.0 : Prof. Logue's lecture is very clear to understand. She is very specific with what she will ask in the exam. DON'T skip lectures because exam questions will be based upon powerpoint slides and attendance is MANDATORY because you'll miss points for each lecture you miss. The course material is not hard if you take time to work through it meticulously
5.0 : Great teacher.  He's nice, funny, organized, approachable, and compassionate.  He seems to love his subject matter and this makes the lectures more fun.  He encourages a lot of good dialogue about the material.  You need to do your reading and cone to class, but the tests are not difficult.  Short answer- write what you know.  Not too many tests.
5.0 : He really cares about his students and the class. Because it was a survey class he didn't waste our time with memorizing dates instead he focused on concepts and the bigger picture. If you show up to the review the test will be super easy. He wants to know what the students think and he cares about our opinion. Loved him and his class!
5.0 : Wonderful instructor, He was very passionate about art and it shows in his teaching, this is great to see in a teacher. He is very witty and tries to be funny, sometimes falls flat but I personally love it. Inspirational and a pleasure to go to class. the tests are open ended but if you pay attention to lecture and/or read you'll do fantastic.
5.0 : Fabulous professor. Art history was a subject I cared little for, and he made it interesting. Exams were a breeze, relying more on the concept of works versus memorization of dates. Always attend class if possible, and he will try to make you laugh. Would take again if he were to teach upper level classes.
5.0 : if you're an art history major, it's probably a good idea to take EVERY CLASS THIS MAN TEACHES. that's what i'm gonna do.
5.0 : He loves what he does. Nice guy. I like him. Would take again. He is a little peculiar but a extremely nice guy.
5.0 : Mr. Cavallo is by far the best professor that I've had during my time at Temple. He's extremely engaging, witty, and passionate about the material he is teaching. You can't ask for anything better than that.
3.5 : He is very unorganized, and never follows his syllabus. If you are a very organized person your personality might clash with him. I thought the Greek portion of this class was very interesting to learn about, but everything else was never in the course description. Overall this is an Easy A if you read, but I wouldn't take a class with him again.
4.0 : Cavallo is so interested in his field and truly has a love for his field. However, tests are all open-ended and its kinda hard to remember everything. I barely read the texts and I got a B..
5.0 : Very fair. Very understanding to students. Charismatic, sarcastic, and easy going.
5.0 : Extremely good planning for a one week course. Brings in exceptional speakers and does an excellent job of keeping the material fun and interesting.
5.0 : Aids &amp; society as the week long winter class is a must. It sounds like a lot of time which it is-But it's not boring lectures. Speakers that you want to listen to and work in the field come in and engage.
5.0 : Week long class was worth it! You have a total of 3, 1 page journals. An easy group project &amp; an easy 1 page paper based on the project. The exam was okay, a little tough considering I knew nothing about HIV/AIDS prior to this class. But it was bearable, ended up with an A in the class. Attendance is mandatory &amp; most speakers were interesting.
4.0 : Professor Stonberg is awesome and she makes the one week course bearable by telling you from the first day what she wants. She really wants everyone to do well, but she will not give you a free grade. You have to write 3 journals, 1 group project, and a final. Do the readings, listen to the awesome speakers, and it is an Easy A if you do the work,
4.5 : Prof Stonburg is very chill. Class is only a week with a lot of films and guest speakers. Group Project thats easy, attendance, small paper 5-6 (journal) and a fairly simple final. Pretty straight up and easy A if you do the work. She knows HIV and AIDS like no other... Been doing work in this field for 20 years. Take this GPA booster and learn too
4.0 : It gets kind of boring when Mehta lectures, but the class is really easy and he makes it so you have lots of opportunities to get good grades. Everything is online except for the final. It may seem like a lot of work, but most of it is pretty easy and it really helps you prepare for exams.
5.0 : Best accounting professor at Temple. This was the class I was dreading, and he made the material really interesting. I switched to an acct major cause of his class lol.
5.0 : Great Professor! I was terrified of this class but the class structure is so helpful. There is homework and a quiz every week but it is gearing you up for the heavily weighted final. Mehta is so helpful and I would recommend him to anyone.
3.0 : Mihir is a cool guy, but really expects a lot from his students.  His lectures are not really representative to whats on exams and he expects you to have a ton of prior knowledge on the topic before entering the class. Also he is very bad about meeting outside of class time and is unorganized with grading and communicating with students.
5.0 : Byzalov was by far the best accounting professor I have had so far. I went from a C in financial accounting to a B+ in cost. He explains everything in multiple ways and is easy to understand. He emails back quick and is helpful outside class. Take him and you won't regret it!
3.5 : Professor Byzalov knows what he is talking about. Tests are hard but he provides a practice test AND lets you bring a cheat sheet. You have to do the homework, easy points you'll definitely need to help keep grade up. Instead of attendance he gives pop quizzes and you get 80% just for being there, good grade boost. Really nice guy, willing to help
4.5 : Professor was very helpful if you did not understand the lectures or homework. Expect a lot of powerpoints but you can print them out and write notes as he lectures. Great teacher overall. Best accounting professor I've taken at Temple.
1.0 : Byzalov is very nice but he is VERY hard to understand and pay attention to. Night class with him is the WORST, goes until the very end of class &amp; never let us out early. Gives pop quizzes, easy but usually at the end of class mostly for participation. He makes the material a lot worse than it actually is. Don't need the book and homework is online
5.0 : His exams are easy and he goes through all the questions during the class. Make sure you do the review before the exam. Quiz and HW are easy and will help your grade. Just come to class and it will be an easy A class.
4.0 : Dr. Gooch is an excellent professor.  Teaches and tests right from lecture slides.  Don't bother buying the book just use the one on reserve or the internet if you need clarification on concepts.
3.0 : This is a lecture hall so Professor Gooch is the one talking most of the time. She takes questions and has good sense of humor. If you need help understanding the slides from her lecture go to her office hours. The 4 exams you take in this class determine your grade. This course requires lots of in-depth studying! This was my first neuro class.
5.0 : Best professor at temple, truly wants to help you succeed. Exams are tough but are based straight off the study guides aka don't buy the book. Gooch isn't easy but she is fair with exams as long as you put the effort in, she doesn't want to see you fail. if you have the option to take her, 150% recommend her
4.5 : All her exams are PPT based. Her TA gave the best review sessions make sure to attend those. She gives a study guide that basically tells you whats on the exam. About 6% worth of extra credit! oh and dont by the textbook I did not open it whatsoever.
3.5 : Study the powerpoints and review ahead of time and you will do fine. Make sure to do the extra credit because it can add up to 6% onto your grade. The tests are worded difficultly so read them carefully. There is no need to buy the textbook, you won't need it.
5.0 : Dr. Gooch is a fantastic professor! She's super approachable, and she has a lot of experience across a breadth of fields in science. She's  skilled in engaging her classes in thoughtful discussions, which I haven't experienced in any other science course. Classes with her have left me with a deeper understanding of how science works systematically.
4.5 : Absolutely amazing if you are interested in this field. Very clear on the material everything you need is on the powerpoint. She does a class review the class before the exam and she is willing to help in any way. She also gives a lot of extra credit opportunity to help boost your grade even more.
4.0 : The only thing that makes this class bearable is the extra credit. The class is entirely based off of the slides. She reads off the slides, and is only useful for when she posts pictures and explains what the pictures mean (which you could look up in your textbook). Hard to get motivation to go to the class, but the extra credit is insane (30 pts)
3.0 : Dr. Gooch clearly puts all necessary information for exams in her lectures, I actually never used the book and did well on them. There are 3 exams (all multiple choice) and a cumulative final exam. As long as you study with the study guides that she gives you, you should do well in the class. There is also a lot of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers at Temple University. She is incredibly down to earth and the clarity with which she presents her lectures, crystal clear. You wont be sorry!
4.0 : Got a C on one of the tests but it didn't end up mattering since the ridiculous extra credit supplemented all my scores enough that I ended up having 100 in the class. Attended regrettably few lectures, but read the book, looked over powerpoints, and completed study guides and did fine. Enthusiastic prof, but material is dry and put me to sleep.
5.0 : As a kinesiology major, I didn't need this course for my degree so I took it on a whim (only 3 credits and description of the course interested me). I am so glad I did and especially with Dr. Gooch. Not only is she an amazing professor, but she also knows her stuff! This course and especially Dr. Gooch insipired me to pick up a neuro minor.
1.0 : She goes way too fast during lectures, she stumbles over her words because she speaks so fast her words fall over each other. She doesn't give out any homework so your grade is mostly reliant on tests, which I don't like personally. I probably would not take her class again because she isn't specific about what's on the test.
5.0 : Dr. Gooch definitely knows what she's talking about and even though her lectures aren't mandatory to attend I would still recommend going because you will understand concepts better when she explains them. Tests are difficult, only 3 of them and the final, so study hard. Offers lots of extra credit throughout the semester though so that's helpful
4.0 : I had her for one class and wish I could have had her for more. She's sweet, knowledgeable, and does her best to come at the material in a lot of different ways so everyone has a chance to get it. Neuro is hard and is a lot of tiny details- study. But she'll help you!
5.0 : Dr. Gooch is a very lovely person and a strong professor. You'll definitely grow a base of knowledge for Neuroscience in her course; considering you study and look over the notes (the textbook is very helpful) you'll do very well in this class. A large amount of extra credit is offered, take advantage of every opportunity.
5.0 : The material is a lot for this class so it requires serious study time but theres no real work other than exams. She gives so much extra credit which is helpful and all the lectures notes are online with study guides. Attendance isn't mandatory but it helps to go because Dr. Gooch explains material really well. And don't bother buying the textbook.
3.0 : Extra credit is banging. Great professor. Might be someone better out there though.
4.0 : Make sure you attend lecture!! And take great notes too. Reading the textbook helped me so much, because the level she teaches the class was too shallow for me to fully comprehend the material. You only get four exams that are graded, but she gives lots of extra credit so take those opportunities when you can.
5.0 : Dr. Gooch's lectures are very clear and she does a good job explaining things in depth where necessary.  I really recommended going to lectures though. You could read the book but you won't understand it well unless you go to her lectures. Also the wording of her exams makes the material more difficult but do the study guide and the extra credit!
5.0 : Duncan is a very good professor. His teaching methods are very clear and understandable. You will definitely understand the material and should have no problem passing the class at all. He is willing to help all of his students and is a very fair grader.
5.0 : He's a great teacher and very helpful. I would absolutely take him again . He makes math easier to understand.
4.5 : Dayton is a great teacher! I would definitly recommend him.  I wish I could take him to all my upcoming math courses.  Dayton is very patient, helpful, knowledgeable and motivating.  Great teaching ethic.
3.0 : Real nice guy and knows what he is talking about. He can get a little boring at times but I didn't think it was that hard. I got like a 70 on two of the 3 cases but still finished with an A cause I got above 90 on all his tests. He also loves talking about education reform and Atlantic City so have fun with that.
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR! If you are looking into getting into corporate finance, you must take him. He will challenge your critical thinking, asking questions outsides of just Q+As. Lots of homework and mini cases, 3 big group case, 2 midterms and a final.  Not the easiest class, but the stuff I learned from this course was definitely all the work.
4.5 : Buckle up and get ready to work a lot! Lots of homework, assignments, tests, case studies, but in the end, that's the knowledge and experience you ll use in your real life.
5.0 : One of the best finance professors at Temple. I wish I could take the rest of my finance classes with him.
5.0 : Casper is by far one of my favorite profs at Temple. Take advantage of his willingness to help! He will gladly meet with you and emails back almost immediately. Exams are fair, no surprises. Mini-cases and cases require thinking but are helpful practice for the Fin Capstone.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!! If you don't take him you're missing out, seriously. I'm not a class learner but I've learned a lot during lecture and barely had to go over anything for the exams. He's explains very clearly and overall is simply AWESOME. Take him.
1.5 : Classes are boring so make sure sipping your coffee! I got a good grade by studying myself.
5.0 : Professor Casper is the best Finance teacher I have taken at Temple University. If you have the opportunity to take a class with him you 100% should. The concepts he teachers help with other finance classes and are very applicable. Teaches so you actually understand. There is a good amount of work for this course but overall a great class.
4.0 : This class is very demanding and challenging. If you can devote 16 hours a week to studying and going over the material, you will do well. However, Casper is really nice and helpful. The course itself needs to be changed or curved.
4.5 : I'm going to start by letting you know that he is the BEST. If you really try and reach out to him with questions, you can do really well. Professor Casper really wants you to learn and is willing to take the time to help if you are making an effort. Any other professor is a mistake on your part. TRUST ME!!
5.0 : Excellent teacher.  Always stayed on task.  Very clear in explanations.  Encouraging and helped you learn all that was necessary in a very condensed weekend class.  Extremely fair with time, especially for part time MBA class.  Would absolutely take again.
5.0 : The most amazing professor, ever. If you can get a seat in his class, do not think twice!
5.0 : Casper was a great professor. Super helpful and clear in his lessons. Tests weren't bad at all, he doesn't ask anything you wouldn't expect.
5.0 : EXCELLENT teacher - My favorite in the finance department. His lectures are clear and he takes the time to make sure his students understand. He cares about his students' learning. My only critique is that the homework is WAY more difficult than what's taught in class, but that's more of a criticism of the course itself. Would recommend!!
5.0 : Excellent professor. As far as learning the material goes, he is very clear and makes the lectures easy to get through. Definitely willing to help students out and is very accessible. He really cares about you knowing how and why things happen. Would recommend to anyone. Tests are tough, but he tells you what to study.
5.0 : Highly recommend taking Prof. Naylor for any class you can. She does not lecture you but instead teaches you how to become a journalist. Doesn't hurt that she is in the field too. Class is never a bother to go to. You will get a lot out of her class. One of the best Temple has in its journalism department.
4.0 : I loved her class! Highly recommend :) She is a tough grader, but if you stay on track with the deadlines and do the assignments it will give you an opportunity to grow.
5.0 : Everything already said below holds true. Awesome and informative class about the nature of the education system and how to fix some of the issues. He is laid back, funny, and his class is enjoyable. All work for this class also is very flexible to show your creative side in presentations and papers.
5.0 : Excellent Professor. I'm so glad he's been so well rated! Temple, give this man a raise and Mr. Siler please teach more Education classes!!
5.0 : Take her for Mosaic!! She's an awesome teaching who makes the discussions enjoyable. Blog assignments are short and easy. We had to do a video for our final group project, which beats papers any day.
5.0 : He is a wonderful professor that cares a lot about his students. If you have the opportunity to take him I highly recommend you do. As long as you do the work and study you should be fine. If you already have a good grip of the language that'll make the class even easier for you.
5.0 : Professor Montiel, (Saint Jose Luis) is what is calls himself. He a sweet old man, very helpful, and genuinely have a passion for teacher and helping humanity. He has been a great inspiration for me. Leading me to open new doors for my career. I wish I would have had him for a basic spanish I would have learned a whole lot more.
5.0 : Konn is a great professor.  You will definitely have a good experience in his class. As long as you participate you should have no problem getting a good grade. Konn facilitates good conversations and from my experience has been one of the best professors during my Fox career. He even brought us awesome St. Patrick's Day cupcakes!
4.0 : Classes were the long evening ones so that didn't help, but Jason made them as fun and interesting as possible.  The class is easy if you show up and participate in the discussions during class.  There are two group projects with presentations which were really easy.
4.5 : Konn is  an easy professors, read an article a week and write an opinion on it, 2 group projects which are really easy. Easiest class I've taken at temple, by far.
5.0 : Dr. Freestone is the best professor I have ever had. She is so passionate about ecology and it shows. She makes the lectures so interesting and relevant to the world today that I genuinely enjoy going to her class. She is also the most genuine and caring professor I have ever met at temple. If I could take her for all of classes here I would.
3.5 : I loved Dr. Freestone. She is enthusiastic, which made her lectures very interesting. I had her for two courses and would recommend any that she teaches. Just know, for Plant Community Ecology we did read research papers and participation for discussions counts. But there are only two exams and as long as you study the slides you should do fine.
5.0 : Awesome guy, great classes. Just sit and listen, you can read but he gives everything to you at lecture and he gives it well. If you don't come to class, cover what you missed because every class covers what will be on a test. Grade is 3 tests and lab grade, tests are easy if you know the material even slightly.
5.0 : Professor Thornburg is an amazing professor. I believe he should teach other science classes as well. Just make sure you go to class take notes and do well on the labs and tests. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you want to pass and do well in labs highly recommend showing up to class. He has 4 tests as long as you study you'll get a decent grade.
4.0 : The professor enjoys teaching and does a good job at it. For geology he did a wonderful job of relating the material in a way that makes it understandable and considering rocks that's an accomplishment!  The tests aren't so bad but I had to do some studying to pass, he will curve if the majority of students do poorly.
5.0 : Funny guy. Lots of announced quizzes.
5.0 : If you get the chance, take one of his classes.
5.0 : Super chill dude. Somewhat disorganized, but when he starts talking about something, he gets super passionate about it. You don't necessarily have to show up to class, but if you don't you'll miss a) excellent explanations on the subject, b) weird, random, and entertaining conversations.
5.0 : Jesse is the GOAT. I took disasters and it was the best gen e.d I've taken at Temple. He is clearly passionate about his field but at the same time understands it is a gen ed course. Very laid back class, great way to relax in between tough, demanding, and intense courses.
5.0 : Very great and interesting teacher! He usually knows what's he doing and teaching! I highly recommend!
5.0 : Jesse is hands down the best teacher I had this year. If you want someone who is no BS who will get you to love geology in an interesting and fun manner, this is a class for you.  If you want a boring, uptight, and technical lecture you should should look elsewhere.
5.0 : Best professor to take for a science gen ed! Wish there were more professors like him. Really great and funny guy. Took him for both of my science gen ed requirements.
5.0 : Great guy. Extremely passionate about geology. Great and interesting class to satisfy a science gen ed! IF THERE IS A SPACE IN HIS CLASS, TAKE IT BECAUSE YOU HIT THE JACKPOT.
5.0 : Love his class. He is a very chill dude but you still learn a lot. You don't need to come to class a lot to pass.
4.5 : He's a really grade professor. This is an easy and interesting Gen Ed that's worth taking. There's 2 essay tests, a final, and like 5 assignments. He doesn't take attendance. Overall, I'd recommend him. The only con is that he takes forever to grade things! But other than that, it's a good class to take.
4.0 : Great, laidback dude. Watch interesting movies+documentaries and take quizzes throughout the semester, which make up most of your grade. 2 papers and a flexible final project. Can pass even if you skip a bunch of classes. Don't buy the textbook.
5.0 : Prof Bond is caring. She will hand out worksheets and actually interacts with the class, having small discussions. She responds to emails quickly. Don't have to show up to class. As long as you study your medical terms, you can pass with an A.
4.0 : Not a lot of lectures, more discussions, very engaging, brings up current events, good examples, midterm and final only tests, many assignments- very easy and she is a very lenient grader, mindful of your time, some hybrid classes, only complaint- study guides are way easier than exam questions, answers emails quickly, available outside of class
5.0 : Dr. Metz is an awesome teacher. I re learnt classical mechanics from him. He was even better and perhaps brilliant when it came to teaching Particle Physics. He made the most intricate aspects of nature appear so beautiful and simple. When he teaches you something, he makes you believe that. I was spell bound and had no questions. Hats off!
5.0 : I, being an experimental condensed matter physicist, fell in love with Particle physics when he taught us that. Amazing lectures, with clarity and simplicity. You are one of the best teachers I have come across in my life. He has immense patience to answer the stupidest questions from students. Very difficult to find teachers like you in this era.
5.0 : Had him for music theory. Great and interesting lectures. He's an approachable guy who is always willing to help. Assignments were fun and easy. Take him!
4.0 : Hottest teacher at Temple University.
5.0 : MOST INVOLVED INSRUCTOR I.VE EVER HAD, SHE PRESENTS THE SUBJECT AS IF WE WERE ON A EDUCATIONAL TOUR OF ITALY, AS WELL AS TEACHING THE GRAMMMATICA, THE SPEECH AND CULTURE,
5.0 : Marcella is fantastic.  She is hilarious, helpful, and kind.  Stay on top of your work and practice your writing before quizzes and exams.  I could not be happier to have had her as my professor.  She rocks.
5.0 : Marcella awesome! She's extremely funny and relatable and you can tell she really cares about her students. She's always available for help outside of class too. Workload isn't bad, weekly online lab homework takes 30-40 minutes and her tests are straightforward- if you pay attention in class and study for them you'll get an A. Lots of extra credit
5.0 : She's a good professor. She gives many worksheets and makes detailed study guides every time there's a quiz or test. She's also a very lenient grader. Sometimes it takes me a while to connect with what she's saying, but she still tries her best. She can assign a lot of online homework which can be annoying, but it's worthwhile.
3.0 : The class is rather disorganized. It seems like she never has clear lesson plans. She assigns way too much busywork from the online textbook site. Her grading for essays and the presentation seems rather arbitrary; there are no grading rubrics provided. Fortunately, the class material is easy to self-teach and the exams and quizzes are easy.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor! His class was super interesting (and really easy too)!! I wish he was a full time professor for GUS classes because I would take his class over and over again. Material is so interesting and he really knows what he is talking about
4.0 : Do you want an A?  No like do you really want an easy A?  Take Mike's his HipHop class.  I did next to no work and got an A like that *finger snap*.   You have one 5 page paper and one final that he gives you ALL the answers to a week ahead of time.  Like he literally gives you the test.  IT'S EASY!!!  (and it's only for 2.5 months instead of 3.5)
5.0 : I was part of the group that studied away with Temple to Arcosanti, AZ. Murphy was one of the instructors for the trip and he's very passionate about the subject, and teaches how media intertwines with the environment. Very interesting subject material. He's open to having intellectual conversations about the material. He gets you thinking.
4.0 : Seriously the nicest woman ever. Always willing to meet with students to discuss test grades and go over questions in detail, was also super prompt in answering e-mails. For class, MAKE SURE YOU READ THE TEXTBOOK. Exam 2 comes out of left field, so make sure you READ. Not like NURS 1001.
5.0 : Lectures are pretty boring but she's a great teacher &amp; truly cares about her students &amp; does want everyone to pass. There were a few group activities that we had to do... but what really helped me pass the class (if i failed a test) was that she was willing to go over the test with you &amp; motivates you. She even reached out first. She's kind &amp; great
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class and Eizen's enthusiasm for the content. Great teacher who offers many resources and strategies for teaching mathematics. You learn a lot in this course and the assignments, in my experience, are mostly graded for completion (besides the IPA). No textbook, but there are lessons you have to print (cheaper than a textbook).
5.0 : Class was my favorite. She is always excited about music and had us do some fun things in class (although I didn't love the dancing). Make friends with her and she'll love you, as long as you're not on a computer or cell phone in class. Variety of projects and assignments, only one test
5.0 : She brightens the class always! Fast email responses. No HW due, but tiny readings (a question or so used for exams). Attend a free concert at TU &amp; write an essay. Short presentation on a music term. Midterm &amp; final exams, you get a study guide plus a flashcard which super help! Final proj  a lil tedious but not hard. Easy A &amp; I actually learned!
5.0 : I love her! ProfNypaver is supportive, caring and simply put, a sweetheart. She knows most students only took the class bc of GenEd requirement so she didn't really demand much but what is amazing about her is that she inspired people to love music just like how she does. She's extremely nice &amp; if you attend every class and listen, you'll get an A.
5.0 : She's an amazing professor! Music theory is pretty tough, but she does a really great job of explaining it and making it interesting.
4.5 : took her for a history gen ed, super easy,  material is a little boring, but she's pretty hot and really upbeat
5.0 : Fun, if not inspirational, professor. She makes learning about music really fun and interactive! Not a tough class at all, and very enjoyable if you're into music and/or learning about other cultures. The work can be time-consuming, but it's barely noticeable if you like music. Great professor and person. Take any of her classes!
4.5 : If you need an easy A, take her Exploring Music course. So many extra credit opportunities. Tests are only easy if you actually studied a bit beforehand. She replies to emails very fast. Homework is only 15 minutes and it's once every 2 weeks.
4.5 : She loves when you participate, takes attendance daily, and for all the tests she let us use a note card cheat sheet. would definitely recommend, easy A. don't buy the textbook.
5.0 : Very interactive, awesome listening guides so I could make sure I was really learning stuff instead of just sitting on a lecture. So
 outgoing and nice! You can tell she is super knowledgeable and passionate for the subject which makes it that much better to learn Id often go home and listen to the music on my own.
5.0 : Amazing professor; bubbly, passionate, and very cute. She tries hard to make the material interesting so that students actually enjoy learning. She gives a decent amount of assignments, but they're all easy and short. Lots of variety in the ways you're graded, but fair. Quizzes are super easy. Huge amounts of extra credit, it's impossible to fail.
5.0 : Really laid back and funny. The class was an easy A, and honestly a lot of fun!
3.0 : A nice person, passionate about the subject.  Attendance counts; she strives to know you by name almost immediately.  Too many Gen Eds include a group project as this one does.  Overall class is easy but consumes a lot of time which I really need for my specialization courses.  Not a bad Gen Ed choice otherwise.  She is very cute and funny.
4.0 : I have to admit she is really nice, friendly and try her best to make the class fun and interactive. However, the world traditional music stuff she teaches may be boring to some people like me. She takes attendance and there are many inclass activities so missing the class greatly affect the score. The homework take quite a lot of time.
5.0 : The paper for this class stressed me out, but she let us have a re-write and made helpful edits and suggestions. I had to work hard on that, but she graded based on improvement and effort as well as content so I got an A. She is funny to watch when she gets excited about music and dances around. Never had a boring lecture. Loved her!
5.0 : Amazing. Best professor I have ever had. I learned a ton and thought her class was super fun!  She's always so positive and energetic, and most of the assignments were in-class, which I liked because there wasn't a lot of homework. She's really nice too, and if you're honest with her shes very understanding. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Loved her.  She is clearly passionate about the subject and makes it easy for anyone who does the work to get good grades. She is knowledgeable about world music and loves teaching.
5.0 : Awesome experience in this class. Needed a two credit class to fulfill my credit requirement for graduation and I'm really happy I picked this one. I would say that it's an easy A if you do homework, study a good bit, enjoy music and attend every class &amp; listen to feedback. Alisha has a great personality and knows how to brighten up a room
5.0 : Haha I don't think I'll ever forget her lecture on Romeo and Juliet!! She can be really goofy but she totally knows her stuff and tries to get us to like it too. Def. take her, but don't miss too many classes, she'll dock your final grade.
5.0 : Easiest A i've ever taken. Almost every student gets an A. You just have to do the homework. She allows note cards on the test making it easy. Going to concertsdoing 10 (easy) homework assignments are the only negatives.
5.0 : Challenging, but I didn't mind the work because of her personality. I don't think she was ever in a bad mood, she always was 100% in class. Used PowerPoints, and also had us do group worksheets and ask questions so it wasn't just lecture. A friend recommended the course to me, and I'm glad I took it, Prof. Nypaver was good!
5.0 : I had her for World Music. She is very bubbly and sweet! She lets you skip class four times without any penalty - which is a good thing. Her quizzes are all online and Easy A's. There are no given homeworks, there are some outlines where you have to construct a "reaction" paper.
5.0 : I had her for World Music. She is very bubbly and sweet! She lets you skip class four times without any penalty - which is a good thing. Quizzes are all online. There are no given homeworks, there are some outlines where you have to construct a "reaction" paper.
5.0 : I'm signed up for my second class with Prof. Nypaver and I'm already looking forward to it.  She has crazy energy and you can tell she really loves music! Last time I had her for World Music and she gave a lot of little assignments, but they were mostly interesting and some were even fun, nothing too hard. I learned a lot, favorite prof. at Temple
4.0 : She is an awesome person who loves what she does. However if your'e taking hard courses, i recommend you to stay out of this class because of the workload give in exploring music. For a gen ed, there were lots and lots of work! I barely passed her final exam because of my other classes. Good Luck
5.0 : I LOVEDDDDD her!  She was by far my favorite teacher I've had.  I would definitely take a class with her again.  She is young so she connects with the students and really cares about you.  I had no interest in classical music but she made me love the class and learning about it. HIGHLY recommend! Made class enjoyable.
4.5 : She's nice and pretty cool about giving extensions for papers if you need them. Took her because a friend had her last year. Lectures are usually pretty interesting but she only gave one test, the final. I'd have liked more exams and less assignments, but that's my preference.
5.0 : So sweet! Classes are either boring or interesting, but it depends on you. She, herself, makes the course as interesting as it can be. She's kinda hot too, which helps for paying attention. Don't buy the book, just get the econ lab
5.0 : I was dreading taking Shakespeare and Music but it was the only class that fit my schedule. However, it ended up being the best class I've ever taken at Temple!! Prof. Nypaver made the class really fun and interactive. An easy A with several extra credit options, and I actually learned a lot! Don't let Shakespeare scare you, she makes it fun.
5.0 : I really really enjoyed this class! Professor was so  energetic and bubbly.   I learned a ton from this class and I'm really grateful I had room to take it! Wish I had more room for free electives to take another class with her.
5.0 : she's the nicest and most caring professor ever. she's super fair. the class is online quizzes a few projects and attendance. everything is really easy if you fill in the notes she gives you before class and show up. She really knows all her information exceptionally well. You learn a lot and you'll have fun Show up to class.
5.0 : She talks a lot, and kind of fast. But she never lost my attention. She is amazing at lecturing, and she always keeps it fun and exciting. She's knowledgeable because she got her Master's in Music History. She's sexy and she's is awesome. The class is pretty easy, but you have show up to class and participate. If you don't talk you must blog.
5.0 : She tries very hard to make this class interesting. She talks a lot and is very passionate about music. She kind of gives a lot of assignment but there are short and  easy. She also gives extra credit options (in the final up to 40!!!), which can push your grade. I would take her again, because she is very nice and cares about her students.
5.0 : Shes awesome! Very cute and funny. She is very passionate about the material so she gets upset easily when students dont pay attention (use phones). She is clear of her exceptions and gets back to emails quickly! When shes in a bad mood, youll know lol Overall, shes a great professor and I would definitely recommend taking her. Easy A!
5.0 : Amazing class! Nypaver is so upbeat and adorable. She cares so much about her students and is very flexible with missed classes and missed work. She has very fun classes. Most of the time, guest performers come in. Highly recommend.
5.0 : I love her! She is young, energetic and willing to explain anything to you. She loves music and hopes that you love music too. I first came to the class with a moderate spirit, but she, in the end, makes me love classical music. There will be some writing assignments, but they will be graded easily. The midterm and the final won't be difficult too.
5.0 : Nypaver was probably the most enthusiastic professor I've ever had! She is warm, energetic, + relates to the students well. Her lectures were super interesting with lots of fun video/music clips. In Exploring Music you have a few easy essays, midterm, and final. If you like music, or even if you aren't too knowledgeable, I could not recommend more.
5.0 : Best professor ever. She is sweet and caring and is super passionate about what she is teaching about. If you put in little effort you will receive a grade reflecting that. Super easy and fun class. You do not need any music background to take
5.0 : Take her if you get the chance because she is literally amazing! Very energetic and easy to talk to. 1000% my favorite teacher i've ever had. Class discussions and power points  are fun and clear, and she also posts everything taught in class online so you will never be behind! love love love ms. nypaver
4.0 : 5 questions a week for homework. Exams are basically the homeworks combined. Awesome teacher also.
3.0 : Lets face it, Economics isn't a walk in the park. So like anything you want out of life the level of success is determined by the amount of effort you put into it. With all that being said Professor Wurtzel recognizes that effort and will work with you if your struggling. And for me that is golden. So she was a great Professor in my opinion.
5.0 : TAKE HER. I suck at economics and took my third and final chance with her and wish I would've taken her the first time. She makes economics SO EASY, exams are EXACTLY the same as the guidelines she gives you. NO MYECON LAB OR TEXTBOOK. She only teaches in CC but its SO WORTH IT. She doesn't ever keep you the full class usually just lasts an hour.
2.0 : Unclear - I barely got the concepts she talked about and basically had to teach myself. She is terrible with e-mails too - don't even expect her to answer, ever. Cancelled class 2 times, given that we only had 1 class per week. On the bright side, if you do the homework - you'll get an A. She tells you what's gonna be on the midterms and the final.
5.0 : She's really funny and engaging. Econ is kind of boring but she does research at the Fed so she's able to provide real-world examples that make total sense. If you pay attention in class you will really learn a lot.
3.0 : Ninness wasn't a bad professor but he wasn't the best professor I've ever had. His lectures are mind numbingly boring and you have to read a lot. He only assigns 3 papers a semester, he gives good feedback and you always get a rewrite. He didn't give us our grades until the semester was almost over which was really frustrating.
2.5 : Would not recommend. Class is so boring. There is quiz like everyday. The questions are nit-picky and specific so even if you have read you'll still want a book to reference. For the papers, you basically need to write what he wants, style-wise and content-wise.
5.0 : Ninnes sets you up for success. It actually says on his syllabus that there is no reason you shouldnt get an A in his class. Hes telling the truth. Re-writes for ALL papers, hes beyond knowledgeable &amp; hell go out of his way to help you succeed. Only reason not to pass: skipping classes
5.0 : Brett Miller is a great instructor given the material we have to learn. I am not a math person, yet his lectures were very clear and he will review anything you are having trouble with. It shows he cares about the class - and tries to makes things interesting. Good sense of humor and not bad to look at either ;)
3.0 : I really like Lopez as a person and I enjoyed class discussions. She gives weekly hw assignments that require reading a lot of articles, but help you learn the material. Her larger assignments could be vague and given without much notice, and she could grade unfairly. Ask questions + learn the responses she likes in assignments, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Very nice, and caring professor, with a clear grading criteria. The assignments, and projects are very easy. Taker her, you won't regret it!
4.0 : Great and caring professor, interested in students and open. Very nice person and loves her job. No textbook, no exams. A lot of homework and papers though. However, if you listen to what she says in class you'll be fine. No need to read all articles just search for answers. Answers emails within a few hours. Gives useful feedback. lot extra credit
1.0 : She never stops talking. She expects students to answer questions in groups but always interrupts when they are talkinganswering questions.
5.0 : take this class with her. it's an essay due at least once a week but they aren't hard. she keeps the class interesting. no exams. no textbook needed. TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : Professor Lopez is super nice and awesome. She is funny in class and gives you a good grade if you put in the effort. However, there are a lot of readings to get done. If you have to take Ethics, take it with Lopez and you won't regret it. She even brings food when it is your birthday! She also gives a lot of extra credit!
3.5 : I really enjoyed her class. She gives great lectures and really cares about the well-being of her students. She also gives a lot of extra credit opportunities so look out for them! My only concern with this course was with some of the assignments. They are always confusing and vague so go to her office hours. Also, there is A LOT of group work!
3.5 : Guidelines can be a little vague at times. She offers a lot of extra credit to make-up for any points you have lost. So do not overreact when your grades are not what you expect them to be initially.
3.0 : There are no tests in this class but many assignments and papers. Warning: SHE WILL NOT TELL YOU WHEN THINGS ARE DUE so you must check the syllabus constantly. The assignments can take awhile but you can definitely do well in her class. Take advantage of the extra credit that she offers. There is a lot of group work too.
5.0 : Dr. Lopez is the best professor I've ever had. She really cares about her students, and she really loves her job. Her lectures are always interesting, but there are a lot of readings, assignments and group work. However, the assignments really force you to understand the material if you put in the effort. You must take her if you have a chance!
5.0 : Dr. Lopez is such a warm professor. Attendance only counts for days that hw assignments are due (even though it's through Bb) and there are no exams. I dreaded it when I first heard that we would be doing a lot of group work but it wasn't bad at all. She loves hearing what her students have to say about things, so that makes you want to participate
2.0 : A lot of work, hard grader, doesn't really teach any of the information doesn't give notes her class is literally just discussion about the articles we always have to read. Would avoid if you prefer a traditional style class with tests and notes and not pointless group projects.
4.5 : Took her for honors ethics. Easy but interesting class.
1.5 : There is a reason her good reviews are from a few years ago. Several times throughout the semester my class was afraid to answer questions. If what you say or any of you opinions do not match hers exactly she feels the need to tear you apart.  She changed the number of projects and grades constantly throughout the semester. Her class was a waste.
3.0 : Dr. Lopez is honestly a really nice person and she definitely cares about her students. However, her case studies are really long and unclear. Make sure to ask her to clarify on directions when you're confused. Also keep an eye on the syllabus. There are a lot of extra credit opportunities that she only tells you about there.
5.0 : Super helpful to students in and out of class. Assignments are simple. 2 skips allowed-- class is only once a week (1 credit hour).
4.0 : Mr. Granieri is a pretty cool dude. You can tell he's passionate about what he teaches. He's prob more focused on his own theater work and promoting his stuff than his actual teaching profession, as one of the shows you see is a show with him in it, but it was good. Don't take if you hate group projects and don't wanna go to plays outside class.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers I've had at Temple. Super nice and enthusiastic guy who is passionate about teaching history. His lectures were engaging, and the homework wasn't all that hard. Definitely take him if you can.
5.0 : Eric is the best professor I've had so far at Temple. I went in with a negative bias I admit (mostly because of this site's inaccurate reviews), and yes at first he does come off as a bit of an uptight jerk. But, over the course of the semester, he opens up. He's passionate, and will help you work through any of the materials. Highly recommended.
4.5 : I currently have him American Literature 1. I'll admit that I used to be afraid of him because he seems stern, but he's totally the opposite of it. His lectures aren't bad, and he's actually hilarious. I'd take his class again. Not a harsh grader. Very personable. He's also very articulate. I may be biased because we have similar ideas. Take him!
5.0 : I love him
4.0 : Jankiewicz is a great professor! He loves what he teaches and is very helpful. Be ready to participate because the class is largely discussion based.
4.5 : This class with group discussion based, so if you're not into that sort of thing, that's too bad because you have to take this class. Only 2 papers longer than 2 pages. He was a relatively easy grader. Participation counts on the syllabus, however I participated literally twice all semester and I got an A. I would totally recommend this professor.
4.0 : Easy grader for essays, but get ready to read a lot... or don't. Class time is a bit dreary though.
4.0 : Makes the class interesting. He relates almost every reading to a movie or TV series which helps break up the class. Easy class, do your work and stay respectful and it'll be no problem.
4.0 : Professor Jankiewicz is a great Mosaics teacher; he is a pretty easy grader and a lenient guy. His class is discussion based, so it is important that you participate. Your overall experience will depend on how active your peers are in lecture.
4.0 : 4 reaction papers and 2 analytical papers. No exams. You don't even have to read the books, let alone buy them. All Mosaics classes are going to be discussion based, but Jankiewicz only calls on people who voluntarily raise their hand, so. Super easy professor &amp; class.
5.0 : You have 2 analytical papers which are 5 pages each and 4 reaction papers which are 2 pages each. If you just meet the page requirement on the reaction paper you get a 100%  thats 40% of your grade right there.  10% is participation which is super easy to get. Come to class. He grades the analytical papers super easy  Def take him Great guy.
5.0 : Really great teacher. Understands the point of the class, and doesn't grade too intensely. Really cool guy with really cool interests. Definitely take him for Mosaics.
5.0 : Mr. J. was a great professor. He themes his class around science fiction (not my main interest, to say the least), but he kept it interesting. Class is largely discussion based. You have 6 papers you're graded on. He's not too tough a grader, but you can't just skate by, for sure. Would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Steve is very interactive with class and you watch videos between books. Very discussion based off of readings due every class. Need a bunch of books but what mosaics class doesn't. Easy grader on papers. A few 2 page reaction papers due and two 5 page papers due but very easy. Easiest professor for mosaics! Take him!
5.0 : I would definitely recommend for both Mosaics 1 and 2. The class is focused on the students and what you get out of it. Very little work required which allows for you to actually experience the class without stress.
5.0 : he is my best professor. just 4 reflection papers and 2 analytical paper. it is easy to get a good grade. i got A-
5.0 : Professor Jankiewicz is so nice, but you need to participate. My class did not participate at all, so he was forced to call on people (it was clear that he didn't want to). You really don't need to read any of the books. There are 4 reaction papers (1-2 pages each) and 2 analytical papers (5 pages each).
5.0 : Take him. Easiest and nicest professor ever. No tests, 4 small (1 page) papers and 2 bigger (5 page) papers. That's it. I got an A on every one. His class is 100% discussion based, so make sure to participate. It's awkward for him to have to call on people, so save him the trouble and just read and show up with something to say. Easy enough.
5.0 : I have really grown to love this guy.  Not only is he extremely smart, but incorporated books with topics where we were able to discuss issues of race, politics, gender, the economy, etc. He's also such a feminist, which is definitely a plus. He expects everyone to read, but you'll be okay with skimming. You can miss 4 classes too! Super kind guy.
4.0 : He is a nice guy but the class is HEAVILY discussion based. It really just depends on the mix of students in your class but if the same people always talk he makes the class unbearably painful to sit through when he's annoyed it's the same people. He needs to understand some people aren't comfortable speaking aloud. Minimal work VERY easy grader.
5.0 : Professor Jankiewicz is amazing. He is discussion-based, so try and speak at least once per class to make the class (and your grade) even better. Lots of reading - but that is the expectation in IH0851. He assigns 4 reaction papers (1-2 pages) and 2 analytical papers (5 pages) throughout semester. No quizzes, tests, or midterm/final. TAKE HIM!!!!!
5.0 : Mr. J is a great professor! The class was SO easy. I received an A on every assignment and didn't read. The class consists of 4 reaction papers and two 5 page analytical papers. Other than that, no homework, no quizzes, nothing! The only thing about Mr. J is that he LOVES science fiction, which alot of ppl hate AKA ME but still take him!
3.5 : Well put together
4.0 : Overall a good prof for a basic class like Nature of Crime. You can tell she cares about the CJ field. Take her if you're looking for an easy A and/or a lecturer with a sense of humor. Only complaint is that the class was honestly a little too easy/not overly informative, but then again the course is rather basic on its own anyway.
5.0 : She's an awesome professor if you are looking to learn the basics of spanish.  I would recommend her to anyeveryone.  Her classes are in center city but if you want someone who will actually teach you spanish and you will learn (garaunteed), then take her.  She also loves to talk about food and traveling.  You can learn so much from her!
5.0 : Professor Mijlin is the best. Super kind, understanding and she knows her stuff. Take her if you can, you won't regret it. Not only do I now know Spanish but she never stressed me out. Too often are we stressed out in college and she made sure she didn't do that to us. I'll miss her next semester.
5.0 : Loved this class! He's an awesome prof who is extremely clear from the beginning on what he expects from you. You should definitely go to class though because he puts things he says in lecture on the test.
4.5 : Vinnie is the best! Makes for a very friendly, open environment. Decent amount of reading assigned and a short one question quiz regarding the assigned reading. Asks only for a few sentences or bullet points. Helpful with everything. Do the work and you'll get an A
4.5 : Took Vinnie for Death and Dying and actually enjoyed the class. Made the class interesting and gave us a lot of opportunities to be open and honest about the topics. Doesn't take attendance, but gives one question quiz 1x week. No textbook, but he asks you to buy a few books.  I would defiantly take another religion class with him!
5.0 : My favorite teacher at Temple by far!  I learned so much in his class and he's so interesting.  The class was harder than I thought it would be, but totally worth it.  I loved his class and him.
5.0 : Vinnie is a fantastic instructor; he loves his topic and it really shows in his lectures. His comments are insightful, and he is always willing to help with papers. This was my second course with him, and they were both some of my favorite classes at Temple. He is also a genuinely nice guy. Take him if you can!
5.0 : Vinnie was awesome! Definitely will take again.
4.0 : He is a tough grader and he will make you improve your writing or you'll see it in your grades. I think he's a great teacher though, he definitely has alot of experience. He sat down with me and went over my paper and helped me improve where I was lacking so I have to say he's a good teacher.
5.0 : Great guy. Willing to go out of his way to help you in your sports reporting. Took both his classes and do not regret it. There is quite a few assignments per class, but they aren't that difficult, just time consuming. His first class is purely writing intensive. His second class is more hands on with Cameras and Radio.
5.0 : He's really cool. Great teacher, and he definitely will take the time to explain everything to you.
5.0 : Highly recommend taking class with Dr. West! Great resource for Netherlandish art and very helpful outside of the classroom both for the class and for further academic pursuits.
5.0 : Engaging professor with an extreme breadth of knowledge. Exams are only challenging if you do not pay attention. All in all, an encouraging professor who is always open to help her students.
5.0 : Manuel is my favorite professor! He is SO nice and helpful. He is the reason I added a second major in Spanish. Take his class! He's the best!
5.0 : Manuel is a phenomenal professor, I would easily take him again if he were teaching higher level Spanish courses. He's always joking in class and makes such an environment that you are excited to come to class whether you did the HW or not. Extremely lenient &amp;understanding and he is there for help anytime you want it. 55 one of the best professors
5.0 : Manuel is great. He knows that most of his students are just filling requirements, but still manages to get the best out of them. He uses a lot of real-world conversations in Spanish and English to make the connections easier.  If his class fits your schedule, TAKE HIM.
5.0 : Extremely caring and understanding
5.0 : Manuel is awesome. Super nice and funny. He's very casual and very helpful if you have any questions at all about the language. He is also very encouraging.
5.0 : Professor Malia was one of the best professors that I have ever taken here at Temple. He creates a great atmosphere where you feel comfortable speaking in spanish and learning the material. You will not regret taking him!!
4.5 : Joe Perrone was one of my favorite professors Temple. His class was in a laid back setting where you learned all about brand strategies and where top leading brands in our industry were heading daily. His assignments were helpful and to the point. They allowed you to apply everything you learned in class to a specific situation in brand strategy.
3.0 : Funny guy, but not a great professor. Picks interesting brands to focus on, but just reads straight from the powerpoints. You don't learn much, but I heard that's just the course. Small assignments each week that you can turn in at the end of the semester &amp; a final project. You barely have to show up.
4.5 : Professor Perrone teaches strat and positioning in an unconventional way, which is great. His teaching style really helped break up my schedule of constant boring lectures. Coming into his class every Mon, Wed, and Fri I knew I was going to be taught in an entertaining and efficient way.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Made classes interesting and a pleasure to attend. I wish more professors at Temple were like Joe.
5.0 : Joe's insights into the ad industry as well as his sense of humor make his classes one-of-a-kind. I strongly suggest signing up for one of his classes.
4.0 : Literally the easiest professor I have ever taken. You literally do nothing, but present answers to a question in front of class and that's literally all you do. Barely any papers, maybe like 2 page ones. Very easy grader. Take him for an easy A.
5.0 : Easy. Awesome. Great. Cool. Fun. Easy. Laidback.
5.0 : I love Dr.Lee! He's very laid back and understanding. The books are very interesting. You read 40-50 pgs and discuss the topic in class. You also take quizzes occasionally but if you read, you'll get 100. You have to write 1 paper but the topics are interesting. You also have homework logs when the book is complete. I highly recommend him. Easy A.
5.0 : Easiest class ever. I was a freshman going into the class since i had credits from high school and holy crap this is so easy compared to what i hear other college students talk about. I didn't buy any books and he never assigns homework that cant be done in class. There are a few writing assignments which take literally 5 minutes. He is super chill
5.0 : Most amazing professor at Temple. Caring, hilarious, laidback, and overall a great man. Totally prepares you for the short, easy quizzes you have at the end of each week. Can opt out of midterm and final with a simple project that you create based on whatever you want and is fun. TAKE DR. LEE!
5.0 : Respect him and he will do the same. As many others have stated, this should be a fairly easy "A", as long as one does the assigned readings.
5.0 : As a graduating senior, I can say Matt is hands down the best professor I've had at Temple. Extremely knowledgeable and very clear with complex topics -- you WILL walk out of his class understanding complicated philosophical ideas you may have not been able to understand prior. Very fair grader too.
3.5 : Do NOT take him, if possible.
4.0 : He explained the tough topics clearly, only 3 papers and attendant is mandatory because that 24% of your grade. Tough grader on papers but gave good feed back when you go to his office hour.
4.0 : I liked her, the class has no tests, just projects. If you procrastinate, don't like to attend class, or don't like to participate in class, this is not the class for you. She was pretty tough with grading participation (10% of final grade).
5.0 : this class was amazing. it was interesting and super easy. she loves what she does and she is hilarious. shes really cool and down to earth and the material is just fun in general (the book is interesting too and very short and easy to read) . everyone enjoyed it and the class was a family. definitely take this professor.
5.0 : Very easy class. No exams or quizzes. She really cares about you, so take advantage of it. I took her for Youth Cultures-- she made the class so interesting. One big paper which she divides throughout the semester. And one final presentation. That's it. Easy.
5.0 : I loved this class, NO QUIZZES! NO HOMEWORK! JUST SIMPLE CHAPTER READ WITH OPEN DISCUSION IN CLASS. AND ARTICLE READING. EMIAL HER SHE'S REALLY OPEN TO HELPING HER STUDENTS AND THE CLASS WAS REALLY INTERESTING! ONE PRESENTATION AND A FINAL PAPER, BUT YOU DO PARTS OF THE PPPR THORUGHOUT THE SEMESTER. I WOULD DEFINITLY TAKE HER AGAIN
4.5 : She's a very reasonable professor and tells you exactly what she expects right away. She doesn't use a rubric, but instead tells you what you need to do to get an A. Even with next-to-no effort I got a solid B,  would recommend.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Temple. She is so passionate about the class, and teaches the material well. You are required to do a research project for the class (no quizzes or tests) which is tough but so worth it in the end. A lot of people will say that it's a lot of work for a Gen Ed, but I regret nothing and learned so much from her class.
5.0 : She is very kind, and contacted me when I started falling behind. If you show up and are attentive/participate you will do well. There was one big project which made up most of the final grade.
5.0 : Class was always stimulating and grading was fair. Most noteworthy however was the fact that Prof. Blakey is by far the most beautiful professor I have ever had.
5.0 : Porsche's Youth Cultures class is great. It's super interesting and she makes it fun. You have to read before every class and have a discussion but its super easy and you can get away with not always reading, or even skimming. There is a project at the end of the semester and a paper but no tests or quizzes. Overall, its a great class.
4.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER. Seriously the most work I've ever done for a GenED. Annotated Bibliography, History Paper, Fieldwork Paper, Presentation, and a Final Paper. No quizzes or exams, but a whole lot of research. If you're interested in the subject then it'd probably be fun but definitely time consuming.
4.0 : If you put in the work you'll get a lot out of this class. Blakey is not a hard grader, but expects a lot out of you.
5.0 : Prof. Blakey would assign a chapter of reading from the textbook and hold discussion-based lectures in class. This clarified key terms/concepts, and showed who was prepared for class. No tests/quizzes, instead there was a presentation and a lengthy final research paper. Not bad because components of the paper were due throughout the semester.
4.5 : The class is laid out so you do readings and discussions for the first 23 which are fairly interesting then you put your knowledge into a paper on a subculture of your choosing.  She is very helpful. If you send her part of a paper early she will tell you exactly what is good and bad then you resubmit it for a grade. Passionate about the topic.
3.0 : He explains things relatively  well but can be a tough grader. If you aren't very good at writing papers it may be difficult. Also gives a very hard exam based on past material from other classes.
4.5 : Amir is a great professor, he is very bright and you can learn alot from listening to him lecture. His class is not a cake walk, but it definately isn't impossible and he is very fair. I highly recommend him.
5.0 : Please prepare for the certificate exam given on day one! The first exam is easier than the  second one.  He is a great professor. He really cares about the students. He wants you to learn the information... It's not about you simply coming to class, getting a grade. He wants you to actually learn material that you will use in your career.
3.5 : Shoham is extremely approachable and kind, if you take the initiative to ask questions. He wants you to understand the material, especially because the course synthesizes everything we learned in prior finance courses. However, it just ends up being information overload. The weekly cases can be a pain so be sure to choose your group members wisely.
5.0 : Any professor that's willing to teach a capstone course online over the summer so people don't have to wait until December is truly understanding individual. He's very strict on papers when it comes to formatting, so follow his directions and you'll be fine. He's a tough grader, but you'll get credit if you can show the reason behind your thinking.
2.5 : Make sure you ask specifics of papers and assignments. He wants you to think a certain way that really doesn't happen in other classes. If you ask for help- he is there and is very helpful. He is clear and will explain ideas when you need as many times as you need. He is very smart and i enjoyed his class.
3.5 : Two individual papers and the rest are group papers. There's a certification exam that you get to take twice and he takes the one that has the highest grade(THESE ARE HARD). Helpful if you ask questions. Has a an accent, so it's sometimes hard to understand him.
5.0 : Very nice guy, easy A if hard working, will take his course next semester!
4.5 : Love her! She's hilarious and knows her stuff! She does expect thoroughness, so work hard on the assignments and you will do well.
4.0 : I've had Dr. Rexing for 3 classes so I know what this woman is about. She's an excellent professor who knows her stuff in a variety of fields and really encompasses what public health is about. Come to lectures, go to office hours (she knows her stuff!) and enjoy the ride. Tests aren't hard if you study, she gives good feedback on papers as well.
4.0 : Dr. Rexing is such a sweet lady! She is very down-to-earth and friendly. I hated the material of her class but enjoyed her teaching . She was a tough grader, but i think her TA did most of the grading. There were 3 online tests- easy!! Dr. Rexing evenlet me hand in a late assignment which really boosted my grade! I would definitely take her again!
4.0 : Dr. Christen Rexing is actually a very nice professor. Her basic rules to pass her class are to attend class, do the actual work and make sure it makes sense. Her class is very interesting and easy to learn. It involves a lot of listening because the slides go by fast. Overall, writing notes down while she talks and attending class will pay off.
3.0 : Professor Rexing is a good professor and knows what she's talking about. BUT, she is pretty tough, and you would have to really really try in this class, meaning no bsing. Personally I wouldn't take her again, but I know others who like her.
5.0 : Dr. Rexing is such a nice, sweet professor! Her lectures are so interesting simply because of how passionate she is about public health. Make sure you go to class everyday because attendance is pretty much mandatory. There's almost never class on Fridays, just easy online quizzes that take like half an hour. 100% recommend taking her class.
4.0 : Dr. Rexing made this class awesome. The lectures were great and I really enjoyed going to class. She does take attendance everyday. There were 6 online quizzes but you can take two optional quizzes to drop your 2 lowest. 2 papers &amp; she does take a while to give you feedback. There is a group project but the assignment isn't bad. I would take again!
4.0 : Dr. Rexing is a very nice and sociable professor. She is very sympathetic towards students who make an honest effort and is there for you. Classes are a bit long and she does get sidetracked every now and then. My only quam was how she graded things. She took points off for things that were not formatted how she wanted, even if they were not wrong.
5.0 : Truly looked forward to her weekly class. Am looking forward to having her again! Lots of papers and reading assignments, but she's a fair grader.
5.0 : I took her three times because I like her teaching style and interest in health policy. Class and discussion is interesting and class is enjoyable to go to, even if it is a lecture.
5.0 : She's very funny and if you actually listen, you'll enjoy how she breaks down the lectures. She cancels class almost every friday and the quizzes are online and openbook. The grading is online and if you miss more than one class your attendance grade drops to 90%.
4.0 : Dr. Rexing is wonderful. Very engaging, clearly loves what she's teaching. Makes even very dry lectures fun to listen to. Be on top of your work and come to class every day and you should do alright.
4.0 : Class consisted of multiple online quizzes of 10 questions and group projects. Everything was online so it wasn't too bad. A lot of reading was assigned though. Her class was enjoyable and she was always in a good mood and I liked her sense of humor. Very caring professor and passionate in her field
5.0 : If you're in CPH, you have to take this course anyway, so definitely take Prof Rexing. She's super cool and there are no exams, only online quizzes which are really easy if you do the reading. I wish she taught classes that I needed for my major so I could take her again. Really awesome professor and made being up at 8am way more bearable.
5.0 : Best Mosaic professor. Definitely taking Mosaic 2 with her too.
4.5 : Sunflower is decent, lectures are laid back and are pretty much all discussion. Even though the class itself is laid back she is kind of a tough grader on the papers: not an easy A.
3.5 : Sunflower is awesome. Her lectures are super laid back and discussion-based. You will need to show up with your book and participate to pass, as well as attend regularly, but if you miss the reading for a night it won't be catastrophic. Just listen and be active and you will pass. Also put effort into the papers she assigns, they're worth a lot.
5.0 : Very intelligent and accommodating. There's a lot of theory/philosophy in his lectures, and he talks a lot, but it's usually pretty interesting stuff, and you'll learn a lot about Spanish history. Work on the papers early, do the weekly homeworks, and pay attention to the lectures, and you'll do well.
5.0 : Sweetest lady ever and a fantastic teacher! She tells you exactly all the formulas and the tests are identical to the homework (which she does on the easy-to-manipulate pearsonmylab). Also let us out early nearly every class. I promise she is better than the alternatives at Temple.
5.0 : Really great teacher. Exams online but in class and gives you a note sheet. Exams almost exactly like homework. Really easy if you just pay attention to her lectures and she usually ends class early. Never opened textbook but you need the online access code.
4.5 : Lectures can be fast, so if you don't get it go see her for help asap - she is very good at looking at your work and identifying where you are having trouble and will explain it to you.  Also very friendly and cares about students so she will sit and have a motivational talk with you if you need it.  She made this class fun, take her!
3.0 : She goes over the material to fast,  and the ExcelOM stinks, she goes over that even faster.  It's pretty much a self taught class because she teaches to the assignment.  Exams need to be longer as we ran out of time trying to use the ancient work stations in the classrooms that barely move and restarting the excelom.
5.0 : Great teacher, scratch that, educator is more appropriate. You learn a lot without any fuss or pettiness. This is how college should be.
5.0 : Professor Mittal is a great teacher. If you take notes, look over the power points, do the homework and class assignments, this class is pretty easy. She explains concepts well and makes you understand. I would definitely take her again.
4.0 : Professor Mittal is a very kind woman. Quite bubbly and a little over the top, but genuinely cares. Expectations are very clear. 3101 is a tough course, but Professor Mittal makes it a little less painful. All things considered, I would take her again. I was satisfied with what I learned and satisfied with my grade, so I can't complain too much.
1.0 : There were two exam EACH worth 35%. The exams are 82 mins long and with 14 questions each meaning that a little over 5 minutes a question, oh but wait each question has like 7-10. Not to mention you have to use ExcelOM which is horrible if you have a Mac. There's a lot of slides you have to read and a lot of videos you have to watch. Don't take her
4.0 : I preferred POM to ExcelOM to solve questions. I'd usually just look at the help me solve this and fool around with those questions in POM until I was getting the right answers and then do the same thing with the HW. During class i usually worked on the breakout questions since they were due right after class. Exams can be hard but are open note
2.0 : She literally reads straight from the powerpoint and moves through the material like you know it. Examples in class are simple but homework is long and complicated. Might as well teach yourself
1.0 : Horrible at explaining things and goes way to fast. She is often very unprofessional and makes material a lot harder than it needs to be. If you can teach yourself, take this class but if you want someone who can clearly explain concepts, do not take her.
1.0 : Awful teacher. Reads straight of the powerpoint. class is useless
4.5 : She makes ppts which include all of the info you'll need to know. She incorporates examples into the ppts &amp; walks through them step by step in class. All homework and exams are through pearsonmylab. Allowed 1 cheat sheet for exams. Group in-class activities count towards participation. AMAZING PROFESSOR!
5.0 : Nicest professor I've ever had; you can't not love the guy. Lots of small assignments, pretty much due every class. Grade mostly from three short analytical papers (which always have great feedback; he straight-up writes a full letter to each student about their drafts!) and a couple of exams. You'll not only get an easy A, but you'll learn a lot.
4.0 : Very easy, but not very good in teaching, you can get an easy A in this class but you will not learn a lot because the class is so boring  .
5.0 : She's insanely amazing
3.0 : if you want to sit through a class for 50 minutes, listening to a teacher talking about the history of the american military this is the class for you,  she give 2 long papers and two test, lots of assignments  and expect to read a lot.
5.0 : She sends a sheet around for class in the beginning to sign in, so you need to go, but it's really not that bad. 50 minutes, she gives you the slides, 2 long papers, and 2 tests; mid-term and final. She gives you terms to study, and the test is the exact same thing, just study what the study guide says and it's such an easy A. Take a front seat ;)
4.5 : All she does is lecture. This is not too bad, but early in the morning? I'm falling asleep. 4 books to read, only need to get 2 for the paper for quotes. Paper's are a little difficult but ok. Takes attendance and there is one group project. Pretty easy class though and you do learn a lot about the military.
4.0 : Jaroff has been at Temple for a while and is well respected. You have to read a lot but nothing is ridiculous. Just go to class and occasionally participate. He can be really invested and helpful if you let him!
5.0 : nice guy!
5.0 : Best professor Ever! If I could I would take this class again and again. Peter is a real gem, and he actually cares about you and your work. He's willing to go out of his way to help you better yourself. And he gives you the best advice. And I would say take his classes. Cause honestly he will change your life!
4.5 : Prof. Jaroff is one of the best professors that I have had at Temple. He is really engaging and expects the same from the class. The assignments are clear and many. Since this is a WI course expect to write almost every class and when out of class. Not lengthy assignments,  just a lot of them. I highly recommend taking him!
5.0 : One of the best math teachers I've ever had.  If you can sign up for any class he teaches (he's not a full-time professor) you're in luck.  Had him for Calculus; having not taken Calc in high school, his teaching style and readiness to help students was very valuable.  My one regret is not putting in more effort when I know I could have...
5.0 : He is a very nice teacher. He is very helpful, he cares a lot and he is understandable. He can sit down with you to explain or answer your questions after class. I like him
5.0 : By far the best professor I've ever had. I take her at Rowan University for Intro to PR/ADV Research. She makes the class so fun, interesting, and she's very accessible after class. First day of class she told us she'd help us with our resums whenever we are ready. I thought that was so nice. I did not buy the text book and I have missed 1 class.
4.0 : Super nice &amp; easy. Class can be boring but she gives good feedback on papers. Be prepared to read.
5.0 : She is a sweetie if you have the option to take her please do. She provided all the readings and they were not boring.
4.0 : Professor Horn's young adult lit class was great. It's clear from the get go what is expected of you. Everything follows the syllabus. It is very easy to do well in the class as long as you do the readings, which are not difficult at all. I definitely recommend both her and this class.
5.0 : Super nice and constantly tells to come to her office hours if you need help.  Some writing involved, but you only have to do 6/12 of the papers. I strongly suggest doing the early ones since the readings are significantly shorter.  Good class.
5.0 : I adore Anne Horn! She's so bright, quirky, nurturing. Sorry this class is ending. I'd say she's a tough grader. But then again, this is a pretty easy class. If you do all of the assignments and participate, you'll still get an A even if you're midterm&amp;finals are 80 range. If you're intelligent but cool, take this class. Your world expands.
4.0 : Had her for Child Lit &amp; Folklore. She's a pretty nice lady, reminds me of a librarian. She's fairly easy for the most part, but she assigns a decent amount of reading. We had a bunch of papers that were hard to keep track of, but she sends reminders on BlackBoard. She also has pop quizzes, so be sure to actually read. Overall easy, but dont be lazy
5.0 : Best Art History professor ever. Tests aren't too bad and theres only three all semester, in addition to a paper and some homework assignments. Very spicy Peurto Rican.
5.0 : I would definitely recommend Prof. Barragan. It was easy to stay engaged during lecture because she was always enthusiastic and really knowledgeable. The class definitely takes some studying simply because it covers so much material, but she teaches it really well and is a fair grader. Great class.
5.0 : Best Teacher I've ever had. High energy teacher, goes through material super thoroughly. He really cares about every student as long as they care about the material. If you show any amount of interest, he will make sure you know the material enough to get an A in the class. I wish I could have him for every chemistry class.
4.0 : He's really funny and an approachable guy who seems really passionate and knowledgeable about chemistry. Some topics he doesn't go in depth on which can hurt you on a test so it's good to always read the textbook as well. But I thoroughly enjoyed his class.
4.0 : Professor Z is awesome but Honor Gen Chem is tough. He tries his best to help you understand the material. His office hour is extremely helpful.
5.0 : Zdilla is an amazing lecturer. He really knows his stuff and loves to teach, he'll answer any question and in a way that's really understandable. Honors chem is definitely tough and wouldn't recommend if it's your first time through chem; lots of basics are skipped. Tests are also tough but Zdilla works to make sure you know what you have to.
5.0 : Amazing professor who really knows the material. Honors Chem is notoriously difficult but he makes it doable. Exams are difficult but there are quizzes and homework to help cushion the grade. He goes through topics quickly but stops between topics for questions. There was a curve at the end to help your grade but expect to invest a lot of time.
4.0 : Works the class, pretty demanding but fair and lays out a lot of instruction for assignments. Provides good feedback in sub assignments that lead to final project.
5.0 : Hard class but learned a lot. A lot of material for a 7 week class, but important.
5.0 : Jason is one of the coolest professors that Ive had so far at Temple. Hes more than fair, winds up cancelling many assignments, and brings in breakfast some mornings. This class is never dull and he keeps you engaged with interesting in class assignments. Definitely take him if you have the chance!
4.5 : The prof is a natural teacher.  Tons of energy- makes boring topics seem interesting.  He would do anything in class to get us to participate-- from hot topics, creating a PBJ sandwich, to throwing out assignments in order for the class to reflect on the activity in class.   He teaches the class like a seminar and respects everyone. Best prof I had
4.0 : One of the easiest classes I took at Temple
4.0 : No test, hand In assignments gives you 100s,(don't even think he reads them) easy A
5.0 : Jason is extremely passionate about the topics he instructs (human behavior and education). His Tweens and Teens course was fairly easy. He assigned a lot of reading, but you don't really have to do them. He does not believe in quizzesexams, so the final was a 10-15 page research paper. He brings Dunkin' coffee and donuts occasionally!
4.5 : This new career class was a big help.  We had guest speakers talking about key things about getting yourself ready, he provided food most nights, and the best part--I got my 5 top talents through the strength finder.  Yeah there's some busy work but worth it because I got a resume, cover letter, linkedin profile, philosophy of ed statement.
5.0 : Interesting class, great teacher. Not hard at all to get an A if you do what you're supposed to!
4.0 : Ok so here's the deal with Bozzone. He's a great guy. Like a greatttt guy, so great it hurts. But it's too much! When we don't participate he brings donuts for motivation the next class. He's UBER bubbly and too friendly. You'll have 4 (single spaced, 1 page) papers, 3 or 4 (12 page) "memos", maybe 2 small group projects, lots of articles. Not bad
4.0 : Benson is great. Compassionate and easy to talk to. In my class however, she did not do a lot of teaching and nearly all classes where filled completely with group presentations and I was let down by that. Her grading expectations helped me to step my game up.
3.0 : Dr. Benson knows how to relate material pretty well &amp; the lecure is not bad. But her grading system is WAY OFF so I would not take her again. At times she seemed more concerned about format then content which is frustrating especially in a Masters program level class.
4.0 : Only issue was the time that it took to grade papers.
4.0 : In the classroom, Benson's format was slightly unorganized. In person, she was extremely helpful! I will definitely take her again!
5.0 : Dr. Benson was great! Her smile always brightened my day. She's one of those teacher you want to take over and over again because shes so informative, understand and compassionate. She is a social worker that actually cares about people, and understands her field. I had a great time in her class!
5.0 : Dr. Benson shares with the class an ideology which will transform the way you view social justice. Yes you are going to have to work, yes you are going to have to participate but, it is all worth while. The work she asks you to do will probe how you feel and think about issues concerning social justice. Amazing professor, hope I can take her again
5.0 : Solid professor. Really knows his stuff and cares about his students.
5.0 : Reiter is the best professor I've had in my college career. He made accounting easy to understand and was always there to help students at any time of the weekday. He truly cares about students and wants them to do well in the course. I highly recommend taking him !  I wish he was teaching Intermediate II  so I could take him again.
5.0 : Professor Reiter is an awesome professor. All the reviews here are accurate. He goes above and beyond for his students and will stop everything he is doing at home to assist you if need be. His tests are fair and he tries to keep lecture interesting. TAKE HIM. You won't regret it. You'll wish you could take more classes with him.
5.0 : Had him for Intermediate I. Really good professor and a cool guy. You will work hard, but he helps out and explains things so they make sense. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Reiter is an awesome prof. He really cares for his students. His tests are so easy if you pay attention in class. He makes sure to thoroughly review everything. All test questions come from the exam and over half your grade is attendance, homework (5 online questions weekly that are multiple choice), and a very easy group project.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. Really breaks down the material and makes it easy to digest. I wish we had more than just multiple choice questions on the tests as multiple choice question demand perfection and allow no room for partial credit. But Professor Reiter is awesome at making you perfect so it kinda balances out. Dont miss homework or preclass quizzes
4.0 : Reiter is the best Intermediate I Professor at Temple. He sets you up for success. Pay attention and participate in class and there's no reason you should leave his class with anything less than a B. He talks about his experiences in the accounting world and is always available if you need help. Tests are MC. Make sure you read and do your HW.
4.5 : Reiter is a very young professor, with that said he is very clear and if you go over the material he provides you will do good in his class. Recommended.
4.5 : His class is easy. He provides the notes, you read them. If you don't read them you won't pass the tests. You definitely do NOT need a textbook! In total there were 6 tests, one essay and a cumulative final. He is big on respect, so be on time, reply to emails etc.
5.0 : Test every 3 chapters, one essay, no real homework, pretty easy class. But more importantly He is a great human being. he is compassionate and always there if you need help with the material or with an industry question or really anything.
5.0 : great teacher! i wish he taught more undergrad classes! took him my first semester at temple and i learned so much from him! great first class here! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Professor Revell is down to earth and easy to get along with from a student perspective. Class is easy consisting of watching videos, reviewing PowerPoints, sharing personal stories that relate to social work, and completing group exercises. Also tests are open notebook! I would definitely suggest him to any undergraduate social work major!
5.0 : Great professor! I enjoyed his teaching method and his stories. He taught how to work with others better on assignments!
5.0 : I took risk with another professor and I failed, then I took it with her and it was a completely different experience. She will do anything for her students and will meet literally anytime. The tests are manageable and the quizzes are announced. She's one of the best professors I've had at temple. Take her for risk if you can
5.0 : Zimmaro is the BEST!!! Take another Risk professor and you might struggle. Trust me when I say she is very engaging and keeps your attention. She gives extra credit and isn't very strict. No book , just look over notes. She taught this class so well, I was ready to switch from HR to Risk! But you'll pass with at least a B. trust me!! Take her!!!!!!
4.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Temple.  Quizzes and tests are announced a not easy but can do well if you study the material.  Gives extra points if you consistently attend class.  Would highly recommend!!!
5.0 : I'm in Prof Zimarro's class now and I totally understand all the reviews below me. She gives extra credit, easy going and explains things crystal clear. As a non risk major I thought I would struggle especially being the class meets once a week, but she has a teaching style that keeps your interest.  Go to all classes and take notes. B or greater
5.0 : A very clear and kind professor, she is very passionate about the material and wants everybody to love risk management as much as her. Highly recommended, she made a difficult subject very easy to learn.
4.5 : Not a risk major and thought I would struggle. Zimmaro is great! She goes out of her way to get you to understand and easy going and understandable. . All you have to do is take notes and study them. No book needed. She appears intimidating but is an overall sweet lady. She will teach the class so well, you may consider a switch to Risk!
5.0 : She is fantastic. go to class take her notes and study them you will leave with an A. lot of extra credit opportunities. good luck all. god bless
1.0 : Tests are super hard. I'm not sure if these people have the wrong teacher but she is impossible. Temple has many RMI 2101 professors to choose from. I advise choosing an adjunct for this class. Don't make the same mistake as I did
5.0 : Great teacher the best way to learn the concept of risk management
5.0 : Excellent teacher! Go to all the classes and take notes (she doesn't do class capture) and you will have no problem with the tests. I don't think there is much of a need to read the textbook. Fairly light workload compared to the other business classes. There's also an extra 20 pts (about one letter grade increase) for good attendance.
5.0 : Zimmaro is a quality professor. If you attend class, do the homeworks and read the articles, her exams are very reasonable. She has great real life examples that make class time engaging.
5.0 : I did not like that class but she made it very easy to pass. She gives A LOT OF EXTRA CREDITS! Homework and Quizzes are easy. You can get extra credits there. The exams are kind of tough, but still easy to pass. She is nice and helps you if you need help!
5.0 : Professor Mueller is all I expect from a professor in a big University like Temple. She is dedicated, follows her guidelines, is very technical and makes sure the class is evolving. Art Direction is for students who want to grow and become a success in the field, and she allows for this to happens. Very professional and helpful.
4.5 : Kathy is one of my favorite professors, and I try to take her classes whenever possible! She is an extremely talented designer and knows her stuff - but she's also very good at explaining even the trickier topics. I took her Intermediate Digital Design Tools class, and I would highly recommend it to anyone in communications.
1.5 : She will not go out of her way to help a student with unfortunate circumstances. it's very hard to retain info, and it's extremely easy to become confused during her classes. When asked how to properly retain information from her lectures, and the best way to take notes she gave an, "I don't know" stressful assignments.
4.5 : Kathy knows her stuff, and expects a lot out of you.  If you're serious about your major, and there to learnput in effort, you will be fine.  She is willing to help students and has a ton of office hours.
2.0 : Taking her class right now and it is actually really annoying. She does not look at your project progression unless you go out of your way and try to talk to her. Which is almost impossible because there is a ton of people already trying to get feedback. Office hours don't work with everyones schedule. The worst part of her lectures is her voice.
5.0 : Agree 100% w. the 020712 Topics3000 review. Only kinda hard in that she was technical BUT it's for your own good! Teaches best practices, which no one else did. If you are on Art Track - take as many courses w K.M. possible. She gives great guidance and advice. Has MFA in graphic design so she REALLY knows her stuff. Learned so much from onlyher
5.0 : An awesome teacher who really tries to make the class as intersting as she can. She is super nice, really funny and is willing to help you with whatever you need. Overall a pretty easy class as long as you somewhat pay attention and take notes.
5.0 : Brooke is so great. She loves what she does and it really shows. She is caring and funny and there is only one hard paper but she helps everyone. Love her!
5.0 : As an international student, I learned a lot from Nick.
5.0 : Outstanding Professor.  My fav at Temple.  Only teaches in the fall.  Hilarious tax stories.
5.0 : He makes this class easy. Very helpful. Good at explaining things. Responds to emails promptly. Laid back. Gives partial credit. Nice guy.
5.0 : Professor Junikiewicz is a great teacher and one of my favorite so far! You will learn a lot of interesting stuff in his class and he is always there for you when you need help. As long as you put in the work, you should get a good grade in the class.
5.0 : He's one of my favorite professors! Take him for TAX!!!!! Amazing!!! You will get an A!
5.0 : Using some of Jake's vocab.. Honestly, he's such a rad teacher, makes use of derpyness when teaching and is hella helpful after classrecitation if you need. Not your typical teacher since he's young and fresh but certainly got some groovy teaching techniques. Participate in class, he will appreciate that. two words: HOTTIE PANTS. Drop mic
4.0 : Andrew Rodzon is perfect for this class. His classes are interesting and he's a cool guy.  His grading isn't too tough and he makes it clear what he wants you to know. The only complaint I can think of is that his pre-written notes don't have the best organization.
4.5 : Rodzon is an awesome professor,  but the only issue that I face is that he makes the coarse seems like it is more than 2 credits, his labs reports are hard if you did not understand them during the lab. The quizzes, midterm and final are cumulative. However, he is so helpful, and he gives advices for your future's job preparation.
5.0 : very good, awesome Professor! the best
4.0 : Professor Rodzon is a really cool guy. He makes this class really enjoyable. The downside is that he makes this class seem like its worth more than 2 credits. The lab reports are kinda tedious but, if you follow the directions its pretty straight forward. Professor Rodzon is also willing to help with professional development so keep that in mind.
5.0 : Really intelligent and nice guy. Gives partial credit on tests and problem sets. Really knows what he's talking about! He is one of the few professors that I can say I genuinely respect. No quizzes or homework and attendance isn't mandatory.
4.5 : He had very thorough PowerPoints and the problem sets helped to apply the knowledge. Although the information was dry at times, If I payed attention he was great at explaining it! I asked him questions after class often and he always made everything very clear! He is very nice also. He gives extra credit for attendance. Don't buy textbook!
5.0 : Great teacher. She's very helpful and compassionate towards her students. Russian 2 with her is more of the same thing as Russian 1. Quite a lot of homework and exams, but she is quite lenient on grading. Be prepared for a massive crunch time towards the end of the semester, with a barrage of quizzes, exams, orals, and homework. Highly recommend.
5.0 : I'm very happy I chose professor Meyerowitz for first year Russian.  She is a very kind professor and gives multiple chances if she sees that you are working hard.  If you are struggling I would suggest telling her as soon as possible since she will always attempt to find a way to help you.  Russian itself is a very difficult course.
4.0 : There was a test for every unit and quite a bit of homework. She's not very organized about the schedule and would frequently email us important documents at 11:00 the night before class. However, she is incredibly nice and very helpful, especially if you are having issues with the class. If you're able to dedicate the time, it's a great class.
4.0 : This is a tough course. It makes you analyze things you've probably never thought of in business situations. Make sure to go to Werther's office hours for feedback on the papers - he's always helpful in that time. He's a talker, so make sure to ask straight-to-the-point questions. Overall, Werther is a good choice for this class.
4.0 : He's an awesome teacher. He really knows what he's talking about and gives really good insight on the real world. Only complaint is that he doesn't have a clear grading rubric for the essays you have to write, but he doesn't want to see any of his students fail so he grades hard but it's fair. Didn't even buy the textbook.
5.0 : Knows his stuff. Keeps class interesting. Lots of real world experience. Grades hard but everyone does for this course. Take him if you get the chance
4.0 : Werther is awesome.  Real smart guy.  Lectures can get boring though and he loves talking about his Ph.D.  Fairly easy grader.  For 3103: Make sure you have a good capsim group!  For 4101: Easy one page concept papers, 2 individual cases, and 1 group case.  Super easy capstone.  It took us 5 weeks in the summer to get through everything. Take him
3.0 : So this guy is a little bit off. He tells the same story about how he Translated a German paper into English, and then some guy challenged his translation. He will tell you this every day. Every single. day. But other than the few quirks, he is very nice.
1.0 : One of the worst classes at Temple. Professor is arrogant, snobby and lazy. Gets irritated when asked for help. Online class had no content, 3 presentations and 2 papers. Professor constantly complained how much work he has.
5.0 : Best teacher at Temple for the classes he teaches.  Very tough, but very real.
4.0 : Lectures revolve around his personal real-life experiences, which can be interesting at times. Came off a bit intimidating at the beginning of the semester, but he's actually very laid-back and easy going. Grading is fair and offers good feedback, especially on papers. He wants his students to do well and is very honest.
3.0 : It's an okay class, and it's not really Andrew's fault that it's boring. Given the required material you have to learn, he does his best. Quizzes happen every 1-2 classes and you get three absences, so space them out carefully. As long as you study for like 20-30 minutes, you'll do just fine on each quiz. If not, he drops your lowest quiz grade.
5.0 : Andrew is a great teacher, especially for tech beginners! He was so chill throughout the class and jokes around a lot, yet is knowledge and good at getting topics across. Beware of sketchup!!! Otherwise, great/fun class. More engaging and interesting than Welcome Backstage since he get to really interact with all of the students. HIGHLY recommend!
4.0 : The class was really fun, and even though the play we had to design for was specific, he really lets you get creative with your designs. Good-hearted guy. Knows his stuff with techdesign. If he's not sure, he looks into and gets back to you with what he's learned. Quality teacher when it comes to technical and design aspects of theater.
4.0 : I did fairly well in Andrew's class and I really liked him as a professor. He gives quizzes for pretty much all the lectures he teaches (about 10-12 quizzes in total).  Be aware that for Welcome Backstage there is a 3 hour lab that can be very draining.
5.0 : One of the best professors you will ever take. He is not easy but he truly cares about his students. He will help you even after you graduate. He is really intimidating but by the middle of the semester he is the nicest professor.
5.0 : One of the best professors, I have taken in college. Professor Winfield will give you all the tools you need to be successful, all you need to do is put in the work.  The lessons he teaches you help far beyond the classroom. He will teach you to be a professional in business and really get you to think. I highly recommend taking him!
5.0 : Winfield is without a doubt one of my favorite professors I have had.  He gets the most out of every student he has.  He is the definition of a business professional and will prepare you for the business world.  He really does care about his students and will do what he can for you, if you put the work in.  Take his class, you will not regret it.
4.0 : Winfield is one of the best professors I've taken at Temple. You will not only learn to write better and present better, but you will also build confidence and learn to be a better business person. There is a lot of group work, readings, and few papers. If you are lazy and thinking of skipping class, do not take him, you will fail.
5.0 : Winfield will treat you like a professional and expect you to act like one.  You will get out what you put into his class.  If you are looking to coast, pick another professor.  Your writing and presentation skills will be sharped.  Reasonable amount of assignments.  He is a great guy once you show you aren't a slacker.
4.5 : Winfield has been one of my favorite professors at Temple.  He is NOT EASY, but he will tell you EXACTLY what you need to do to be successful.  By the end of the semester you will be a better writer, better speaker, and more confident. He has a lot of business experience and will gladly disperse that throughout the semester. Lazy? You'll fail.
5.0 : Winfield is one of the best Professors ever! He will scare the mess out of you on the first day of class, but don't be fooled. He is a gentle, kind soul that wants nothing more than for his students to succeed and for them to be prepared for the business world. Get those scars! You will leave his class with more confidence than you thought you had!
5.0 : Winfield is one of my favorite professor not only because he is funny but also he is extremely helpful. In addition, he is not like other professors, he actually teaches you something that you can apply them to the real life. However, he requires high quality work. If you are not going to work hard, he is not the professor for you.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had.  He will scare you to death in the beginning but do not drop his class! not doing so will be one of the best decisions you will make at temple.  He is strict but actually teaches and relates everything to real life examples.  After the first couple months the class is not very hard.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Temple. Makes you work for your grade, but it will make you a better, more employable person. Knows what he is talking about and will teach you how to be as successful as possible. Will 100% recommend.
5.0 : Winfield is the best Temple business teacher. He will scare the hell out of you in the first few weeks and then relax as long as the class participation stays at a high level. Do not come late. Do not miss an assignment. Do not make excuses. Volunteer on the first day and always ask questions. I highly recommend taking this class over any other.
5.0 : Easily the best and most influential professor of my college career! Apply yourself and get as many scars as possible. By no means is this class easy, nor is Winfield easy-going, but hang in there and you will not regret taking him.
4.0 : The class is unstructured in some way. Quizzes content were not taught when you took it, and you need to learn Capsim all by yourself in the beginning. But, He's teaching real business professional staff, take him, and learn from him. Like he said, learning from the scars.
5.0 : I never rated my professor but specially do it this time for professor Winfield. You won't want to miss him and you will love him! Grades heavily on Capsim (so work with your team) and writing/presentation. You need to make efforts to get A but class is enjoyable. He takes the whole class to dinner, cannot find another one who will do that!
5.0 : not just a professor, but a business professional. he will use his success in the business world to coach you on how to achieve yours. you'll get the most out of his class if you actually come prepared and willing to participate - you get out of it what you put into it. don't take if you're looking for an easy course. otherwise, highly recommend.
5.0 : Please don't take this class if you are not willing to put the effort and are not 100% committed to doing the work. But I promise you, taking this class will be the best decision you will make at Temple because you will be a more confident business person. He is one of the best professors I have ever had! Be prepared to speak, write, and present!
2.0 : Winfield did a bad job of facilitating the group project. I ended up having to drop because there were big problems with my group and he made these issues worse. He seems like a knowledgeable person, but this class was my worst experience at Temple. I strongly recommend that you take a different professor.
4.5 : Professor Winfield is by far one of the best experiences while being at Temple. He is someone who will encourage people to drop his class in the beginning to ensure the remaining students benefit from his class. He will not help you with capsim and will not debate grades, but he will tell you how to improve your scores and wants everyone to do well
5.0 : Great professor. Highly recommend taking his class. He will help improve your confidence and presentation skills.
5.0 : Prof. Winfield was able to make clear statements in our International Negotiation Skill class. He set up his class in a interactive and interesting way. The class was demanding and we had to read a lot, but tests were easy. The knowledge transfered is for sure applicable in daily business live and I can highly recommend this course.
5.0 : This man will have all the respect in the world for you if you just try. thats all you gotta do.  Be your best in that class and it will be a smooth ride.  Listen, don't use your phone, show up on time, and come prepared.  DO NOT SHOW UP LATE THE FIRST CLASS, HE'LL CALL YOU OUT IN FRONT OF EVERYONE. He scared me on day one and loved him by the end
5.0 : Winfield was by far the best professor I have taken at Temple.  He gives honest feedback on how you can improve yourself professionally (even if it comes off as harsh). He genuinely cares about the professional development of his students, but only the students that are actually willing to put the work in.  Highly recommend taking him if you can.
5.0 : Winfield is a great teacher who gives you the tools and skills necessary to get ahead in the working world. It doesn't matter what your major is, you WILL benefit from Winfield!! Not only will you learn practical business skills but you will also have fun doing it. Professor Winfield is a funny, engaging, and extremely intelligent. TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Taking Winfield right now. I really have enjoyed my semester. He clearly outlines his expectations at the beginning of the semester. It is your own fault if you do not follow them. You really do develop your skills in this class and Winfield gives you all the tools to succeed! Do not take any other professor for IBA. He is worth your investment.
5.0 : Winfield's class for Integrated Business Apps was the most beneficial class I've ever taken as an Undergrad. He teaches you real-life skills. The main focus in class are (group) presentations, CAPSIM, and life skills regarding business. Overall, he cares for his students so if you put forth the effort it will show in your grade. He is a MUST TAKE!
5.0 : Winfield's class is a real life course and he treats you like that. If you put in the effort into your papers and volunteer to present, he will give a fair grade. One of my favorite classes and he is willing to help any of his students out with interview skills. Definetely take his class!!
3.5 : Taking BA 3103 now.  Winfield's approach is a bit unorthodox, but in line with the "real world".  He's dedicated to developing  confident, successful "business athletes".  Not an easy A professor.  Ask for help when needed, do the work, apply his feedback, volunteer for extra credit, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Winfield will be your favorite professor at Temple, not just because of his business acumen, but because of how he integrates  the real world business with the class material.  His no-nonsense attitude may scare you off, but he is looking to only build you up as a better business-athlete. Trust me, you will regret not taking his class!
5.0 : Winfield is a very intelligent businessman that has been around the block a few times. You can learn a lot of life lessons from him. Now for the caveats: participation is key! Present at least once and get it over with early. READ THE FREAKING MANUAL FOR CAPSIM! Capsim is no joke take that seriously from the beginning. One of the best classes ever.
5.0 : Winfield, AKA "The Pitbull of Profits," is the man. Strives to make all of his students better business professionals. Best professor I have had at Temple University. Strongly advise anyone to take his course. A lifetime mentor.
4.0 : Mr. Winfield has honestly been one of the best professors I have taken at Temple.  He's a respectable man that truly wants to pass on his knowledge, takes his real world experience to teach you relevant business tools you can use in your future.  His class is very straight forward no tricks! I wish other professors would take on this teaching style
5.0 : Winfield is ABSOLUTELY the best business professor I have ever had at Temple. He is clear and concise and brings his real-world experience into the classroom to teach students to be "business athletes". He truly cares and wants every student to succeed and it shows. I want him to teach every single class at Temple
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR! He's not an 'academia', he's a business man. All of the reviews I read on here are very accurate. He's wonderful and scary at the same time. He really cares about his students and their success. Participate! Care about your schooling/career and you'll get an A. Winfield rocks.
4.0 : Want to be prepared for the real world? Take this class! He will treat you like an adult, and teach you USEFUL information and skills. TIPS: NEVER BE LATE/ABSENT, USE NO EXCUSES, ASK QUESTIONS IF YOUR AREN'T SURE, CLASS PROCEDURE IS THE BIBLE, READ CAPSIM MANUAL, VOLUNTEER, USE INTRO &amp; CONCLUSION, be "dos pasos adelante," siempre!!
5.0 : Winfield gives excellent feedback and will give you the confidence and skills to be a successful business person. He puts on a tough guy persona early on because he does not want slackers in his class, but he's actually very nice and reasonable. Expect to write a few short papers and give presentations with a group. Take him and volunteer!
5.0 : Winfield is a huge gent. Try to come off as intimidating in first class or so but is really cool and just want you to do well. Somewhat challenging, if you put in the time you can really benefit from this class and if you skip class and don't try you can still pass
1.5 : Winfield doesn't put any focus on the business simulation like other professors do, yet Capsim is 25% of your grade. His grading seems subjective as the criteria is not well-defined. Class time is congested with presentations. Basically, there's much better teachers for this course.
5.0 : Unfortunately this is his last semester here at Temple. I'm just sad to see him go. I honestly think he is one of the best professor at Temple. He really cares about students success, and does not waste anybody's time.
5.0 : Cares about his students. Great professor. Don't let him scare you the first class, his bark is worse than his bite.
4.0 : Very manageable work and Winfield doesn't waste your time with pointless assignments,  you can actually learn from his and better yourself.  All bite and no bark so don't worry if you feel intimidated about the first class, it'll pass, he just doesn't want people in it that aren't willing to work. You'll be happy you took this class with him.
4.5 : The second best professor I have ever had at Temple University. You will have such an advantage over other students by being in his classroom.
5.0 : He is the greatest  I have ever met in Fox, he will teach real life knowledge, and he cares every student! Make sure not to miss him if you can!!
5.0 : If you are or want to be serious about your career take this class. He will make your present, and for those of you who don't think you can get up there and present, DO IT ANYWAY! You have no idea what level of confidence you gain from doing so. I saw a lot of improvement in myself and those around me. That says a lot about the professor and class.
5.0 : Professor Winfield is an excellent professor for anyone who wants to become a successful business person. He teaches how to be an effective writer and presenter in a way you won't get from any other professor. He does an excellent job of focusing on what is important and not wasting time on anything that isn't. You won't regret taking Winfield.
4.0 : By far one of my favorite professors; he treats students like adults, he runs classes like business meetings.  He's very straight forward which helps you learn from your mistakes.  He really does care about his students.  If someone didn't do well or enjoy his class, it was because they weren't putting in the effort or they weren't mature enough.
4.0 : Expect to work on presenting skills.  May come off as harsh, but he will teach you how to present well and become comfortable in front of people.  Do not be the one to sit there and not participate.  Volunteer to present for extra credit, it will be worth it in the end.  Work load isn't too much and if you follow directions, he grades easy.
5.0 : Winfield is a very unique professor. He's going to challenge you the entire course but you will leave the course a better writer, speaker, and business professional. Do not be intimidated by him, he is only pushing you to your fullest potential. Must take professor.
5.0 : Winfield is the best professor I've had at Temple. He's a business man not an academic and he will truly prepare you for the real world. He may be intimidating at first, but he's the nicest professor I've had and really cares about each students success. He makes you a great writer and presenter. You will regret not taking him.
1.0 : Winfield is a fantastic professor, unless you have a disagreement with him. If you have a disagreement with him, all "professionalism" he claims to portray flies out the window because he will do his best to embarrass you. I had a lot of respect for this professor until he disrespected me. Otherwise, I would recommend him.
5.0 : Winfield set clear expectations on the first day of the semester. It is clear he truly cares about the development of students. Focusing on refining communication skills both written and verbal, presentation skills, and critical thinking. Winfield has been one of my favorite professors I have had at Temple University.
5.0 : He is the best in the business. Sets clear goals and expectations. Teach you what you need to do to be successful in your career. He will make you a better business professional. I was lucky to be in his last class at temple. Go professor Winfield. Really nice guy too.
5.0 : By far the best professor I have ever had at Temple University. Will teach you more about preparing for the real world than any other teacher you will encounter. This class is not a cake walk, so do not waste his time if you aren't prepared to work. He may be intimidating at first, but he will shape you into a true business professional. Must take!
4.0 : Harsh grader in terms of presentation. One mistake in your team of six really hurts your grade. Other than that he is a nice guy and teaches you information that will actually be useful in life. If you say "um" a lot during your presentations be prepared to be called out for it until you stop!
4.5 : Be prepared for a lot of long, challenging readings (and no wiki summaries to save you). Not easy material, but his lectures are clear-- he's very intelligent and obviously knows his stuff. One of the TUJ profs I truly respect. Really glad I took this class. He helps if you ask, but I felt kinda bad since he was so busy during my sem :
5.0 : I"ve taken Kyle both in his Youth Cultures class and Ideology class and they are pretty similar. He is super passionate about the topics covered and teaches topics that are actually interesting and engaging. He has pop quizzes but is pretty good at giving a heads up- but if he does warn you make sure you read!
3.0 : All of quizzes are pop-up, so if you miss class, you need to do some extra credit work. His lecture is very interesting, but there are tons of readings, so get ready for it. You'll have three pop up quizzes, one presentation and one big paper. You can't really talk to him outside class, because he is such a busy guy.
3.5 : History and Significance of Race in America for Kyle's class requires a lot of reading, and writing.  Expect to write a big 7-10 page minimum midterm, and final papers and 6 hours of readings per wk.  Kyle means well, but sometimes the class was extremely Left Wing PC to the point that it didn't make any logical sense. Also, Fair in grading papers.
5.0 : Great teacher. If you put in the work you'll do well. Very energetic and approachable. Participation matter and group work is very common. Awesome teacher, must take for 2096.
5.0 : you will read a lot and get assigned with a lot of homework but he is great!
4.0 : I've taken Professor Toth before and he is a very solid choice for Spanish. He is hilarious and tries to help his students as much as possible. There is a lot of homework but he pretty lenient with most of it. Be prepared to do group/partner work. Also, attendance is a big part of class so skipping isn't usually preferred. Would recommend.
3.5 : Conversational review is the class that really solidifies your Spanish grammar. He is tough because he wants you to learn. I struggled in the class but I went to him, talked to him on multiple occasions for help. I enjoyed it but be prepared to work hard for the language.
4.5 : Had him for Senior Seminar. His class was helpful as it gave insight to job searching, tips for interviews, resume writing, and more.
4.0 : Really funny guy. Refers to Kesha a lot. His entire class is power points. His exams are tricky to explain, they are more broad questions rather than detailed ones. Don't study too hard. He gives other things to make up for doing poorly on the exam. Wish he would have made the exams worth less than he did. I'd say take him, and he's really hot.
4.5 : Peterman is extremely knowledgeable in this topic and made everything that he taught very interesting. He has good stories from his experience in the field and they add a lot to the lectures.
5.0 : He was really passionate about the class which made it easy to learn. Tests were OK and there were opportunities to earn some extra points. Learned a lot, recommend taking him.
1.0 : Taking this guy right now and I can't emphasize how much I regret it. Horrible...
5.0 : Really enjoy the class. He's fair in grading, open note quizzes and dropped lowest grade. Class is interesting and entertaining, would recommend!
4.0 : Prof Kwon was a sweet and real professor. She loves what she teaches and takes interest in students personal lives. After one on one meetings about papers she would ask me what was going on in my life and it was so considerate and nice of her. Put effort into papers and participate in class.
5.0 : Probably took every class this guy taught. He always try to make the class interesting and gives out fun assignment that makes you think, but doesn't require too much time. There are no test, no papers (unless its screenwriting), as long as you do your best you will get an A. Just genuinely a cool guy and willing to help you if you ask.
5.0 : Bianco is one of the coolest film teachers. His classes are super laid back and he is very knowledgable about 3d animation. The projects are all pretty cool, I enjoyed doing them all. Before taking this class, I didn't think I was going to like it too much, but now I think 3d animation is awesome and want to continue to work with it in the future.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had and arguably one of the best around. Haven't had better. He's a master of screenwriting, a true artist, and an excellent teacher. Very creative, intelligent, and encourages deeper thinking. Most valuable course I've ever had. He knows what's good in film and media.
4.5 : Nice guy, meets with you easily. Class requires some work, but it is minimal. (Readings and response papers) Tests are fairly easy and are take-home. Approachable and easy on the eyes.
4.5 : Had him for intro to ethical theory. Nice guy.
5.0 : Dr. Gratis has changed my life for the better. She is like my mom at school. I have grown more in my voice lessons with her than I ever would have thought possible. She's always there for me whether it's because I need a hug and can stop by her office, or answering my texts at midnight. SHE IS QUEEN!
5.0 : John McVeigh is by far the best professor I have taken. He genuinely enjoys teaching Law and is very open of students' opinions and welcoming of participation. You will read a lot, but I have never learned so much in a class than I did with him. The biggest mistake you can make is not taking this class. He is a brilliant, kind and respected man.
4.0 : Professor McVeigh can seem tough and a little pretentious at first. However, later in the semester, you'll be able to realize his passion and care for his students. The material itself can be challenging, but Professor McVeigh makes it easier for you to understand by giving hilarious, and interesting personal experiences from cases .Take him!
5.0 : Best professor I've had at temple. A must for legal studies. Actual lawyer who cares about his students and makes his lectures interesting. Be prepared to get called on in class, he gets everyone involved. Cares more about his students actually learning the material than just grades and tests. If you're taking legal studies McVeigh is a must.
4.0 : Good class, a lot of group work, quizzes are pretty easy, and tests can be sort of challenging. Overall great Professor, would take again.
4.0 : Ok, so the class is "easy" but don't be fooled. Midterm and final are the same. Do the readings, and the tests are bluebooks. If you dont read and dont take notes, you will not get a good grade.
4.0 : Professor Davis was a really caring and genuine guy when it came to his students. I think overall he taught the course well. You'll have weekly reading assignments and discuss them in class and take notes. Show up or you wont do well on his in class quizzes (he drops the lowest 2) and you wont do well on midterm/final. Would take him again.
4.0 : Kinda a lot of work for a gen ed, but if you participate in discussion and act like you care, you'll get an A. Skimmed most of the reading but was able to talk during class. Huge group project with like 15 people but it's manageable. Richardson is a cool professor though. Not the easiest not the hardest gen ed.
2.0 : This professor seemed to care about the material, and the students, and I think every went easy on grading, but this class caused a lot of unnecessary stress. The professor forgot to give the quizzes described in the syllabus, and instead decided to make the final exam, a 50 point test, worth 50 percent of our grades. This caused a ton of panic
5.0 : Prof. Richardson is a straight up theatrical genius. He forces you to get out of your comfort zone and get down and dirty like an actor would. He rarely answers emails though. However, going through his class creates an amazing amount of camaraderie with your classmates, and it's the most fun you'll experience in a class setting ever.
4.5 : She is a very nice lady, so youthful and understanding. Aside from being very helpful in the classroom she is also helpful when it comes to things that could keep you away from class for a few days. Homework submissions online every week which is a bonus, you should be a pretty good writer if you're going to take this class.
5.0 : Danielle is amazing. She facilitates good class discussions and is engaging and thoroughly interested in the material. This is a writing-intensive course, so there are weekly reading journals and no tests-- only 3 research papers. She's a tough but fair grader and if you take her feedback your writing is sure to improve. Take her if you can!
5.0 : Danielle is the BEST! She has high expectations, but she really cares about her students and wants us to do well. I learned a lot in her class; she's basically a human encyclopedia. Also, my writing improved a lot after taking her class bc she gives excellent feedback on writing assignments. Her lectures are also really engaging. TAKE HER!
5.0 : Danielle may be the best professor I've had at Temple. She cares, she's an amazing lecturer, she picks out super relevant and interesting readings you actually enjoy, and her class is a great way to find our if global studies is for you or not. It is a writing-intensive course, so expect to be graded harshly on style and grammar.
5.0 : Danielle is a great professor. She is extremely knowledgable about global studies. She is a tough grader but made me a much better writer thanks to her thorough and insightful comments. I always wanted to go to class and left feeling fulfilled yet challenged. Highly recommend her course. Be prepared to work hard on the papers.
3.5 : O'Rourke's a good guy. Really wants everyone to pass and basically scares people into thinking they are going to fail if they skip class (he's not wrong). He doesn't do a whole lot of examples but he does go through the powerpoints and is willing to help you out. His TA is very helpful.
4.0 : He's a great professor, understandable and understanding. The material isn't easy but, go to him or his student assistant for help, don't be afraid to ask for help.
5.0 : He is very good at what he does. He is approachable, and available to you outside of class. He explains the PowerPoints very well, and makes it very clear to you that you have to put in the work to pass the course. He does not set the criteria, but he will help in every way that he can. You are not required to show up to class, but unless you are a genius with this subject, I strongly suggest that you do, because some things you cannot get out of the book! He is a good professor, and I would take a course with him again!!!
4.5 : She was alright.... Talked a lot about homosexuals and was so liberal.
1.5 : If you go to her before essays, she'll tell you your stuff is good and then not grade it the same way afterwards. The discussions on all the readings are super prolonged and unnecessary. You need to participate otherwise you're screwed. Good luck I hated it, if you have options don't go with this one.
5.0 : Although the discussion of the books are long, they helped me write the essays. I didn't read but I did well on the essays because of the discussions. The class was well organized and she utilized different media well. She gives good feedback on the essays so it helps with the portfolio that is due at the end of the semester.
4.5 : Super nice lady, very quiet, and understanding. Don't fall asleep in class though.
4.5 : Discussion is a huge part of class, which really helps with papers. Go to office hours and she'll tell you what to fix (get a 93/95 vs an 85). About 4 informal 1-2 page writing hw's besides the 3 papers. The class wasn't all that exciting but that's likely most English classes. Overall, a very nice and engaging professor who I'd probably take again
5.0 : Kathryn is one of the best English teacher here at Temple.  She is very approachable. We studied three novels during the semester. She is very helpful and revise your paper many times you want. I would definitely take her again. Her class is interactive and the materials are very interesting. You will learn a lot of from her course.
4.0 : GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS AND GET YOUR PAPER CHECKED!  She will tell you exactly what she wants for you to get an A and if you do that you will get an A!  Show up to class and participate at least once or twice a class as this is a discussion based class.  She will never put you on the spot so if you forget to do a reading don't sweat it.
1.5 : Kathryn Ionata is by far the worst English 802 professor i've encountered at Temple University. She is not helpful at all and she is an extremely hard grader. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. She will give you a C- when you deserve a B+ based on how much you're on your phone during class. Seriously don't take this class.
5.0 : Professor Zigarelli is a very humble man. He jokes around with his students and makes class discussion interesting. He is quick to respond to emails. Not recommended to cut his class. He is a great professor. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Best prof,hands down!I goofed off a ton with friends,but we were the most outgoing and talkative for discussions.BIG HELP!He breaks down ideas and helps you write in a whole new way.I wish I could have had him all throughout college!He even sent a final email telling me how much I improved and how enjoyed my final paper.Great guy,verydown to earth
4.0 : Racine is really nice. The class isn't that hard and the readings aren't too long. There are quizzes on each reading so make sure you read or at least skim. Grades are flexible and he gives good feedback on drafts.  He's pretty open when it comes to office hours so if you need additional assistance he'll be there. All around good prof.
5.0 : He's quite an interesting individual. I like that he always have time after class so that you can get  one-on-one time with him to talk about papers or whatever. He is chill. Talks a lot but very clear content when explaining a piece. He provides multiple perspectives and I quite like that.
5.0 : She is awesome. She makes the class interesting and takes everything that you say into consideration. Minimal reading, 3 papers compiled into a portfolio at the end of the semester. She is so sweet and kind. Definitely take her if possible!
5.0 : I learned so much! His classes are really fun, but you still learn a ton. You can tell he really cares about his students and gives them a ton of time and attention. He is one of the best language teachers I've had at Temple.
5.0 : Brendan is an awesome teacher! He is so funny and is very personal. He makes jokes all the time and is willing to help you and meet with you outside of class if you have questions or need help with something. I am mad that he can not teach higher spanish classes because I want to take him again! Also, he is nice to look at!
5.0 : Brendan is awesome! He is a great professor. He is very helpful and is also very funny. He makes jokes all the time and is very personal with his students. He actually cares about his students and how much they are learning. Also, he is nice to look at and that always is helpful!
5.0 : Brendan is extremely helpful. He knows like 5 languages and he's really cool. He helps you whenever you need it and he grades easily. As for Portuguese, just pay attention and study and it is an easy A. You have to put forth some effort though.
5.0 : Brendan is Great in every aspect!
5.0 : Brendan is a graduate student so he knows his students very well. The homework is easy and he grades easily. You will get an A if you show up and do the work. He sends out emails to remind you to do your homework and he is very approachable. He knows multiple languages like Italian, Spanish, and Portuguese. I highly recommend Brendan.
4.0 : He is honestly a really cool guy. Very helpful and respected
5.0 : Brendan is literally amazing!!!! Take him if you have the chance!
3.0 : I took this prof for Spanish 3003 and that was a mistake. he lectures a lot on the material but it's rather pointless as he rushes through stuff so quickly. His quizzes in class are the worst as they are rather vague as he takes points off of quiz for smallest of things. There is also a final exam and a final project.
4.5 : good class, kinda tough grader but will help u out. lots of homework.
5.0 : Brendan is the most incredible professor I ever had.  His teaching is very effective and you will learn a lot.  He is incredibly talented at learning languages but he also knows the struggle of how hard it is to learn a different language, so he completely cares about you as a student and as a person, which you don't find in most professors.
4.0 : Great professor and knows what he's talking about in regards to story telling and writing overall. Gives great feedback and thats good because it shows that he's reading your work. Best part of the class is when you go over each others scripts and hear your characters come alive.
5.0 : Dr. Ryan was by far the best professor I had at Temple University. It is a disservice to graduate without taking one of his classes! Our class began with a lecture on the day's topic and followed by a lively class discussion. Our weekly film selections were varied, enjoyable, and unseen by most FMA students-- not to mention ripe for analysis.
4.5 : One of the best class I have taken in Temple! Great choice of screening films and great lecture. Just do you homework and you will get an A.
5.0 : Ryan is an incredible teacher. Very passionate and gets everyone in class engaged.  He wrote the course's book, it's helpful and well written. This class helped me understand framing and composition more than any other.
5.0 : Great professor.  Makes class discussions interesting.  Very fair.  Wrote the textbook for the course.  Super choice of films.  You will learn a lot about cinematography.  All in all a great experience.  One of the best classes I've taken.
4.5 : this class is eyeopening! aaron love is a well-spoken professor who cares about his students. i would definitely take his class again! he brings humor and generates great discussions! the work is minimal!
3.5 : Cool guy. Not an easy A, but you only have one test and you can get a B without much effort. He really cares about his students and wants them to learn.
5.0 : Dr. Love is very knowledgable about the subjects. He has reading packets usually once a week. If you show up and take notes you will be fine. Participation is encouraged, and if you do not do the readings you will be lost in the lectures, tests, and papers.
4.0 : Waxler became one of my favorite teachers. He helps you if you go to his office hours. Makes the material really interesting. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing professor! He makes learning statistics really fun and simplifies the material greatly for students to make it easier to understand. Even though he doesn't take attendance for lectures, make sure to attend because he's much more clear than the book. Tests aren't difficult if you pay attention since he gives you the formulas.
5.0 : Take him for Cognitive Neuroscience. Came into the class not liking the subject, but he is an amazing teacher and is super passionate about the subject, so I learned to love it. He explains things really well, so definitely go to class and read when you don't understand, but having the book is not mandatory.
3.5 : I like Prof Waxler's personality but the class is the hardest I've ever taken! I understood the material but his test were really difficult. Go to him or his assistants for help! Cognitive neuroscience is NOT easy but his personality kept me attending class.
5.0 : As a Freshman I was nervous to take Cognitive Neuroscience, but he made it really enjoyable. You have to pay attention in class and take good notes, but it was easy to do with such an interesting professor. A lot of kids have low grades because the class is hard but he makes it as enjoyable and informative as possible. Absolutely recommend .
3.5 : He's real cool guy with a sense of humor. The average for the first test was a 70, the second test was a 71, and the third test we just took is a 60. This is the hardest class I've ever taken. I even attend review sessions and it seems nothing is working. I like him because he's funny but not this course.
4.5 : I took Professor Waxler for Cognitive Neuroscience &amp; it was the best decision i ever made. He is extremely educated in the subject making lectures very easy to follow. He doesn't take attendance but you NEED to go to class &amp; take good notes. Theres 4 exams &amp; a final so its a pretty straight forward class. I would definitely recommend taking him.
5.0 : I had Professor Waxler for Cognitive Neuroscience and he is one of the coolest guys ever! He is really clear when presenting information to you but be warned that you will go home and think you get the material but realize that you need to study more on your own.  I heavily recommend going to class or you will be very lost.
4.0 : Waxler is very professional and outlines his grading thoroughly. Took him for Stat and Advanced stat and he made the subject very easy to understand. He really takes the time to break down concepts and the assignments are frequent but help a lot. Great class for someone who thinks they aren't good at math.
4.0 : I thought Prof. Waxler was a great, he did a good job of explaining the material and giving examples to help students better understand the material. I think the thing that can be challenging is he only grades you on 4 tests throughout the semester. Overall though, I thought he was great and would take one of his classes again.
5.0 : Had him for CogNeuro, 10/10 recommend. He managed to break the material down and make it accessible and easy to learn and digest. The best thing you can do is show up to his lectures and take good notes . He's got a great personality and makes the lectures a really enjoyable experience - I'm definitely taking more of his classes next year.
1.5 : Hard grader. NO EXTRA CREDIT. Not helpful at all. Must read to get a better understanding.4 tests, 50  questions.          Would NOT recommend taking.
3.0 : Dr. waxler is a very GOOD instructor. Exam may seem easy, but can be TRICKY at few spots. I would say READING TEXTBOOK is a must. NO EXTRA CREDIT. Attending lecture is must because he goes through things not given in textbook and likely to be asked in exam. Make sure you take GOOD LECTURE NOTES to succeed in this class. Work smart, and not hard
4.0 : Loved this class!! He is very passionate about what he teaches. If you go to every class and take notes you should get a decent grade in the class. I recorded the lecture and his TA offers review sessions.
5.0 : I had Professor Waxler for both Cognitive Neuro and Advanced Undergrad Stats. Professor Waxler's clear and well-organized lectures, ability to answer students' questions, extremely thorough covering of topics, and humor make him an incredible professor and one of my all-time favorite professors. I highly recommend Professor Waxler and his classes!
2.0 : hard tests
4.0 : In my opinion I didn't think his tests were that bad. If you listen to his lectures and take good notes I think it would be good enough to pass. I use the textbook more as a reinforcer. His test questions aren't really a surprise. The answers can be found in his slides/lecture if you study them.
5.0 : Brilliant guy, super helpful and quirky!
4.5 : Waxler is very clear in his lectures, so tests are very straight forward.  If you pay attention, it is easy to do well.  Also he can be pretty funny.
4.0 : Waxler is clear in how he explains the material. He makes a statistics night class interesting; he has a great personality. He explains everything so well that it is very easy to follow along. There is hw graded for completion, but it is actually very helpful to practice and there's never too much. Tests are hard, only 25 pts so any deduction hurts
5.0 : His lectures are awesome. No boring lectures as long as you're interested in the topic. His exams are not hard but some stuff are from his lectures, not written in slides or in the book so you will get an A as long as you study and attend lectures
5.0 : Dr. Waxler is fantastic! He makes cog neuro lectures so interesting. He's very friendly and approachable, and he's patient and helpful when people have questions in class. He's hilarious and absolutely brilliant. However, it's definitely necessary to study on your own! Keep up with the chapter and go to him if there's anything you don't understand!
5.0 : Prof Waxler is awesome! He is super thorough (he literally teaches up till the last second) and explains things well.  Don't expect to not work in his class though.  As long as you put in the effort, you'll do well. Highly recommend him!!!!
4.5 : He's a straightforward professor. His lectures are clear and he'll answer your questions. For tests, no surprises! Whatever he covers in lecture and whatever he tells you to focus on is what will be on the test. Sometimes his wording is a little confusing though. Doesn't do extra credit so how well you do is solely up to you. No curves, usually.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have ever taken. I dread at the very thought of math but Waxler was able to make stat both understandable and painless to do. Im not sure why other people are saying the text is a must. I haven't opened the book since the first week of class and I have found the lectures plenty enough to get A's on test
5.0 : This is the first class I ever found myself excited to attend. Professor Waxler presents the material very clearly and thoroughly. He is patient and helpful while answering students' questions. His tests are straightforward, however it's very important to pay close attention and take notes in lecture. I highly recommend this class and instructor!
4.0 : He is a good professor, but definitely go to the lectures even though they aren't mandatory. His notes help you study for the tests. Lab is mandatory, your grade will suffer if you don't go. Your grade is almost entirely dependent on your tests which i'll be honest are hard. There is a lot of short answers so study the main concepts.
4.0 : Great professor, knows the material very well, very helpful too. Grade based on 4 tests, not that hard but leaves little room for error so keep up with the material. Not a psych or neuro major, took as a free elective. Was very interesting and Waxler made it pretty easy. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Prof Waxler makes tuition worth every penny! He is a truly inspirational professor who embodies what every professor should strive to be. Sure his classes are difficult but that's what make them so worthwhile. He is always able and willing to answer your question or review with you before an exam. For a fulfilling college experience take his class!
3.0 : He is a nice person and explains well but it is the most difficult class I have ever taken. It is only 4 difficult exams 25% each, so if you don't do well in the beginning it is impossible to catch up or get a good grade. I think going to his office is not useful or his review sessions. Study hard and go to every lecture or you wont pass.
5.0 : Great professor.  He makes you work hard and you learn a lot.  But he makes it really enjoyable
5.0 : Clearly tells you what you need to study. Guided notes help. He's willing to help you if you need it. Overall interesting class.
5.0 : Matt's class is mostly lecture with some discussion but it's really interesting and I learned so much. 5 discussion questions every week based on the reading that are mostly graded on completeness, one paper at the end, a presentation, and 4 quizzes. Attendance is mandatory but I always wanted to go. Such a nice guy and knows so much! Take him!!!
5.0 : Professor Shellhorse is one of the most influential teachers I've ever had in my entire educational career. His enthusiasm and passion for learning in the classroom is absolutely inspirational. His multimedia class is saturated with historical literature, amazing films, incredible music, intriguing culture, and the power of language.
5.0 : I lOVE Dr. Sadeghi.  She is incredibly passionate about what she is teaching, and she makes every class really interesting and inspiring. I would highly recommend taking her class.
5.0 : I highly recommend taking Professor Lengkeek. He is clearly passionate about what he is teaching, but also understands that it is just a GenEd. His class presents USEFUL. I feel like I got my money's worth out of his class. He makes you work but an A is achievable if you do the work and come to class. He always helps prepare you for the tests.
5.0 : Professor Lengkeek is a good guy. He's so nice and cares about his students. The class wasn't an easy A but it wasn't hard either. There was work but nothing that was too hard. I hate math but this class was cool and actually helpful for life. I highly recommend him!
4.0 : Mr. Lengkeek is a super cool guy, and his lectures are actually interesting. This class is useful for the real world, I took it to satisfy my QL gen ed. He's funny, and there are only 3 tests and the rest of the stuff is group work or small readings. Overall enjoyable class, and a great guy
4.5 : her quizlets were everything. it was basically just memorize over 1000 terms used for medical terminology.  the midterm and final are difficult - only hard part about the class. you only need to be in class when she has class activities which will count as class participation.
5.0 : Dr. Foley is probably the best professor you could ask for. She is always willing to help and truly cares about her students. I've had her for at least 5 classes and she is great! Extremely knowledgeable, energetic, making rather mundane courses interesting.
5.0 : She is overall a really good professor, very passionate about her work. Her exams are fair and gives very good studying guides. Definitely a nit picker when it comes to grading, attendance isn't mandatory but she gets really annoyed when people don't come to class.
5.0 : took her for med term. she was easy. attendance wasn't mandatory but she gave in class assignmetns that counted as credit but told you when it would be. two tests a sememester, 100 multiple choice. not hard if you study and she's really nice. taught the class well
5.0 : Dr. Bingenheimer is an extremely intelligent and caring professor. Although classes were occasionally dry, it is clear that he cares about the topic and does his best to keep it interesting. He is impressively knowledgeable, and seems to know everything about everything. He allows you to miss a lot of classes, but exams are difficult if you skip.
4.0 : He is so enthusiastic and it shows in his lectures. We were only graded on a few things but he was fairly lenient. Always happy to help and just generally a great professor.
3.0 : Although he is a very caring and knowledeable professor, be careful in choosing his class because religion is something not only hard but also boring. I am not someone who hate religion but reading ancient texts really put me down. There is not much homework but he requires to read and write a lot so, dont go for it unless you love religion.
4.0 : This class is easy, you just need remember the PPT he showed in class, the quiz questions are all from PPT. No homework. But he will give you quiz very week. The lectures are great. No phones during class AT ALL! you will feel like in high school again :) he tried his best to make this class interesting, i think it is fair to show some respect
5.0 : He's a kooky German dude who specializes in Buddhism. Class was fun and informative. Tests every 2 weeks on the material covered during the 2 weeks. The tests are short though, and if you study his slides you'll do fine. Calls on people in class for interaction and will call you out on using your phone or not paying attention during the lectures.
4.5 : Nick was amazing. He explained everything very clear cut.  He made sure he didn't move on unless everyone was clear on the material. Plus he's not hard on the eye so show up.
4.5 : Took him for POLS 0825. If you took statistics in high school, you can sleep through it. If not, he stills makes it extremely easy and goes through a million examples of everything. Great guy, would take again.
3.5 : Great teacher, super helpful and understandable.  Really willing to curve grades.  Class is so-so, probably wouldn't like it with a different professor.  He makes things super easy to understand.  Best professor yet.
5.0 : This professor is Awesome! A book is not required for his class, which is a PLUS. She focuses on challenging a student's mind and making them think "outside the box" I highly recommend her!
5.0 : Freakin Hot!!! One of the few classes I loved attending! Class discussions were awesome and she goes up and beyond to help you succeed in the class. Def would recommend her!!!
5.0 : shes the best her classes are well explained and she also goes through the material with you if you seem to be confused about something. she answers emails on the spot if you have any questions about a homework.
5.0 : Prof. Bryn Herschaff was an excellent teacher. Lectures were very engaging. Kept the class focused. After lectures shes lets us out. No need to keep you for the whole time if the lectures are done!!
5.0 : Luke is a FANTASTIC professor. He grades really easily if you listen to how he likes papers to be written. Minimal work. You really don't have to do any of the readings. Personable guy who is really passionate about the subject. Took it as a night class, would take this professor for every single class if it were possible.
4.5 : Highly recommend this professor for Business Ethics. He's passionate about the material and loves to engage the class in discussions. There are a couple of papers and a debate, but everything is pretty straightforward. The class is interesting and he is EXTREMELY helpful. He allowed me to take my midterm ON MY HONOR because I was out of town. TAKE
4.0 : Take this guy. You will not regret it. Three short papers, a debate, a brief weekly journal, and two exams. You can use your laptop for most of the exams and he gives you some of the questions ahead of time. Very generous grader.
5.0 : class is hard no matter who you take. its a common syllabus, but nelson is definitely more lenient with grading than other professors. 3 individual papers and 2 group papers(with presentation). COMPXM/CAPSIM sucks, but its inevitable so good luck. does give up to 2 percentage points of extra credit.
5.0 : Great professor and great person. I strongly recommend everyone taking this class.
1.5 : She's a pretty bad teacher to be honest she demands to much work for a one day a week class and she's a harsh grader. She was the person person who ever gave me a C in college. Stay away from Education for Liberation or any kind of class Reynolds teaches. And you'll be good
5.0 : Awesome professor (had her as an adjunct prof. at Lehigh). Really knows what she's talking about, open to students' opinions, really gets you thinking. Easy grading as long as you do the work. Gives great feedback, just participate.
4.0 : Taylor is a great! She is really easy and most people receive an A. Its not a very hard class and she gives plenty of extra credit. She is helpful and willing to work with you to make sure you get the best grade possible.   She is also a complete Babe.
3.5 : If you don't like giving your opinion stay far away. Entire class is structured as an opinion piece. Opinion questions on tests. Opinion essays on documentaries. Your opinion on lectures is your participation... it isn't bad but after awhile you run out of things to say. Otherwise, really easy A- I didn't even have to watch lectures to participate.
5.0 : Awesome teacher wish I could have taken class with her this year again. Wears cool outfits too.
4.0 : She is SO smart and it shows. I follow politics/current events so I was always in tune with discussion but I would avoid this class if you aren't interested in poly-sci. She is a typical poly-sci professor, meaning she grades papers way too hard and assigns enormous amounts of dense readings. She is new to teaching this class and so far its only ok
4.5 : This guy knows his stuff! He really takes the time to make sure you are doing ok. People definitely over hyped how difficult Grant Writing was going to be. It's a lot of writing, but he breaks it down into parts and tells you exactly what goes in them. The only annoying things are the small group assignments. I'm not a fan of busy work.
5.0 : Professor Watts is one of the most intelligent men I have ever met, a very eloquent speaker. He will help you with any problem whether it's in the class or not. Utilize his office hours because he will carefully work through everything with you.
4.0 : English 802 isn't fun but Professor Robinson is a solid teacher. He's big on attendance but the entire class is spent discussing readings given as homework. You're given a 5 page article at most to read outside of class and assigned 3 essays for the entire semester. The class is cake.
5.0 : Very personable and gives great feedback on papers. Interesting speaker and one of my favorite professors this semester. Definitely take his class if you have the chance.
5.0 : This class was required but I am glad I took it with Professor Robinson. He's a flexible teacher who really wants his students to succeed and overall learn how to write better papers. He gives good feedback, even requiring a session with him after your first paper (there is 3 total) where he breaks down his feedback. Would love to have him again!
5.0 : Easiest A you can possibly imagine. (He doesn't believe in grading). You will learn a lot from this class though. Leads very open class discussions for 90 minutes a week and you're done. Also this isn't a class where a bias is forced down your throat, very insightful and interesting discussions. Also the funniest professor at Temple.
5.0 : Took him twice.. both As. Great guy. What are you waiting for?! Snatch a seat in his class!
5.0 : Definitely an easy GPA booster. Easiest classes I've taken since middle school and also pretty entertaining and informative. I didn't like "Black Males in the City" as much as "Schools in the City" but that would be due to personal interests rather than the subject matter. Crazy (in a good way) guy.
5.0 : He was very funny and down to earth. He made it fun coming to class and was very precise with assignments. No exams. I would recommend this course to anyone.
5.0 : Dr. Gholson is a great professor ! if you need an easy class this IS THE ONE TO TAKE! He brings in guest speakers through out the semester to keep it more interesting. He is  very sincere, keeps it 'real' and as long as you respect him you're good to go! I loved him, i'm taking him again for a second semester because he is just a GREAT PROFESSOR .
5.0 : Gholson's classes are the easiest way to boost your GPA (he even says so in class). As long as you show up, do your weekly assignment, and give feedback based on what you learned, you're guaranteed to get an A. He is super entertaining and easy to listen to/interact with. I've already taken him twice, and it's been a great experience both times.
5.0 : Best professor at Temple. Funny and engaging, Prof Gholson's class is  very open and informative. Not only is it an easy A, you get a lot of from the course. MUST TAKE
4.0 : YOOOOO Miss Lawrence if you see this its homie Jack from AIM and us AIMers miss you
4.0 : Definitely recommend.  I've heard horror stories about other Human Sexuality classes but Professor Stewart is extremely comfortable teaching the class and makes everyone else comfortable in turn.  Pay attention and you'll be alright.
5.0 : Professor Stewart is my favorite professor I've had at Temple. She's a great teacher and makes Human Sexuality really interesting. She's super nice and relaxed. I would highly recommend!
5.0 : Prof. Stewart is the best! Quizzes every week but they are right from the slides. Gives out study guides for exams. Very clear with the material and approachable. She is a great professor and an awesome person! Take her!
4.5 : She's not only a great teacher but she is one of the most down to earth professor's at Temple University. She tries to have all her students succeed and have fun while they are learning. This is an easy A class and is enjoyable to be in because she makes it relaxed. There's never homework and weekly quizzes but they are directly from the powerpoint
5.0 : Professor Carson creates a warm, and welcoming atmosphere in the classroom.  Professor Carson is incredibly funny and always manages to keep class interesting by making jokes and adding humor to all possible topics.
4.5 : Lee is an interesting and knowledgeable instructor. He wants to make sure you "get it". You can see this in the comments and feedback he gives on papers and in his grading.
4.0 : Clear, concise and helps you, as a student, explore your thoughts about society.
5.0 : Took Lee's classes for 2 semesters and loved every bit of it. Great teacher, very real. Great practical advice and insight for when we enter into the field professionally.  GreT sense of humor, I would hang out with him outside of class.
4.5 : Professor Carson is really good at providing feedback.  You would think that teacher's skip over sections when a paper is 50 pages long but not Professor Carson.  He gave feedback throughout the whole paper which showed he read the whole assignment.
5.0 : Prof Lee rocks! Super awesome professor who is super knowledgable and friendly! If you have a chance, definitely do not hesitate to take his class. You will learn the material and enjoy the class at the same time. He also is in the field, therefore he is real, supportive, and understands how to actually link course content with reality.
4.0 : Professor Lee understand that his course requires lots of writing and he always gives samples of previous work as a guide so you will not be completely lost. It will be nice if he assigns number out of which a group is formed rather than let people form their own group.
5.0 : Great Guy!
5.0 : Lee is great! I definitely recommend him, he is understanding, compassionate, skilled, proficient and all of the above.
3.5 : Great information.  Lots of long group assignments.
5.0 : He is a wonderful professor. He gives good feed back &amp; is a fair grader. I would take any class he offers
5.0 : Lee is one of my favorite professors I have had in the program. The practice &amp; delivery course II course syllabus was not written by him, but he made the intense course manageable. This is one professor that will work with you to clarify assignments and material. His classes were never boring and had guest speakers. I wish he taught more courses!
5.0 : I've been fortunate enough to have Professor Carson twice. I had some very hard times in my personal life while taking both his courses, but each time he worked with me and made things as stress free for me as possible. He is very engaging and personable which makes him easy to relate to and makes his lectures interesting.
5.0 : Professor Lee is awesome. Don't hesitate to take him. He works hard to make the class interesting. The best Professor I've had so far. The work load is intense but that is from the class requirements, not him. Don't procrastinate in this class or it will come back to haunt you.
4.5 : Lee is a great professor, his love for teaching is demonstrated in the classroom. Lee is responsive to student concerns even when they may seem trivial. Had Lee for both part 1 and 2 of practice and have recommended other students enroll in Lee's section. Lee is simply a great professor. After 8 hours at work I wanted to attend class!
5.0 : Lee is one of my favorite professors I have taken in the program. He really cares about his students.  His lectures are engaging. He's very down-to-earth, and cracks jokes a lot.  He's the kind of professor that when it's time to get work down, he's all business, but he also leaves time for fun and conversation
5.0 : Good professor especially for those with an interest in macro practice. Engaging and fits class material to real life
5.0 : Lee is a great professor! He is passionate about teaching which makes the learning environment dynamic and fun.  You will write a lot but  he gives you good feedback on your assignments.  If you are having any doubts, get rid of them and take his class!
5.0 : Lee is a great teacher! I highly recommend him!
5.0 : HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Lee is a great professor - very friendly and positive; always willing to help. The coursework can be time consuming but he makes it manageable and wants you to succeed! Brings in great guest speakers too!
5.0 : Professor Carson class was wonderful. He was available whenever questions were raised and explained things in such detail, that there was little room for confusion. He is pretty hands on and extremely supportive! He does take cultural sensitivity very serious and advocate for mutual respect in fairness for everyone. He is realistic and easy going.
5.0 : Professor Lee is great. He is very interesting and makes dry material like theory not as tough to get through. He will answer any questions that you have for him. He also brings in guest speakers which allows you to see social work in practice. He gives you helpful feedback on your papers so that you can improve the next ones. I would recommend him
5.0 : Highly recommended! I'm taking him again, so you know he is great! Seriously if you want to improve your writing skills take Carson.
5.0 : LOVED Lee! I was totally dreading another summer class and was pleasantly surprised! Lee is extremely well-rounded in terms of work experience - from research to the HIV population to LGBTQ and clinical skills. Great class! I highly recommend Lee and would definitely take his class again!
5.0 : Great great class! I appreciated that the professor used videos and speakers to supplement or readings and lectures. I really appreciated the time he took to provide feedback about our writing in assignments. It was very helpful. I loved that he has knowledge of current trends and he made the class interesting for us.
4.5 : Professor Carson was/is the most challenging Professor I've had at Temple, yet he is also the most engaging, understanding, and most genuinely interested/interesting Professor I have experienced thus far. Class seemed like a roundtable discussion on Health/Mental health HBSE and I believe I learned the most under Professor Carson. I give him an A+!
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking this class with Professor Carson.  I appreciated the challenge of the work assigned and I equally appreciated his helpfulness.  He made class interesting with videos and guest speakers.  He led great class discussions and has a good sense of humor.  It was a pleasure to be one of his students.
4.5 : Should be full time.
5.0 : Great Professor!! Lectures are clear, interesting and engaging.  Has relevant experiences that he easily includes to provide practical and concrete examples of clinical skills.  Assignments are clear and grading is fair.  Would definitely take again.
4.5 : Great Professor! I am happy to be taking him again next semester. I did not find the work to be difficult but it was time consuming. Also, he is hilarious! I love a Professor that does not take themselves too seriously. Makes class so much more enjoyable. Also, he had a good mix of discussion and lecture.
4.0 : So glad I took this course with Lee!
5.0 : My only complaint is that the structure of his class inherently necessitated the application of knowledge in a group project that was sometimes taught earlier in the same class period.
4.0 : Professor is a great teacher. This is my second course with him. I would definitely take him for another course. He is very popular among students, as he brings humor to the class and the discussion. Professor is also very conscious about the demands it takes to be a student, he is very understanding and willing to help his students.
4.5 : Lee is a great professor and if you have the chance you should definitely take him. You will learn a great deal.
4.5 : This professor was very engaging and relatable. He was very supportive, knowledgeable and effective with his teachings. I look forward to more courses with this professor.
4.5 : Great use of local historical and current events to discuss social work at the macro level but also illustrates the importance of understanding individuals from their environmental/cultural context at the micro level. Dynamic personality, lectures were never dull and mundane. Great use of humor. Genuine concern for students and their progress.
5.0 : Professor Carson gave us a great look into what the practice of Social Work may look like for those of us interested in dIre the clinical work.  I am excited about taking Practice 2 with him next semester.
4.0 : Lee was a great professor. Willing to give extra credit. The course was interesting and dyads were helpful.
4.0 : Professor Carson makes himself available to provide feedback on assignments prior to them being turned in. He brings the text readings to the here and now by sharing his experiences and practices he uses to service his clientele. Professor Carson is also willing to learn from his students, which is a great quality.
5.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed Lee's class and actually feel bad for those who have taken this course with other instructors. His sense of humor is much appreciated during such a stressful semester and he makes himself very available for those who are having any kind of difficulty. I'm looking forward to having him again next semester!
5.0 : I enjoyed his class. He provides a lot of humor which makes the evening class enjoyable after a long day of work. He is there for his students if you need help. I suggest you not wait to the last minute to do his assignments because they are lengthy.
4.0 : Lee is laid back, easy to talk to, very caring and supportive (and now one of my favs). Assignments were some what easy but a lot of work involved and very time consuming.
4.5 : Professor Carson is there if you need extra help.  He is a fair grader.  He gives case examples in front of the classroom that are very helpful when it comes time for us to do our client sessions assignment.
5.0 : He shares many of his successful and unsuccessful experiences from the field, so you can consider the concepts in context. He also elicits many case studies from our internship experiences. Since the assignments are therapy sessions in groups, missing class makes life really difficult.  The packet assignments are huge, so start them early.
4.5 : This class helped me to better establish my professional identity. Professor Carson brings his real-life experience to the classroom and it is very helpful. He is interesting, engaging, and funny. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Great professor!
4.0 : His class is very practical and fun!
5.0 : Lee draws on years of clinical experience to relate clinical practice situations to the material he teaches, and he can usually do it in a way that makes you laugh. Lee is really human feeling and less professor feeling but, is extremely informative. I loved his class and am taking him for practice two.
5.0 : Professor Lee Carson is a great professor. He makes his class interesting and doesn't just lecture. The class gets involved and it because a conversation while he is teaching us. I love that he responds to emails.
5.0 : Best professor ever!!!!He is a very nice person, and really take care of students. If you have questions ,he will response you quickly. If you go to class all the time and take good notes, you will be fine!!!
4.5 : He was a such a great professor. Definitely did well in English 802 thanks to him. There were a lot of readings online and he makes them interesting to learn and discuss about. He also takes time for feedback on assigned papers. Overall I recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : He is awesome.  I skipped class like 10 times and still got an A.  I did my papers last minute and still got an A.  He's good person too and really cares about the students
5.0 : He never assigns homework and always ends class early. He is a very easy grader and there is no midterm or final exam
5.0 : BEST HONORS ENGLISH PROFESSOR EVER. He is very nice and easy going. He also tries to make the class as interesting as he can. You only write papers, so no midterm or final. He is amazing and truly my favorite professor!!!! Totally recommend him to any honors student.
5.0 : He is the best professor ever!! Take him. He makes class easy and enjoyable. Plus he is hilarious. If you are looking for an easy A take him.
5.0 : If you're looking for an 802 English class then you would be lucky to make it in to his class. 3 Papers and he's clear about how to write them. Meets personally with each student 3 times a semester. You don't need to print all the readings if you have a laptop to load them up on. He is funny from time to time and I would take this instead of 702.
5.0 : As a freshman I was worried about this writing extensive course. We wrote three papers and had a final portfolio just like every other English 802 class but instead of writing about boring art, etc our class was on sports which was a very fun topic to learn about and very easy to write about. Hated going to class but it was so easy! Recommend!
5.0 : Easiest English professor ever. Didn't even need to show up most of the time, and I haven't read any of the articles and still got an A. Essays are really easy, he basically tells you what to write and you can skim the article that is relevant to your article but that's about it. Easy A.
5.0 : Mr. Duggan is the sole reason I was able to get out of bed for this 8 AM. He's easygoing, engages the class, and genuinely enjoys what he's teaching even if it's just english 802. He's a very fair grader and gives good feedback because he genuinely wants you to do well. Also super understanding if you get sick or there's another issue.
5.0 : He's one of the coolest teachers I've had at temple so far (I'm a sophomore). You gotta be really special to make me drag myself out of bed at 6.30 am for an 8am class and not pass out while you talk sports to me. He's really awesome. In terms of grades- If you devote enough time to your papers, you'll be fine. He's fair
5.0 : This is a gen-ed course, and it's probably the easiest/best one you'll take. The course is about sports and societal issues, and prof. Duggan teaches it so well. He's extremely caring and always will have a smile on his face. Your grade is determined by three papers that are ultimately graded when you hand in the final portfolio. Awesome guy.
5.0 : What can I say? The best professor in Temple is Dr. Barton. Bad jokes, interesting lectures, easy exams, and there is no work for this class. It is an easy A and you will never wanna get out of the class. Take him!!!!
5.0 : I never read any of the readings so unless you're interested, don't waste your time because you won't need to read them. Barton was super chill and class was overall pretty great. We watched Southpark, Family Guy, but we learned at the same time. The tests were very easy and the final was exactly from the tests. Highly recommend for a gened. Easy A
5.0 : Good guy. Didn't have to read anything for the entire class. He is straight forward with the quizzes he gives and is extremely respectful. Lectures get a little boring.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes i took in college. Dr. Gehris is super nice and helpful and really wants you to learn the skills properly. Class is a very easy A as long as you come to class and get the skills down--which are easy to learn. I would definitely take him again.
2.0 : Do not take this professor if you are looking for an easy class! You aren't allowed to miss any classes that are unexcused. While he is very enthusiastic, the lectures are very boring and if you dont pay attention you won't pass the quizzes which are hard. I would not take him again especially for a class that was supposed to be a grade booster.
5.0 : he is an amazing person. really cares about healthcare and his students. 8 online quizzes and 1 online final quiz. in class group assignments. class can seem to drag and be super annoying because it is mostly common sense information but he is so passionate about his work.
4.5 : Audit tests are pretty hard.  You get a cheat sheet though so that is a plus.  Paper are graded hard as well but you get a second chance to revise them and get half your points back.  Don't bother arguing with him about a deceiving test question.  Kind of just reads PPT's to you in class.
5.0 : Nagai is fantastic. Her lectures are engaging, she encourages discussion, and she's beyond helpful. The only thing to look out for is that you'll likely end up doing more writing than you usually would in the writing intensive courses (think a paper a week, sometimes 2 papers). Still, if you can deal with a bit of writing, her classes are worth it.
4.0 : Dr. Kulathinal was a pretty goof professor. Personally, I was not a fan of his teaching style nor did I appreciate the fact that part of the exam questions were things we covered after the exam. But it is obvious that he is passionate about the material and knows his stuff.
3.0 : He's a solid professor and I strongly recommend reading the chapters before the lectures so you understand what's going on. Also I hope you care about drosophila because he's researching that bug and I think he might actually be married to it. If you actually read the chapters and follow along in class, it's not hard to get a B. Beware of the lab!!
4.0 : Dr. Kulathinal is funny and he makes a bio class, which is normally boring and full of texts, seem enjoyable. The worst part of this course is not the professor, it's the materials and grade. No extra credit. No curve. Be prepared to study your ass for it. If you haven't know the materials beforehand during AP, you're doomed. Heaviest class ever!
5.0 : Dr. Kulathinal is a great professor. The lecture is kinda boring, which is not his fault. The class's material is just hard. Make sure that you read the materials and understand them well, not just memorize them but know how to apply them. Tests are like critical reading tests. Make sure you study hard for lab cause it can pull your grade up
4.5 : Mr. Cabbott was an amazing professor. I learned so much about sport law through him. He also was inspirational. I will 100% recommend him.
5.0 : It isn't hard to get an A in this class. Do your work and make a good effort at doing the readings and you'll have no problems. I wish I took him during a regular semester so that I would have more classes with him. He is very knowledgeable and a genuinely nice person. Can't recommend Cabott highly enough. One the the best profs I've had at Temple.
5.0 : Mr Cabott is a great teacher, definitely of the best. The course is not really hard, you just need to keep up with the readings since the final exam is mostly based on the cases (cases from the book) we discussed in class as well as the notes. The exam is  not easy but it is fair. Attendance is   important, it is 10% of the grade.
3.5 : Cabott is really down to Earth, but you can tell he's serious about the law. He really wants students to leave the class determined to be successful. You need the book but only for the beginning and your case presentations (as long as you pay attention in class). Participation is graded, so be sure to make an effort.
5.0 : Amazing Professor, very funny and will make micro worth your while
5.0 : Wish I had him for Macro! Blascak is a very organized and straight to the point in his approach. Do well on the homeworks and you'll probably get a good grade. Participation matters bc his notes are way easier to understand than if you were to self-teach from the book.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Temple. He's extremely clear in his notes; exams and homework are quite easy; he'll always give you help if you need it; and he's got a great sense of humor (it always pained me when he was self-deprecating, though, because he's awesome!).
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Great guy, clear as to what you need to know. Gives practice tests that mirror the actual exam. The class is lecture based so write everything he writes on the board and you will do well. No textbook needed. Wish I could take him again!
4.0 : lecture based teaching. p cool guy. materials not bad.
5.0 : Blascak is an excellent Professor! He's so good I signed up for his Macroeconomics class. Classes are lecture formatted so you simply copy down everything he puts on the board. Homeworks are relatively easy, and there aren't too many of them either. Tests are reasonably hard, but if you put in the work you'll do fine.
5.0 : Professor Blascak was an amazing professor. Made a class (microeconomics) that could have easily been confusing very clear. Was always there to help with anything I needed. If you pay attention and do the homeworks the tests should be a breeze.
5.0 : Professor Blascak is really nice, easy to talk to, and pretty funny. His class isn't hard. There are 3 tests, 1 paper, and some easy homeworks. Attendance slightly matters towards your grade too. His lectures are easy to follow and he goes over things multiple times. Everything is pretty straight-forward. Definitely recommend.
4.5 : Bill is one awesome professor! I took him for intro to media and society. He's fun and he makes the class more enjoyable. However, his midterm is kind of hard if you don't read the textbook. The reading can be painfully boring, so i didn't read the book at all. Ended the class with an 86. He assigns a mid semester paper, which was not bad at all!
5.0 : Bill was one of my favorite teachers here at Temple, he's super easy to talk to and supportive. I'm not big on writing but he made the class really interesting. I had him last year and when I see him on campus he still stops to talk to me. Go to class as he's super helpful and attendance counts. I highly recommend taking a class with Bill
5.0 : Had him for three semesters and never had an issue! He's a great professor! Very clear with interesting lectures. Always inspired participation and discussion from the entire class. Assignments weren't excessive or stressful ever. Funny and caring. One class he even brought us all Philly Pretzel Factory.
4.0 : He's a really cool and open minded guy. It's not hard or uncomfortable to talk to him which, is really helpful if you're struggling.
5.0 : HE'S GORGEOUS 3 3 3 3 actually made me want to wake up and go to class everyday. and an awesome and super nice professor. 100% recommend Bill
4.5 : My absolute FAVORITE professor! I looked forward to class everyday even though it was at 9am. He shows you lots of cool documentaries and lets you write papers about things we were actually passionate about. He is so easy to talk to and genuinely cares about his students. You will get a lot out of the class and fall in love with him.
5.0 : Literally one of my favorite teachers of all time. He is funny, approachable and knows SO much about the course! I loved being in his class and I want to take any class he teaches ever. He is vocal and helpful about any work you submit. Great.
5.0 : Had him this semester and taking him again next. All around awesome guy, really fun to talk to and makes the environment of the classroom really comfortable. Not a tough grader at all and overall really lenient. 100% recommend him for any of your required ADV classes!! He makes them fun and interesting plus he's really attractive (:
5.0 : this guy is the man, if you are taking an advertising classes at temple, make sure you get him. He is relatively easy and very lenient with everything. there is not one thing about him that i would change.
5.0 : Great guy, super chill. He's young so he is understanding and can relate. The homework is a weekly worksheet corresponding to the book chapters (super easy). And you have a research paper at the end (pretty easy). Overall great class.
3.0 : He is a good teacher, but he doesn't care about students with disabilities.
5.0 : Bill was an excellent teacher. I recently changed my major to Advertising. I was able to go through the transition easily as he was very organized and stress-free. I never felt over-whelmed in the class( and its for my major). Bill was ready to go everyday with lectures that allowed students to become more engaged in class. Take his class!
5.0 : fantastic teacher all around. highly recommend
4.0 : A pretty easy class overall, shows a lot of videos and recent news in his lectures and makes the class very interactive and fun. He's super nice and always willing to help out. Does have regular homework assignments and group projects but gives ample time to finish them all.
2.0 : He does not teach. He only shows ted talks and extremely dated documentaries that are no longer relevant. All of his lectures are copied from other professors. He treats everyone like they are in elementary school and thinks that nobody knows how to do anything but at the same time, makes the exams extremely tedious and long.
5.0 : He was always upbeat and great to listen to.
5.0 : I loved professor Cook. If the class is good, participates, and completes assignments on time then he is very willing to be lenient on certain things. A lot of writing (obviously, since it's persuasive writing) but he's very helpful and understanding. The assignments weren't necessarily hard, but you must put time into them. Great person :)
5.0 : Awesome professor!! Take his class no matter what. Very clear on what he wants and really understanding. One research paper in his Media and Society class but you have all semester to do It so if you do bad its kind of on you. Midterm and Final are based on weekly reading check so STUDY those!!
5.0 : Great course and terrific professor. I've taken several of his courses and they are all awesome. Very approachable and student friendly grader.Take him!
5.0 : One of the best Advertising profs at Temple. Industry guy who knows the real way things are done and shares them with students. Writes great letters of recommendation. Take him!
4.5 : Awesome Professor who will explain to you the realities of the industry while providing real world examples instead of relying on solely a textbook to guide you along.
5.0 : Prof. K was extremely helpful and improved my writing significantly. I found his persuasive writing class and the assignments he gave us interesting and never minded putting my time and effort into them because I knew it would apply in the real world. Definitely take his class!
5.0 : Joe is a real professional, and has a lot important feedback to give. He can sometimes get off topic, but always with good intentions. He is like your friend's cool dad growing up. Wish he taught Portfolio! Shout out my guy JG.
4.5 : Joe is a funny, smart, experienced guy. You learn a lot about copywriting, but you will be completing a lot of full ads with graphics and everything. You get about 2 assignments a week, but they're pretty simple &amp; you can revise as much as you want. No tests or any readings, but a final project. Overall, a very enjoyable class!
4.0 : Great guy. Very humble, down to earth, and cares about his students. One thing I didn't notice till the end is that Joe takes has a very detailed attendance record. Joe also does not except late work whatsoever. Do the work on time the first time, show up and participate in class, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Very informative class. He is very patient and respective of questions. He was willing to discuss a question until everyone in the room was satisfied with the response. This shows confidence in his own abilities to hand difficult argumentation on the spot.
5.0 : Professor Kim explains things very well and also respects other people's opinions even if they're wrong. He is very professional.
5.0 : I was originally nervous to take a class with Dr. Kim because of his heavy accent, but it turned out to be my favorite class of the semester! Such a great guy. There are weekly 1 page papers due, which can get a bit stressful, but he works hard to make sure everyone understands the material. I definitely plan on taking other classes with him.
5.0 : It was a very interactive course. Although the topics are very dense and sometimes hard, Prof. Kim provided us with many sources so that we could have a better understanding of what was being taught.
4.0 : I took Philosophy of the Mind out of genuine interest (cog neuro elective), and it's a lot harder than I expected. It's the real deal, so it's a little rough if you're new to philosophy. There's at least 1 paper due every week, and they require lots of reading. Class is a little dry if you don't participate. Dr. Kim is awesome &amp; fair, though.
3.5 : lot of busy work, random assignments and presentations that are not even in the syllabus. Interesting topics discussed. The only thing I remember from this class is having  a LOT of work..
5.0 : He was such a genuinely nice professor, I've taken 2 classes of his. He's hard to understand at first if you're not used to someone knowing multiple languages, but you start to understand. I've turned in late papers and he usually doesn't take off. Just put in some effort and he's a gem! Insightful too.
3.5 : He knows the material quite well. Active in the philosophy community. His lectures can be tough at times due to a lack of clear examples, but just ask for clarification. He is there to help you and is understanding of student life. Meaning he will cut you some slack if you are experiencing tough times, but be sure to provide evidence. Didntgetbook
5.0 : Professor Kim is the man. He is knowledgable about the topics at hand, willing to explain them to you, and does so by means of lecture, group discussion and supplemental reading. He is down to earth and at times funny too. Getting an A required a LOT of writing. Sometimes he is hard to understand (thick accent) but after a while I got used to it.
1.0 : Lectures consisted of him skipping through a black and white powerpoint with copy pasted quotes from the readings, and rambling about small parts of the notes. His accent didn't make anything better. We had weekly papers which were some of the easiest grades I've gotten, but the midterm and final papers were graded very harshly and arbitrarily.
5.0 : He was very clear and asked good questions, and simplified difficult philosophical topics into text we could understand.
2.0 : Grades rather arbitrarily. Class was painfully boring at times. Not sure what other reviewers are talking about when they say the class is the least bit engaging.
2.5 : Pretty disrespectful and definitely not welcoming to all types of students. Quizzes once a week that he grades pretty harshly. a lot of work and reading for a Gen Ed. I'd avoid at all costs.
5.0 : She's the bomb dot com. Great professor and super fun to have. If you have any questions she is literally the most helpful professor I've had ever.
5.0 : Emily is extremely helpful, but the one thing to be careful of is to make sure you print your final projects in advance, so therefore have them done early. She helps take your idea to the next level and gives you an extra boost of inspiration if you need it.
4.0 : Hands down. Bill is the real MVP. He really cares about his student and willing to fight for A's if you do good on exams and show that your average is better than other sections. A video for extra creds so just do it. He and his TA grade stuff super fast. Go to office hours! He likes written exams so you can get some partial creds.
5.0 : Let me begin by saying THIS GUY IS CHILLLLL. He is under 30 yrs old and teaches his class like your highschool buddy would if he had a phd. The homework and tests you won't need to study too much for as long as you simply attend all his classes. If you do, it'll be an easy grade. Even his final wasn't bad. Thanks marmora! I know you look at these
4.0 : Marmora is a cool dude. Considering his age and laid back attitude, he could just as easily be a student. Seems like a peer. He knows his stuff but sometimes doesnt understand the questions students are asking, and instead of answering he will just go over what he just said. Overall great professor, I am glad i took his course.
5.0 : Overall, he's a great professor. He's super laid back and always willing to help. There're 2 tests, like 7 or 8 home works, and a final and he gives good reviews beforehand. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you don't go you don't get the notes, so go. He also offers a short extra credit paper at the end of the semester. Take him!
4.0 : I took this class for easy credits my senior year.  His tests are much harder than expected and each test covers roughly 200 pages of the book. If you arent into real estate then stay away
5.0 : Depending on which course you have him for it is a variation of easiness.  The law class is a little harder because it deals with dense legal terms.  The practice course is the easiest class I've had in my life, including middle school.  Take him
3.5 : The guy will help you and answer questions if you have them, but his lectures are boring and redundant.  He gives the same stories over and over again.  Doesn't really keep to book, but the tests are strictly book based.  Attendance is not mandatory and not needed to pass with an A.
4.5 : This woman is so knowledgeable and assigns very interesting reading, but some of the readings are a little lengthy. You only have a few skips but believe me you won't want to miss this class. She always has something interesting to say and loves when students discuss too. Please take her she is GREAT
3.0 : If you have the least amount of interest about Gender in America at all, do not take this class. Very hard to get into conversations because they are very one sided. Only a selected amount of kids are engaged. Currently typing a paper on why woman should be accepted into politics. Not cool. Really regret taking it. Super boring class.
4.5 : A lot of readings in this class but if you complete all the assignments and pay attention in this class you'll get a B or higher. Attend classes as she gives random class work and participate.
5.0 : The class itself was fun and interesting. Her lectures were really attention grabbing. I looked forward to this class every week. The articles we read were pretty easy to understand and the one novel we read wasn't boring at all. This class made me really consider taking Women's Studies as a minor. Professor Levine helped me enjoy the subject.
4.0 : This class is only 7 weeks so there is a good amount of work. However, they're mostly simple papers. You need to attend the 6 plays, otherwise, you won't pass. It's literally so easy and the professor gives a lot of feedback. If you do the assignments, you'll pass easily.
5.0 : Matthew is totally awesome! People are sometimes intimidated by him before they get to know him, but he's actually a really nice guy. Class is never boring. He expects a lot out of you, but he's super helpful and more than willing to work with you if there's something you don't understand.
5.0 : I took Dramatic Imagination as an online class for half the spring semester. He was a great teacher to have online because he is straightforward and clearly told us what he wanted from us. We saw 5 shows and averaged writing about 3 short papers a week about it plus two projects including making a brochure. Easy. Take him! You will not regret it!
5.0 : This class was a lot of work for a gen ed, but I also had it in condensed form (7 weeks). You have to go to 6 plays; miss one and you fail. There are around 3-5 assignments a week. Like I said, it's a lot of work, but he grades very easy. Such a nice guy; wasn't condescending when I emailed questions like other profs are. Loved this class!!!
4.0 : Jeremy is a great Psych professor.  He is a really nice and has a unique, funny sense of humor.  Would def take again.
5.0 : Professor was nice, helpful, and passionate about the subject. Class got really boring at times. His lecturing went on longer than necessary- left little time for class presentations (and ew, class presentations, why?)
2.0 : He's not a bad teacher. But he treats his level 100 micro class as if we're senior econ majors. He would brag about how easy he made the test but yet half the class failed and the other half gets Cs. Its not a difficult subject - he just makes it one. Save yourself your sanity and GPA and find another professor.
5.0 : Had him for Micro. Dr. Hill is really helpful and he is very funny. Wanna take him again but too bad he doesn't teach Macro next semester
4.0 : Dr. Hill is a great professor. Work definitely has to be put in though. I had a night class though so it makes sense. Myeconlabs, problem sets and quizzes every week. Exams are exactly like notes content. As long as you're paying attention in class and do all the homeworks, you can get an A.
5.0 : Hagy is an awesome teacher. Navy vet with lots of great stories and incredibly knowledgeable dude. He makes the class interesting and easy, plus brings snacks. Definitely a professor worth experiencing
5.0 : come to class and you will get credit. participate and you will get credit. his test are literally his review he gives u online study the review actually no copy and paste the review and you will have those answer rdy for the real test he post online ( goes for both midterm and final), however some are not in the midterm so try to know the readings
4.0 : Hagy is great and wants you to pass. You're part of a team all semester and you all do the hw together and a final presentation, which was kind of cool. There's also only a midterm and final (online), do them with your team and do the review he posts and you'll be fine. Most importantly, he brings treats to class every day. Great class.
5.0 : Wow hands down one of the best professors at Temple. Lectures are always insightful and fun! You get to work in groups, which teaches you patience, cooperation, and diversity.  Professor Hagy, you rock!
5.0 : Hagy is a very nice professor in BA4101. He provides many extra credit opportunities if you want. You can enjoy this class and also improve your presentation skill and academic writing ability. High recommend students to choose this professor's class.
5.0 : Nice, Awasome, Perfect,
4.0 : When I recall on what I had throughout the past semester, I think Prof. Hagy was the best instructur, lecturer, and educator I ever had in my 3 years of academic career at Temple. A friend of mine convinced me that Prof. Hagy was amazing and that's true! His passion and approach and all he taught will serve as lasting encouragement to me. Thank you
5.0 : His class isn't that hard. Just read what you need to, post some crap on blackboard, participate in class, and work with your team on the case analysis'. Easy A. The content isn't easy for the case analysis' HOWEVER, you get to work in pretty big groups for those so its not bad at all. He is very understanding if you just talk to him.
5.0 : Top-tier professor. I wish Temple offered more BA professors like him. I've learned more in the six weeks (summer class) of taking this course than I have with all other BA courses.
5.0 : Professor was very funny and the class was pretty interesting. There are a few homework assignments, which are easy and 2 online tests, in which he prepares you in class for. He also gives a lot of extra credit opportunities and snacks in class. If you come to class and do the homework and online posts, you'll boost up your GPA.
5.0 : Dr. Hagy is without question one of the best professors I had at Temple. His way of explaining things is clear and funny. He doesn't do how the rules say, he does what makes sense, (within limits though). His classes were one of those where I lost track of time and was surprised how quickly each session ended. I would truly recommend him as a professor. Easily approachable by in class and via email.
4.0 : Professor Hagy is a great teacher! He makes everything understandable and very enjoyable! I just took the class to fulfill a Science &amp; Tech GenEd, but I wound up loving it because Hagy was an incredible professor!
5.0 : Smart and inspirational. Attractive too. Would recommend as the content is applied in "real world"
5.0 : Took this class in the summer in an accelerated class. Participate and be engaged - he gives tons of extra credit. He is an impeccable professor and shares meaningful content. He wants you to actually learn. GO HAGY!!!!! GO NAVY!!!
3.5 : He's a little strange, but he's a great person and he really knows what he's talking about.
4.0 : This was a great course even though I am not a science person myself. Took him last semester (Sp 14). Many opportunities for extra credit in class and outside of class. Group homework assignments. Lectures are sometimes tedious. Midterm and Final exam were both online, so to fail this class meant you never showed up for class.
4.5 : Hagy is a cool dude. He goes at a nice pace. Some of his readings are long, but interested at the same time. He assigns roles (time warden, treat miser, historian, point master) and you get extra credit for doing them. He allows you to email him history for extra credit. Definitely take Tech Transformations for Technology Gen-Ed. Go Hagy!
5.0 : I took Professor Hagy for Tech Transformations. He made the GenEd fun, easy, and enjoyable. He offers tons of extra credit, reviews exam material in class, and is overall an extremely accomplished, successful, and brilliant professor. I strongly recommend taking a class with Professor Hagy.
5.0 : Your dream professor.  Engages students, gives extra credit, shows videos, and the best part feeds his students with candy! I wish i could have him every semester.
5.0 : Very respected and inspirational human being. Contents are interesting and he makes it look fun. Just take his class and you will never regret it
5.0 : Easiest class ever. He is old but super nice. He gave out snacks every class and kept class only for a max of 20 minutes. You get points for showing up. All exams are online so the handy friend (google) does all the work. He tries to make it interesting and he doesn't like to really talk about scientific stuff even though its a science course
5.0 : Hagy is really easy going. He has a lot of experience in engineering, he uses that to his advantage to make the classes interesting. One midterm, then the final. Some of his readings are long, but you only have to skim. Two labs, but he canceled one for us. Lots of extra credit opportunities. He gives out treats during class (A++++). Awesome guy.
5.0 : Hip Hop and Black Culture was a really cool class. Reading is really not necessary because the assignments are based off of our opinions of songs he provides in the guidelines, the final mixtape is also easy, a compilation of songs based off of a mood or feeling. Professor Welbeck is a really great person, so kind and humble. I really enjoyed him.
5.0 : The professor is very neutral when it comes to the sensitivity of race. I believe no one ever felt uncomfortable or upset at any of the conversations or discussions that we completed in class.
5.0 : Hip Hop and Black Culture was such a great class. Class is mostly discussion based, so rarely was the class boring. He also brings local/up and coming artists to class and has them talk about their experiences. Would definitely recommend taking this class if you're even remotely interested.
5.0 : Hip Hop in Black Culture was such an exciting class. The material and topics are extremely interesting so it's not hard to go to class and pay attention. Participation does count, he would pull names from a deck of cards during class discussions on readings. Reasonable reading homework, test and assignments. GREAT!! take his course!!
5.0 : I love him. He's attractive first of all and the way he carries his words is very impressing. He makes the class fun with class discussions. He also shows videos and has guest speakers. The homework isn't bad at all and he gives back good feedback.
5.0 : Shanta was an excellent professor. Very thorough and engaging lectures. The class was online &amp; extremely easy. Short pass/fail assignment weekly plus a short quiz on the text chapter. Exams were also very easy. We had 1 paper that was on a child observation, and it was again, very easy. She is a fair grader. I wish she taught more educ classes!
5.0 : Shanta is HANDS DOWN the best Education professor at Temple. Take ANY class offered by her. She's phenomenal.
5.0 : Shanta is awesome, one of my favorite professors that I have had in the college of ed. I wish she taught more classes I would definitely take her again. Lectures are very engaging and meaningful. Lots of papers and writing done in the class but if you pay attention during class they are easy. She is a tough grader but it really is helpful.
5.0 : Learned tons of useful information in this class
5.0 : BEST TEACHER at temple. She cares very much about her students and explains the material so well. I took this class online and its an easy A. Just do all the group discussions and you will pass. There is one paper, midterm and final, but it's online.
5.0 : Shanta was a great professor! I had her for lecture and she always talked about interesting stuff and kept everyone engaged. There was a midterm, one paper, group project and final which were pretty easy. I would definitely recommend taking Shanta for EDED 2101!
5.0 : By far the best professor at Temple. She helps her students and really only cares about having everyone succeed. Do not be afraid to ask questions because she will help you through any problem that you have. If you have to take ENG 701 or ENG 802 look for Professor Crandall.
4.0 : Probably the best class I have taken thus far. Heavy on the reading, make sure you take notes and turn them in on time. Participation is key also.
5.0 : Jordan is the bomb . com His teaching style is the most effective out there. He won't let you worry about your grade, &amp; the discussion is super open &amp; largely driven by the class. Because I'm not worried about my grade I felt like I could just learn, &amp; he's extremely intelligent, so I learned a ton from him. Hardly any homework, one presentation.
5.0 : I have Shapiro for Mosaics 2 online and honestly I wish I had taken one of his actual classes to get to know him better. Super cool guy. While I generally dread reading the Illiad, however, he teaches the material in way that really makes you think about what you're studying and why it's relevant. Would absolutely recommend.
5.0 : Best Prof. ever!!! Only problem - never responds to his emails.
1.0 : HOR-RI-BLE!  He gives  long, confusing boring assignment and is not clear at all! Mosaic I was awesome (I had a different professor) Mosaic II is just unnecessarily difficult because he is not clear. I would NEVER take him again.
5.0 : Grading comes from notes, blog posts, and 1 presentation on literally anything--no papers at all. This is by far the easiest class I have ever taken. I skimmed spark notes for the notes and i submitted everything like two weeks late and got an A. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Amazing professor for honors mosaics. You don't have to worry about your grade because as long as you pay attention, participate, and put in effort you will do well. I  always looked forward to coming to this class.
5.0 : Jordan's great. He's laid back and very aware the class is mandatory, so he has the decency to not pile on work like a lot of other self-righteous teachers do. Overall an understanding and good guy. I had him for H-Mosaics I, I only wish I could have him for H-Mosaics II.
5.0 : Jordan is the man, once you get used to the style of writing that he wants you to use you shouldn't get below a 100 on the assignments. Definitely take online if possible, super easy. Would def recommend.
5.0 : Jordan is a gregarious man who enjoys talking and teaching, but could care less about grading. He wants you use an informal, almost conversational, tone in the assignments. This is very different than formal writing styles that I have used previously. There are 3 presentations, 3 essays and weekly reading notes. He basically gives you 100s.
5.0 : As long as you show up and participate your good. There are reading notes every week, but basically as long as you turn them in he will give you a 100.  The semester is almost over and I have gotten a 100 on every assignment so far with minimal effort.  There are no papers, just a few blog posts,  and no exams either.
5.0 : He will be the best professor you encounter during your entire time at Temple University. Well read, good guy, lots of funny stories, humble, good dad (talks about his kids all the time) loves to listen and give insightful feedback. It's not just about the books in this class, it's about how they apply to your life.
5.0 : Hard but fair
4.5 : Great professor, very knowledgeable, and will help you if you don't understand something!
5.0 : I had prof Karnik teach me a host of courses in the masters program. Hands down the best professor i have had in my life. Subtle ideas in economics, finance and advanced math blend and mingle amazingly under the professors direction. No wonder a 2 time award winning teacher at Temple.
5.0 : After taking the other Derivatives professor and giving up and also exploring almost every resource on the internet to learn about derivatives, I believe I am knowledgeable enough on the topic to conclude that Karnik is the best Derivatives professor in the country. I also had no problems studying the derivatives section of the CFA and credit him.
5.0 : Really cool and beautiful professor
5.0 : Very understanding! 1st class she made it clear to every1 that this class is very difficult &amp; unless we put in the time/effort, you'll fail. Its really not difficult. We had a few pop quizzes in the beginning, shes a very easy grader. She understands that we'll make mistakes. She makes learning the info easier because she takes her time lecturing.
5.0 : Databases can be very difficult to learn, but Dimoka was amazing at explaining the material. You need to put work into the homeworks, exams and the final project. But if you pay attention you will leave this class with a real skill.
4.0 : Aronow is an overall great professor. Paying attention during the lectures are crucial. She insists that you ask any questions. The assignments are mostly online and for your own good, although they often aren't checked. The tests are fairly challenging, but she is a fair grader. She is always more than happy to help you if you are struggling.
5.0 : Professor Aronow is awesome, she loves what she does and is very helpful. Showing up and paying attention is necessary if you want to do well on the tests, but there are extra credit questions and she is a fair grader. Overall great professor! I'm taking another one of her classes this semester!
5.0 : Professor Aronow is my absolute favorite person. I am not a morning person but I did not mind waking up and going to her class. She is extremely friendly and wants her classes to do well. One of the nicest, lenient teachers I have ever had. She is very clear and loves what she teaches. She answers questions so helpfully and gives very good feedback
5.0 : Although the tests were really hard, she was always so helpful and made sure everyone understood. She gives 4 tests with extra credit on each and then a group project, no final! I wish I could take her again she's a great professor.
5.0 : -Professor Aronow is a great professor!  -Made me enjoy my intro to linguistics class.  -You will have to put a lot of time and effort in her class.  -If you get questions wrong on the exam, you'll have a chance to get points back if you have valid reasons.  -She loves her job and makes class fun!
5.0 : The best professor I've ever had. I'm a speech pathology major and I had her for Intro to Linguistics as well as Psycholinguistics. In fact, I'm taking her in the summer for Phonetics and Phonology. She loves teaching and does her best to help you in any way she can. Both classes are tough, but having her made it so much easier and I got an A .
3.0 : As a non-Linguistics major, the material was difficult. Most communication was done through her TA, and she gets angry when the entire class is confused. I learned a great deal, however, and there isn't a required textbook (just a website to gain temporary access).
5.0 : If you are considering taking a course presented by this professor, then you'll be glad to know that your hesitation need not persist. She is a wonderful teacher and person. She works hard to foster a positive and collegial environment in which all students are invited to participate. The only way to fail is to not try.
5.0 : Professor Aronow is by far the BEST professor in SLP at temple! She is willing to help you out if you try. The material is difficult for every class! But try and if you dont understand  ASK QUESTIONS!! She is an amazing person, professional, nicest professor in my major!  Took her for INTRO, psycho, Pho Pho, and taking her for Socio in the fall!
3.5 : Attendance isn't totally mandatory but I highly advise not missing this class unless 110% necessary, it's easy to fall behind. Lectures are good, homework is an every day thing but it's nothing hard. Usually readings are short, never any long ones. Really helpful and nice woman, always willing to go above and beyond to help you. Would take again!
4.0 : Professor Aranow honestly cares about all of her students and is willing to put in as much extra effort as you are to help yourself. I wouldn't miss class unless necessary because this is where she turns difficult material into much easier to understand concepts. Tests can be tough but she's a very far grader.
4.5 : Professor Aronow is fantastic. She really cares about her students. We go over every question of every test in class, and you can even get points back for some questions. She's very passionate about linguistics, which means lectures are interesting. Psycholinguistics isn't an easy class and it's a lot of work, but as long as you try, you'll be fine
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. It was a hard class but she did everything she could to make the material easier to grasp. Her tests are no joke but she gives other assignments that are easy A's to balance out test grades. Makes you work for your grade but also very helpful. Highly recommended.
3.5 : Aronow is one of the nicest teachers I had this semester. She is clear and if you have a question she will answer in full detail. You have to do the online assignments to fully understand. tests are multiple choice and she gives extra credit. She is laid back and likable. My TA (Kelly) was really nice and helpful too. start the group project early!
5.0 : Probably THE smartest man I ever had the pleasure of listening to. I took MIS special topics with him and it was a tough class, however he made the class very enjoyable. He is very charismatic and gives great advice. He is someone you want to get to know, and DO NOT miss his "Management as a Noble Profession" speech at the end of the semester.
5.0 : I had Caite for Program Planning. HONESTLY AMAZING. She gave great feedback on all of my drafts and was very helpful with internship and career questions. Always considerate of students responsibilities outside of the classroom.
4.0 : Prof. Wolak shared this class with Prof. Hatala. So every other week she would lecture and she was nice. But the class overall was very unorganized and there were a lot of guest speakers.
5.0 : Caite Wolak is incredible. She is helpful, compassionate, and has a well rounded perspective for students for life after graduation. Utilize her!
4.0 : I honestly think this class should be taken by ALL! The material is actually super vital to living as an adult. You should learn this stuff, as it helps you later in life!! Its also really simple. If you can read, you can pass this class. The T.A's in the class are also super helpful. Both work in the finance industry so they are super smart! TAKE!
5.0 : Awesome Professor. Very nice and helpful. I love her enthusiasm, you can tell from being in her class that she loves her job. I caught her outside of class one day and had a question and she was still very helpful then as well. Would recommend.
5.0 : If you have to take Technical Communication, this is your man. Great guy, good feedback, fair and flexible grader. You will learn a lot about Microsoft Office and computers in general. Only downside is that he made us buy a 40 dollar textbook we never used.
5.0 : Great professor, takes attendance so lectures can be fairly boring. You will learn a great deal about Microsoft Word. Doesn't assign multiple papers to be due every class like other professors, but rather spreads out your major paper over the semester. Overall, an easy A; go to class, and hand in assignments on time.
5.0 : She is a wonderful teacher. I never took Spanish prior to this class, and I learned a ton of Spanish! She is very helpful. The book is helpful too. Cunnifee is a very fair grader, often getting rid of several low grades. Make sure you go to class because attendance does affect your grade.
4.5 : Great teacher! And very attractive.
5.0 : Crafts is a great professor. She is a sweet, understanding and very approachable woman. She expects you to complete all your readings (which are 10-20 pg) excerpts she wants you to print out and expects you to be able to hold a conversation about them. Fair grader and wants to make sure that your writing improves through your portfolio.
4.5 : Dr. GG was an amazing math professor, and I am terrible at math. He is very willing to help and he makes sure everyone is involved during classes. He learned everyone's name and would call on them to get them involved. Take him! He's amazing!
1.0 : Dr.Gidelew is absolutely fantastic professor. He is very motivating &amp; passionate! The notes he gives are VERY CLEAR and very organized. ALWAYS, ALWAYS, available during office hours &amp; EXTREMELY HELPFUL. I probably wouldn't have done so well on exams without seeing him for help.Take Dr.GG for Calculus!!! You will be glad! AWESOME PROFESSOR !!
2.5 : He was great at explaining the easy things in class. He taught EXTREMELY slow and I ended up having to teach myself almost ever section. If your good at learning on your own hes a good teacher to take, but if you have the choice don't.
4.5 : Dr.Gidelew is the best math professor you would encounter ! He's full of energy and makes the class interesting. He makes the material easier than it is. He gives many examples. He encourages asking questions, please ask if something isn't clear.  Attend his classes, do the practice problems he prepares before each test and the final!Take him!!!
5.0 : If it wasn't for this woman I'm sure this class would have been awful. Intelligent, down to earth, and fantastic teacher!
5.0 : Melissa's an amazing professor. So far in Mosaic I, we've only been assigned light reading and one reflection paper. The reflection paper was a short and simple personal reflection that was fun and interesting to do. She really cares about her students and fosters an inviting and inclusive class environment. Makes a required class fun.
5.0 : This is my last semester at Temple and Melissa will be one of the professors I will miss most. I hope she knows how much she impacts her students.
5.0 : Wonderful human being who truly cares about students. Liberalprogressive but very open-minded to all view points and compassionate. Not much work academically, but you'll be challenged to do some self-reflection. Even if personal growth is not something you are very interested in, it's a breath of fresh air compared to other courses. Love Melissa!
5.0 : Melissa is one of the best educators I've ever experienced. I've taken and dropped several Mosiacs classes because I didn't like the teachers, with Melissa I actually understand what humanities is and why it's important- I didn't feel like I was just wasting my time in a pointless gen ed.
5.0 : Super easy class, it was entirely discussion based, and  she understood that not everyone is going to read. Hell I read 1 book throughout the semester and finished with an A! Melissa is one of the nicest, most laid-back professors I have ever met. Though the class was still incredibly eye-opening towards social issues and was very inspirational
5.0 : She is one of the best at Temple. I loved her and she always smiled at me when we saw one another. Shes such a friendly person. 1 Reflection paper, 1 research paper, 1 group presentation and 1 solo presentation based on what you learned yourself in any topic she taught. She assigns books to read explains them thoroughly. Shes just amazing!
5.0 : Although she may not be strict on attendance don't let that fool you because she will think about that when you get a not so good grade. Shes super funny and cares about her students!!!
5.0 : Please teach Mosaics 2
5.0 : Amazing. She is an amazing teacher. There is very little work. Our first assignment was a personal essay. We didn't have to be too detailed, but I was detailed, and she responded with much support and encouragement. She truly cares about her students and hope they learn more about themselves and about the people around them. Highly respected!
5.0 : Wonderful teacher! I wish she could teach Mosaics 2. My class was fun and interesting. She really cares about her students and she takes time to read each of the papers, giving individual feedback to everyone. She really got my thinking about everything.
5.0 : Melissa is the best professor I have ever had. She cares about her students, and shares insight on social issues. Although she is pretty biased, she is amazing. So easy! and hot!
5.0 : Most laid back teacher ever!!! Only wrote 3 papers throughout the entire class. 2 of which were only a page ad a half. She curses from time to time and sometimes shows weird videos, but it is mostly a discussion class.I didn't read or buy a single book and I still got A. She eve gives random days off throughout the semester!!
5.0 : Melissa is a wonderful professor. Her class was interesting because she's so passionate about what she's teaching. She's very knowledgable and excellent at getting students to think outside of the box. She posed a lot of great questions that got us thinking about the material we had to read in a way that connected it to our real life experiences.
5.0 : I've taken both mosaics with Melissa and would take her again. She's passionate and is big on respect. I like how she pushes you and isn't afraid of controversy. We tend to stray away from the books but it makes class discussion more interesting. I actually really admire her even if I don't always agree with her views.
5.0 : She is honestly the best teacher. She is hysterical and extremely down to earth. She is very young and a blast. The class is mostly discussion you really do not have to read the books. No exams. No quizzes. Just two papers and a final project that can be on anything. I actually enjoy going to her class.
5.0 : Melissa is an amazing prof. She's also a babe.
5.0 : Every temple student should be required to take a gen ed with Melissa.
2.5 : I can only say: so so...
4.0 : ok class, he does want to help you though.
1.0 : Nothing learned
5.0 : Had Color Correction with Brandon Watz this past semester. Awesome guy whether he's teaching or you're just talking to him. He knows what he's talking about and is very easy going. Be respectful, show up (or make an effort to), and actually try - even if just asking a couple questions in class. You'll enjoy it!
5.0 : Professor Steiner is a really great teacher. You will do well in his public speaking class as long as you put in the work and practice your speeches. Overall he is a solid choice!
5.0 : He is extremely relatable and understandable. His feedback was always dead on and I saw myself improving after every speech. You definitely have to get the textbook and read for quizzes, but their very simple &amp; straightforward, the textbook is an easy read too- only class I've actually read the textbook for. Overall a super cool guy and cool class.
4.0 : He gives (easy) quizzes every week, so you have to read the chapters. This class was in the evenings from 5:30-8:00 and he rarely stayed on topic of the chapter we read. He expects you to read and pretty much learn from the textbook. However, he is open to answering all questions. Get ready to hear the same jokes over and over?... Really nice guy!
4.0 : Dr. Wisloski is very different with his teaching style. He doesn't do much lecturing, but classes are more of an open forum for students to ask random questions they have about psychology/neuroscience. Just read all the chapters in the book and be prepared for your weekly quiz.
4.0 : This was a very unconventional class. Dr. Wisloski made the course material very interesting. He gives a quiz on the reading each week that is pretty general. You will write a paper for your final. Would take him again, but be prepared to question a lot of things after each class!
5.0 : Professor Wisloski is a great professor. He takes a very big pictured approach for each chapter, and gives a quiz each week based on the reading. He is very entertaining and, in my opinion, is the most realistic professor I have taken at Temple. Very easy to talk to if you want further information on the field or have a question about the course.
5.0 : read the stuff every week that says on the syllabus for your weekly quiz , do the paper, all good. funny man
5.0 : Professor Wisloski is really awesome!  He has a great sense of humor and really wants his students to learn and grasp the information.  For this class, you need to read the book and attend lecture to understand the material and get an A.  However, you can get by by just studying lecture slides.  Definitely take him!  Made me understand stats!
1.0 : He gives a quiz every week. Even if you know the chapter extremely well, you'll still probably only get a max of 95% on the quiz, but he doesn't keep them so you can't even ask what you got wrong. Lectures are a ridiculous waste of time that barely cover the actual material and are spent more talking about random topics. Extremely pointless.
5.0 : He is really good and I love his teaching
5.0 : Drew is the man! By far the funniest, most informal professor I've ever had. At the same time, you learn a whole lot about general psychology without a heavy workload. His lectures are hilarious and eye-opening. As long as you show up to class, skim over the readings, and write a solid midterm paper, you are guaranteed an A.
5.0 : JUST TAKE!! He is seriously awesome. What I do ask of you future students: respect him; come to class having read the material. It's such an easy class, and you will learn so much. But I hated students taking advantage of him, using their phones in class, etc. You will not regret it. Have an open mind and challenge your beliefs. Take!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Come prepared to class, participate in discussion. This is one professor that truly wants his students to succeed. Laid back, realistic, accommodating.
5.0 : Wisloski was one of the better Gen Ed teachers I've had at Temple. Extremely realistic guy who understood that most students in the room weren't science majors. You'll learn a bit and get a decent grade as long as you come to class and turn the work in. Quizzes every class but they weren't super intensive. He generally ended the 3+ hour class early
5.0 : He is a great man. The lectures are what i expected from all college courses and not very test heavy. He doesnt believe in testing just words that wont be remembered. He is a good dude. I loved the class
5.0 : Professor Gagliano is a great  professor! Keeps the class interesting with activities and movie clips. Very caring and is always there to help. Overall a great professor, I highly recommend taking him for this course.
5.0 : Sarah was an amazing professor. She is so sweet and funny. The class covers some touchy subjects, but she was always careful to respect everyone's differences and opinions. The class covers so much but the tests are doable and she is willing to offer help if you are struggling. I loved her as a professor and a person.
5.0 : She's a great professor. We were allowed to have cheat sheets because some people found the tests hard(they really aren't). She also let me skip the final because I already had an A in the class and many other students skipped the final as well. 1 less final to stress out about during finals week is always a good thing and I learned so much.
5.0 : If you do consistently well or improve throughout the year, she gives bonus points.  Only a total of 100 points total in the semester total.
5.0 : She was the best professor ever! She was funny, nice and had a great upbeat attitude despite it being a 2.5 hour lecture. Her lectures kept things very interesting. She keeps a good balance of lecture, videos, examples and discussions during class. VERY easy grader.
5.0 : Sarah is a wonderful instructor.
5.0 : Fantastic. She is here to help you and wants you to learn. Really connects with the class and preps you to deal with Trayes. Weekly reading quizzes make you learn the material. Offers great one on one feedback and will quell your inevitable meltdown bc of Trayes. A sweet person who really cares, take the time to get to know her. Respect is huge.
5.0 : I agree that the class is fast paced, but I worked really hard outside of class and completed all of the assignments Professor Auxter gave us and as long as you do everything on time, it is not too difficult to keep up.  I recommend her to anyone who needs to take a math class!
5.0 : dude flat out knows how to teach. he makes the most boring topics interesting. he helped my older sister find a job and she told me i had to take him and i'm glad i did. keeps things real and i plan to take his sports class netx semester.
5.0 : Only class in America where you watch Nick Nolte in Blue Chips and use the movie as a way to discuss what's wrong today in college sports. He just gets it. One of the best teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : This was the easiest class I've ever taken, in no surprise that it was a 1 credit class. Prof. was very nice and helpful. It was only a half semester long so he allowed 2 absences. You only have to hand in 4 or 5 assignments. I handed in a few of mine really late and he still accepted them. Easy A.
5.0 : dude is awesome - cant say it enough. has to be one of the best profs at Temple as I never had anyone like him. awesome conversation and style.
5.0 : I wish this guy taught every journalism class, then they would be interesting and I'd have some fun. Work doesn't seem like work because it's an awesome class.
4.0 : great class when I had it a year ago. only evening class I ever enjoyed because we talked sports and journalism. Think of it as sports talk radio, but just educated sounding with a historical slant - that's this course.
5.0 : Experience is pretty cool and he's done a bit for being young.  Helped me get first job outta college so I'm grateful for that.  Tough class, but fun.
4.0 : This class was boring but Patrick is really nice. He really cares about seeing students succeed and made that very evident in class. There were few assignments, the quizzes were easy and he gives you advanced notice. He made the class engaging and funny by cracking jokes and encouraging students. He is a good professor to take for this class.
5.0 : This guy is the reason I have a job just as I'm walking out Temple's door.  No class teaches you what he does, I'm proof.  Take him.
3.0 : Told to take this class by a friend even though I don't really have an interest in sports and it turned out to be my favorite classs of the semester.  He grades hard and the paper is tough, but he wants to help and see you do well.  I feel more prepared as a journalist  for taking him.
4.0 : Relatively easy class. People complain about her tests since they're online, but if you read over your notes and have google ready, you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Shwarz's class has a lot of opportunity for extra-credit. She is a fair grader. Very organized. She likes to do a lot of online modules and it feels like you are taking a hybrid class. Seriously! We didn't have to show up to class on Fridays. If you take good notes you will pass.
5.0 : Lovely professor. Hard grader but very fair! He is willing to explain and help whenever needed. I wish I could take his class again.
4.5 : One of the easiest professors I've had at Temple. Just 3 easy tests and a final from which you could be exempted if you have an A. Participation is really the most important aspect to passing. His political jokes came off very awkward at times, but he's a good guy. Very smart man who can teach you more than just Spanish.
4.5 : Dan was an awesome professor. He was really clear and easy to understand. He really helped me understand Stats. He doesn't take attendance but i wouldn't suggesting missing class... this class is an easy A if you come to lecture, pay attention and so the work. Homework isn't hard and is deff helpful practice for exams.
5.0 : Professor Kulper is one of the best professors at Temple. He makes extremely complicated material super easy to understand. Definitely take him for statistics! He is also has a witty sense of humor which makes class lectures fun to attend.
5.0 : It starts off pretty easy but gets tougher as you go. You need the book. Fujiwara sensei is nice, very thorough and open to questions. Vocab is everything, there are quizzes every class. Homework and quizzes are given back the next day. Grades are uploaded quickly. Be serious about this because it's a lot of work! Study hard! Memorization is key!
5.0 : Do your homework, memorize the vocab, and practice. She really wants you to study, and to reinforce what you learn there is a small quiz at the beginning of class every day. You will have to speak Japanese in class in front of everyone, even if you're shy like I am. But all in all everyone loves her and we'd always have a fun time in class.
5.0 : I love Fujiwara Sensei! She's really clear and knows her stuff. She isn't really strict. She points out your grammar mistakes and encourages self-correction. Always gives you back your grades the next class. And she's really pretty and her outfits are always on point! She's the best. Take her class if you can!
5.0 : She is definitely one of the best professors in Temple. Super helpful and yasashii!  A lot of homework and quizzes but it should not be a problem if you have enough passion in learning Japanese.
5.0 : Fujiwara Sensei is amazing. You definitely have to work hard for that A. Try to participate everyday because you'll get called on regardless since it counts towards your grade. Her teaching is straightforward and enjoyable. She is super nice and is a fair grader.
5.0 : I didn't regret taking her for my JPNS 1001, she is one of the best teachers one could have. The class has quiz and homework EVERYDAY and exam every two weeks. Sounds like a lot but she does that only because she wants you to study everyday. Remember to participate in class, don't just wait for her to call on you, or else it will hurt your grade.
5.0 : Fujiwara Sensei is super nice and passionate about Japanese and expects you to be too. Homework and quizzes everyday to really enforce the vocab and language. You will have to work and memorize to get an A in this class. She really puts an emphasis on verbal and encourages self-correction. Overall, be passionate about it and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Beautiful person, inside an out. Always there to help. All around amazing!
4.0 : Awesome teacher, this coming from someone who hates spanish classes. He has a great sense of humor (in Spanish at that) and would go off on tangents about the Spanish language that made lectures interesting. Highly recommended.
4.5 : I loved Diaz! I took him for two separate classes. He's very clear with what he expects and is always willing to answer any questions students may have. Homework assignments can be a bit tedious. I would definitely take him again.
4.0 : He's passionate about he's teaching which makes the class really enjoyable. He assigns reading but doesn't expect you to dig deep, more or so get the general idea of the text. If you do not participate your grade will not be as high. I really recommend this class if you are looking for a humanities gen ed(Immigration and the American Dream).
5.0 : Angel was a great professor lecture is never long and boring, lectures are discussion based. He's a funny guy, often cracks jokes that makes himself laugh and the class. Homework is never hard you just have to do the readings from the selected novels. Tests are rare and fairly easy. Attendance is not mandatory to pass but will impact your grade.
5.0 : I learned so much from this guy. He's funny, incredibly knowledgeable, and is invested in his students' success. There are very few tests, interesting in class work, doable homework, and a reasonable honors project if you're in that section. I can't recommend taking one of his classes enough.
4.5 : Profe is comical and helpful. He is a native speaker and class was many times discussion and conversation lead. He really understands the language and helps immensely. The class is fairly easy and enjoyable. I would love to have more classes from him. He is easy going and hilarious. His hair is great and he has a lot of personality.
5.0 : Great prof! Loved her class! No exams just papers. No required texts BUT many required readings so be aware...
4.5 : I took his summer anime course (before it was combined with the manga course). His lectures were interesting, the anime we watched really showed the history, and the only grade we had was for a 20 page paper at the end of the course (my paper was only 13 pages long and I got a 100).
4.5 : GREAT professor. Teaches anime class, if you like Japanese anime culture TAKE IT. Easy  with great lectures. It is not simple anime only, but also study deep about background, like post-war japan etc....  I LOVE HIM and HIS CLASS. if you need credits, take it.
3.5 : Has a tendency to ramble but is very nice. There will be a group project with pre-determined topics to choose from. Will fast-forward through films, which can be a bit frustrating. Reading responses are required and checked nearly every class. Group discussions happen with each reading.
4.0 : Reading responses required, discussions occur along with these. There is a group project. She's good at steering people to be unbiased when doing their final research paper. Lots of rough drafts, but her feedback makes it worthwhile. There is a group project, but graded individually.
5.0 : Great instructor. Real nice, with lots of talking. It gets you thinking.
3.0 : This professor loves to talk for endless hours making the class very boring and hard to concentrate. She takes a good twenty minutes to explain the most basic stuff such as giving instructions on writing an essay. The long explanation actually makes me feel more confused and not listen to her in the end.
5.0 : Andrew is an awesome professor. His class is fun and easy. Definitely, I would take it again if I can.
4.0 : TAKE HIS CLASS. If he is an option you should take him! Even though he is mostly in CC its worth it. He helps you when you need it. Gives extra credit if the class does bad and lets class out early if everything is covered.
4.0 : Dr. Lowe knows her stuff.  I took her for a graduate course (Material Culture) and she was awesome.  Take her because her class is interesting, engaging, and worth it!
4.5 : Professor Lowe is great! She's funny, knowledgeable, and really quirky. Attendance is a must. No tests, 3 small papers, and one large paper/presentation. Do the readings, show up, and take her advice on your papers.
2.5 : Do not take Lowe for 1102 if you don't have to!!!! She does entirely too much for an 1100 level class. 3 books with extensive reading, 4 papers and 4 quizzes in which she grades too harshly and makes hard on purpose and a midterm in which she had to curve because no one did well on it and a final that's cumulative!!!
3.5 : Dr. Lowe has a very lively and endearing way of talking. As friendly as she is, she expects people to participate in class. Be ready to talk. We have to complete weeklyish Blogs, 2  papers and a 9 page paper-final. She is definitely not a boring professor. Do not be late- even 5 min, because then you have to email her later that you were in class.
5.0 : A very accessible and funny professor. This class requires a lot of writing so beware. She takes attendance very seriously and you'll lose 10 points a day if you don't come to class. Conversations can get deep or they can be very lighthearted. Really enjoyed this class.
3.0 : She gives blue book exams and assigns a good bit of reading, but overall the class isn't too hard. The papers are more labor intensive than most, but the topics are pretty interesting. Worst thing is that lecture isn't always caught up with reading, but both are fair game for quizzes. Her lectures are fun and engaging, though.
4.0 : I really enjoyed Professor Lowe's Reading Culture class. She is very smart and the way she structured the class was great - it all lead up to a final paper. Made the class very relatable to students which was very enjoyable. Learning was taken outside of the classroom which was really neat. If you are a good writer you will be fine ! Great proff !
5.0 : Dry sense of humor but clearly cares about his students. Offered a lot of information about applying for doctoral programs in Psychology. Scheduling time to work on the group project tough for part-time students that work full-time. Allows room to reflect on how your views of changed over the course of the class. I wish he were full-time faculty.
5.0 : By far the nicest, most considerate professor I've ever had. Very egalitarian classroom, highly concerned with the experience of her students. Fosters good class discussion, and always keeps it interesting. Papers, group projects, quizzes; not a single test. Do the textbook and article readings or you'll be left out in the discussions.
4.0 : Ms. Gatling is the  bomb. Took her as a freshman for Art of Acting. Still love and respect her. Breaks you out of your comfort zone but you have an awesome time doing it. If you try your absolute best, she will reward you when it comes to your grade. Gave me an A!
5.0 : Sean Yom is the best professor I've ever had at Temple. His lectures are amazing and the tests aren't too hard as long as you go to class.
4.5 : Great teacher, really got me into political science. Extremely knowledgeable, good lectures, can actually make a dry concept like oil rents hold your attention. He also doesn't require you to buy any textbooks and posts the class readings on Blackboard. How can one man be so based?
5.0 : TAKE HIM! I LOVED Prof Yom. Me and my boyfriend took him together &amp; he was our fave class. He is a great guy, easy grader, conveys information crystal clearly. 2 tests, easy. A few easy papers. I never read and passed with an A. Make sure you go and pay attention to lectures, though. Posts everything online. I would take him again.
5.0 : So far I have loved professor Sean Yom. His lectures are interesting and chock full of valuable information. He posts all of his lectures on blackboard so there is no need to scramble to take notes during class. Overall Sean Yom is a highly respected professor and I would certainly take him again!
5.0 : I had Yom for the Honors class, completely discussion and essay based, no tests. He cared about students and was interested in what we had to say and made sure we understood all of the readings, because many were tough. Gave us all the readings as PDFs on blackboard, no textbook. Taking him again next semester
5.0 : Easiest class in the world that requires little attendance (he cancels pretty often), but every lecture is full of fascinating information that he presents engagingly. Posts all the lectures on blackboard so don't stress if you miss class. He does spot check attendance, so do your best to show up and you'll get an A.
5.0 : If you're schedule is packed, Sean will always get you out on time. You don't have to do any of the readings because his lectures are comprehensive. His test review is almost exactly what will be on the test. He cancels class a lot, but you don't feel behind on the curriculum. DEFINITELY TAKE
5.0 : Amazing instructor!
4.5 : I took her my 1st semester, and though I didn't need the class thanks to bad advising, it ended up being a blessing in disguise. It was one of my fave classes at Temple due to the fact I met some of my closest friends in there. It's a relaxed atmosphere, sort of common sense stuff learning wise, but you can easily get an A by putting in the work.
5.0 : Very nice and extremely smart. Gives a lot of readings and weekly reading logs (which are basically mini-papers) but they are easy enough. She is specific about what she wants from you, so if you are lazy and don't follow directions she WILL notice and take off points. Just try your best, do the work, and don't be lazy. The class is actually fun!
5.0 : Really good teacher, helped break down the material. Has pop quizzes as attendance and three exams for the semester. If you go to class and do homework the class is easy.
5.0 : I took Professor Kelly for three different classes and he really peaked my interest. Tests are hard but homework assignments are the shortest I have had in the econ department. Also gives curves on tests. What he wants is not always clear but he's an awesome guy and I would definitely suggest him to others.
4.0 : He genuinely wants his students to learn but can have trouble teaching concepts to students who are new to the subject. He is caring and values objectivity and critical thinking. Good class to take if you have had previous Econ experience.
5.0 : Professor Kelly is the man! If you see him on campus, he won't act like he didn't see you. Real people person. He explains himself in lectures. He gives great examples during lectures too. Class is not hard. Do the homework. Study if you want. He also gives helpful practice tests as study guides for tests. Skim it and you are fine.
2.0 : Professor Kelly is an energetic young guy, but you can tell he's new to 3501. Trailed off on many lectures and wasn't completely clear on powerpoints and quiz/hw questions unless he crafted them himself. Gives tons of EC. Homework is tough, tests usually not similar. Not always available for office hours. Class was fun, can tell he's still learning
4.0 : James was my recitation professor. He went over the materials that we had to know from class and explained everything very well.
2.5 : Professor Kelly is very helpful if you come see him in office hours, but his class is very hard to understand. His tests are very tough, and a lot of the test material won't come from class, but from the book. He gives out pop quizzes, but it's mostly an attendance grade so he knows that you're showing up.
4.5 : Professor Kelly is a great professor with positive energy and always willing to help his students! If you go to his office hours he will help you understand the material better! He is the best Intermediate Microeconomics Professor at Temple! Take him, and if you work hard and put in the effort you will pass!
5.0 : Had for recitation. He's a great teacher, very passionate about economics and teaches concepts well. Gives a quiz in recitation each week that can either be a cake walk or impossible, but it's not a huge deal because they aren't worth much of the final grade. Definitely the best TA for Micro.
5.0 : Participation- easy 1 question weekly quiz just to check if you're there then 2 midterms and a final and homework online with two chances per question. He's there to answer all of your questions and wants you to receive the best grade possible as long as you try. Volunteer and he will know who you are and he will explain anything again
3.0 : This class is really hard. He's a good professor willing to put in time for you outside class and available to answer questions. He comes to class prepared. he isn't a bad choice. Its just the content is hard to understand. Study his notes and line it up with the book. Work hard and try your best. You'll make it with his help. He curves tests too
5.0 : Professor Kelly Is one of the best Professors at Temple. He really wants to see his students succeed and will do everything he can to help students understand the material. Highly recommend him!
4.0 : Prof. Kelly is super nice and is a lot better than most professors in economics. Small class and really will help you if you need it. Quizzes are super easy, if you just come to class you'll be fine. If most of the class skips, he will probably give a quiz to spite you lol.
4.0 : Professor Kelly is the best. He's so smart and explains micro really well. It's so nice to be in class bc he goes over all the homework and really gives you the best shot possible.
4.0 : Megeara means well and makes class easy but it was very evident it was her first year teaching.  The class was Teens and Tweens after all but she treated us like tweens with childish projects and assignments.  It was her first year teaching so give her time.  Definitely nothing to be afraid of.
5.0 : Dr. Glah was an awesome professor! She really cares about her students and her class was really fun! Obviously if you don't go she's not just going to hand you a good grade but she's really understanding. Will take her again!
5.0 : Dr. Glah was a 10/10 professor. Class wasn't boring tests weren't bad plus she was pretty hot ngl. Definitely take her it's definitely worth it.
5.0 : The class wasn't my easiest but Dr. Glah was really understanding and helped me a lot. She even went out of her way to help me which I really appreciated. She cares about her students! I would suggest her to all my friends!
5.0 : Great class.
4.0 : She's a firm believer in active learning so make sure you participate. I had her for Tweens and Teens, a gen ed course, and she made it pretty painless. There were just a lot of readings and 2 major projects throughout the course. It was a decent GenEd for Human Behavior.
3.5 : This was a fun class, lots of discussion. There were many group projects and class activities. there are "pop" quizzes as well. You must PUT IN EFFORT TO RECEIVE AN A. like all classes.
5.0 : Dr. Glah is such a great professor! I really loved having her I would recommend her to all of my friends. She's well respected and caring, she knows you have a life outside of class which has been a blessing for me haha. Just take her!
4.5 : He is my favorite professor at temple and love to take him again. I don't rate professor much, but i'll take time out of my day for him. All his quiz and exam are online and you have 3 presentation and 1 debate.
5.0 : This Prof is awesome, Everyday he played salsa music as we strolled into our night class. He makes his class, The Environment, very active and ready to participate and learn. Always Always Always enjoyed going to Roccos class and I learned a lot out ecosystems and the sustainability. THANKS ROCCO!
4.0 : I really found this class interesting, I went into it not really caring about the environment and now I am actually really concerned. I took his class at a once a week night class and even though he keeps you the entire time he manages to make the class interesting and relatable!
4.0 : Professor Rocco is a very engaging professor.  He made me interested in the subject, despite that i was in a 2.5 hour long night class.  He really gets the class involved.  Tests and quizzes are online and fairly easy.
5.0 : Took him for a night class. Super nice, super approachable, super down to earth. Works in some environmental office for state of pennsylvenia, so he knows what he is talking about--very passionate about the environment. Class is easy, and if you show up, and give average effort, you will earn an A, and have a fun time too. Highly suggest.
5.0 : Rocco is an amazing guy. He teaches really well and for a night class, he really makes you enjoy it. There is a lot of extra credit so if you don't have the grade you want towards the end of the semester you will get it if you do the extra credit. Tests and quizzes were online but take your time with them or die. I highly ROCCOmend him!
5.0 : prof rocco didn't make the class hard at all. there's about 3 online tests within the course and 2 quiz's. they're open book obviously because it's online. theres a couple presentation with little to no textbook use. go to class because attendance is mandatory!!!!!! also, if it's a night class.. ur not getting out early. ever.
4.5 : The first time I took precalc with another prof I got a D despite getting a 96 on the final exam.  The next semi I took this class with Andrew, he was a much better teacher and I got an A.  This is why we use this site the prof makes all the difference.. Take Gehman and work a little hard for an A.  Can't really get by without a textbook either.
4.0 : Cool guy, great at teaching this course. Get help before it's too late on exams please!!
5.0 : He's probably the best math teacher I have ever had or will have... He actually cares about his students and does not say no when you ask for help. Overall he's probably around 25 and he should be a tenured professor already.
5.0 : The best teacher, take him!
5.0 : There is a four question quiz every class and there's four exams all semester. Gehman is a little passive aggressive when no one participates but he's really nice.
5.0 : This guy is amazing. Very straightforward and willing to help you if you have questions. He's young and really nice and he makes math easy to understand. The subject matter can be a little boring, but it's math so it's to be expected.
5.0 : he is very nice and easy-going , everytime you ask him a question he would be very patient to answer. There will have much time in each test, and it is very easy to get a high remark as long as you watch his ppt, i strongly suggest to take his class and you will be very happy in each class.
5.0 : He's a great guy, and definitely knows his Stats. His lectures seemed to drag, but the class was a over 2 hours, and Stats isn't too interesting to begin with. He does, however, teach the content well, and will help you if you need it. There are a few tests, so if you do bad on 1, don't sweat it. Also, the projects are easy A's to boost your grade.
4.0 : She explains the material very well and doesn't judge you for not doing well. She's very approachable and willing to help.
3.5 : I took Calc I in HS so this course was a breeze. I know a lot of kids in my class really struggled that aren't as smart and don't have as much background in math as me but if you come to class and pay attention and do the homework there's no reason you can't pass. She is very helpful and if you go to office hours she'll take time with you.
5.0 : Probably the absolute best professor you can ask for in the Math dept. at Temple. If you can take her class, DO IT. Trust me.
4.5 : Dr. Panofsky cares deeply about teaching, and this comes across. True, she does not tolerate any BS from her students. We are supposed to be adults, so act like it. She is not afraid to call those out who don't. Do the work, and go to see her if you are confused. She will spend all the time she has to help one student understand.
2.5 : Panofsky went way too fast and did not express a lot of care for students who were struggling in this class.
5.0 : Ellen is the only Calculus professor out of the 3 that I have had that has helped me learn at all. She helped me pass Calc 1 and Calc 2 (both on my second try). She's so incredibly clear and evenly-paced that she can't make it any easier for you to follow along. She's also very patient and not condescending if you're struggling.
2.0 : All exams consist of problems you have never seen before, and Panofsky is to blame for that. She does not prepare you at all and moves way too fast. She also takes attendance every single class and sometimes has an attitude. I am very disappointed with her and the entire Mathematics department at Temple. Sad.
4.0 : Super easy teacher. Explains the material very clearly and is easily accessible for office hours if you need extra help. The quizzes are really easy. The only homework is online work that takes an hour at most. Overall, a really good teacher.
2.0 : Her class was okay. I attended every single class because it was clear from the beginning if you miss a class you will, in fact, be LOST. Especially if you took pre-calc at temple which is a whole other story (terrible). Her quizzes are pretty hard and I dont think she preps that well for the test . &amp; She goes super fast.. Nice lady though
5.0 : Literally never felt the need to rate a professor in my 5 semesters in college until now. GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS AND YOU CAN ACHIEVE ANYTHING. She cares a lot about her students and how they understand the material. As long as you are actually trying, she will meet you halfway.
5.0 : Pretty Good! You can tell that she knows a lot about what is taught and enjoys teaching. This was my first time ever taking Calculus in my life and I finished with a B. I found it most helpful to try the list of TB and Hw problems that she gives on your own first and then go to her office hours and tutoring until you totally understand.
5.0 : Take the class! Take the class!  Take the class!  I am a retired U.S. Army veteran. My last year in high-school was 1981.  Dr. Lombardi made learning interesting and you get a second chance on all assignment to get a better grade. TEACHING AT ITS BEST! Other teachers could learn from this leader.
4.0 : Definitely take a class with Dr. Lombardi! He's super nice and really loves teaching this class. He is very easy with grading and let's you redo any assignments you may need. The class is really easy and relatively fun. Some busy work, but overall a great class.
5.0 : I am going to fangirl so hard right now. He is seriously the first incredible education teacher i have ever had, and  i am so excited that he teaches methods for science.  His power-points could be posted a little earlier, but not a big deal.  He very effectively condenses our super dense text into 40 min lectures w 20 min group work.
5.0 : Very helpful, quizzes require you to read articles. You need to follow the essay structure he teaches. He's a TOUGH grader, but he will help you so much you can still get an A. Very nice guy too!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. He's hilarious. Grading criteria is extremely clear. The feedback he provides is helpful. The man deserves a raise. Presentations weren't as bad as I thought coming into the class, you must participate otherwise say goodbye to 4% of your grade.
4.5 : Funny guy, but he extremely tough on the participation. You have to participate like five thousand times then you can get full credits for the participation part, which equals to 4.5% of your grade. But quiz are easy and short. Papers are not that long, and he will tell you what you need to write. Presentations are little bit tough.
4.5 : Has a sense of humor but he's a tough grader, gives decent feedback although he made us wait 3 weeks to give one of our papers back. PARTICIPATE... I'm pretty sure that 60% of our class got 0.5 out of 4.5 for participation. But overall helpful and provides clear examples of what he looks for in our papers.
5.0 : Great Professor, Very clear instructions, follow it for A grade. Class is overrated, he makes it easy. Use business writing center for grammar ONLY! just follow what he wants for easy A. Helpful. Inspirational. Give Feedback. Very Clear. Participation Required. Funny &amp; Geninue Prof.
5.0 : He is a funny teacher. If you like dry humor, you'll enjoy his jokes. Pay attention and take notes. He will tell you everything that is expected of you. He is approachable and wants you to succeed IF you're willing to do the work. One of the better professors I had at Temple.
5.0 : Prof. Miller is amazing!!Seriously, take him! You certainly won't regret it. One of the best professors I've had. He is a cool guy, and I also learned a great deal in his class. He is very straight-forward, fair grader. This is the only class this semester I actually wanted to attend.
4.5 : So so so good. So funny, concise, approachable, energizing. A much better college course than most others. He challenges everyone to succeed. Follow his instructions tightly. Don't get too creative in your writing beyond what is assigned. He explains everything you need to know. Just follow it like you are assembling Ikea furniture. Step-by-step.
5.0 : My favorite professor!  He clearly explains what is expected so it's easy to get a good grade.  Provides good feedback and cares about his students.  I got an A but was on the border because of participation, it really does matter!  You need to participate if you want an A.
5.0 : Dr Coe was the best professor I had at Temple. Soils isn't easy, but it's not as bad as you may think. He has a talent for making lectures really interesting! You won't be bored. If you have him, make sure you take down everything he writes on the board because you WILL be tested on it. Cheat sheets for every test and quiz :)  Also, go to class!!!
5.0 : He's very helpful. skip the class and you wont pass because he only teaches you what you're gonna get on the test.
5.0 : He really knows what's he's talking about.  He makes sure to go over all the topics that need to be covered while still being able to let us out early.  He asks during class frequently if we have questions and he's very approachable so if a student does have questions we don't feel nervous/scared asking. He's amazing! Take him if you can
5.0 : Lab instructor was incredibly nice and helpful. The only problem I had was not having enough time with the models. They have open lab Monday nights but I had a class Monday night. I did poorly on the exams because of this.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best teachers I've ever had. I wish I could take 1224 lab with her. She really wants students to understand and is so helpful. Makes learning this challenging material super easy. Funny too. Trust me, if you can take lab with her, do it!
5.0 : great instructor, I had her for Kin1223 Lab. very easy to talk to and makes the material easy and fun to learn. Willing to stay after to clarify any information. If you can, pick her as your instructor!
5.0 : Absolutely the best teacher ever. I had her for Saturday morning labs and even still she made it worth going to. Anatomy lab was a breeze because of her. Wish they would let her teach lab for 1224.
3.0 : He's a nice guy but his lectures were dry and always made me want to fall asleep. He didn't interest me enough with the topics he discussed. I guess my only advice is not to take him for a morning class. Also, be prepared for a lot of reading.
5.0 : She's amazing. most professors don't care about students like she does.
5.0 : She was my teacher for politics of identity. Best class I have ever had at Temple.
4.0 : Really a great professor. She's extremely cooperative, reasonable and friendly, and always willing to work with you. As long as you show genuine interest in the class, expect a good grade.
5.0 : Such a nice professor. All quizzes were online and open book (3 throughout the semester). Really cares about his students. I took his class called The Environment and the lessons and material were really interested. Lots of video clips and cool photos on the powerpoints. Professor Johnson rules!
5.0 : He was a great professor, I would take him again. He's super easy, put minimal effort and you'll get an A. Trust me. Oh and DON'T BUY THE BOOK!!!!!
5.0 : EASY A! TAKE MARK JOHNSON FOR THE ENVIRONMENT! Really great professor. If you do the work you're fine (minimal work &amp; effort). He was funny, caring, and very interesting. Don't even need to buy the $100 textbook (he tells you not to). All quizzes and final are online (his ppt are very helpful1) Class is Lab, 3 quiz, article review, lab, and final
5.0 : He's very laid back and keeps the class entertaining. As long as you pay attention to the notes in class, you'll get 100%s on the quizzes, which there are only a few of. He always starts exactly on time, but is pretty lenient with people coming in late.  Overall he's a very nice guy and a great professor.
5.0 : TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN.  EXTREMELY easy Gen-Ed.  All his quizzes are online, no in-class exams.  Easy grader, very nice and understanding professor.  Best part- doesn't require a text book.  In fact, he encourages students to not waste their money on it!
5.0 : He is one of the best teachers I have had during my college career so far. Always 100% prepared, interacts in class, and very helpful if you need help with anything. He is quick to get back to questions and concerns as well. Easy grader as long as you show up, the work is extremely easy. This class is cake and I actually learned a lot from it.
5.0 : Very easy gen ed yet you still learn a lot. All quizzes are online so basically open internet. Assignments are straight forward and simple. They also allow you to focus on something you are interested in. Great class.
5.0 : WONDERFUL CLASS!!!EASY A!!! THIS PROFESSOR IS REALLY A KIND GUY!!!!
5.0 : I love Mark Johnson. I would recommend him to anyone. He's so sweet and genuinely cares for his students. He wants everyone to get an A and the work is pretty simple.
4.5 : Prof. Hoeffel is a great guy. 4 easy response papers that are around 500 words a piece combined with a 2000 word final paper that make up the majority of your grade. Very friendly and approachable. If your looking for an easy PS class and a nice guy take him!
2.0 : dreadfully boring.  repetitive teaching.  is a very strange person.
5.0 : I had the pleasure of having Jennifer Freeman as an instructor for 5 classes during my time in the Research Track at Temple. She is a great professor who gives clear expectations, cares about her students, and prepares them for the real world. I credit the skills learned in her classes for much of my success after graduation to her instruction.
1.5 : Jennifer is unclear, un-organized, and un-fit to teach Advertising Research. Having her as a professor was a logistics nightmare. You know how some people complain how certain teachers act like you don't take 4 other classes? Like how some professors think their class is your entire life? Even for an intro class? Welcome Jennifer. Not a fan.
5.0 : Jennifer Freeman is a great professor in the advertising department. She really cares about her student's academic and professional pursuits. She creates a great class environment, that makes participation and in-class learning simple and interesting.
5.0 : Advertising research at Temple would be nothing without Jennifer. She teaches a topic most people are unfamiliar with prior to her class, and provides students the resources and knowledge to pursue careers and internships in the field. It was a great class and I am happy to take her classes again!
3.0 : I'm not an advertising major so this class was not really my field of interest however I will admit I did learn a good amount from this class. One thing that really annoyed me though was that there were a lot of assignments like HW which was communicated very poorly. It would be posted on Blackboard and we were expected to check every single night
4.5 : Her lectures are fantastic - she's funny, she knows her stuff, and asks compelling questions to get the class really interested in the material. And she bakes the best brownies. Definitely someone to take while in college.
4.5 : Gerrish has to be one of my fave profs so far at Temple, unfortunately this is her last semester there, so I'm glad I got to take her one last time.  She's real down to earth and you can connect with her in a good way. Heightened my interest more than it was in Classics history. I didnt even need Greek his this semester, but took it anyway for her.
5.0 : I don't get why Dr. G has only a 3.3 for easiness. She's incredibly straight forward in what she expects out of you. Quizzes are incredibly easy. Tests aren't easy, but if you come prepared you'll be fine. I probably spent about 20 hours per test studying (there was only two). Absolutely recommend!
5.0 : Professor was very knowledgeable about the subject matter and is eager to help the students if they are having trouble.  She expects you to read the assignments and the quiz and test questions reflected that.  She was awesome and I would take a class of hers again.
5.0 : Dr. Gerrish is BY FAR the best foreign language professor I ever had. Its hard to come about such professors in these particular fields. Her class is super fun, but demanding at the same time. She is extremely helpful if you seem to be struggling but she will only put forth the amount of work and effort that you show her. Fantastic teacher!
2.0 : Absolutely awful. Couldn't stand. Very bad never take her class omg so hard moves so quickly is impossible to pass and when whole class has a D she says "none of you are working hard enough"  really hate her
2.0 : Awful... He calls people names and makes people very uncomfortable. Don't take this if you don't have to!!
4.5 : I am tired of thinking!  He is amazing!
4.5 : Had her as my SPAN1001 lab instructor; liked her so much I picked my SPAN 1002 class based on the fact she was lab instructor again. She's super fair, answers emails and works with her students. Really nice and helpful, super easy grader. Do the work (easy for me personally), show up, and you'll definitely pass. You have to be dumb or a bum to fail
5.0 : She's very nice and she understands that not everyone will go on to other courses but encouarages learning. Makes class fun. A decent amount of homework but she is fair.
4.5 : Erica is an excellent professor. She is completely fair and is willing to work with you. She responds to e-mails promptly and sets you up to do well!
5.0 : Erica is super sweet! She is a great teacher and she's always willing to help if you need it! She is super understanding. But if you arent a fan of classroom participation I wouldnt take her class
5.0 : Erica is very knowledgable when it comes to Spanish even though she's not a native speaker. She pushes you even though she understands individual skill levels. I enjoyed the class and am continuing Spanish. She gives you feedback on everything. You can go to office hours.  Highly recommend her.
5.0 : Erica is honestly a sweetheart. She's very  reasonable and is always willing to work with you if you have a crisis/situation. She will remember if/when you are genuinely interested in the Spanish and the topics discussed. Reasonable grader. Being in her class honestly just feels like a breeze because she creates such a friendly atmosphere.
5.0 : Nice teacher but a lot of writing assignments.
5.0 : Brian is awesomeeeee! People should be fighting to get into his course. He is fair, fun and friendly. His energy is amazing and he really makes the class fly by! but you must attend class and participate, very important.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had! makes the class interesting. Very helpful! Shows videos to relate even more to the topic! I would take him again in a heartbeat
5.0 : Awesome Teacher!
5.0 : It's a really fun class. We read and talk a lot.
4.5 : Class is based upon discussion and Alex is good at trying to get the class to talk. A lot of the information covered is controversial, but the prof teaches it in a great manner. Participation is a huge portion of your grade along with attendance.
5.0 : Alex is an amazing professor and I've learned so much in his history and significance of race in america course. Do yourself a favor and just read what he gives you, it's super interesting and it'll keep you updated about the current issues that are seen as controversial.
4.5 : Great class
5.0 : It's just a different class then you are expecting. There are no lectures, just discussion and debate. And we talk about everything, so it can be controversial, but he makes it clear at the beginning of class that if you decide to take the class you are going to challenged and pushed. Don't take it if you don't want that.
5.0 : This class was really incredible. Alex is extremely passionate about what he teaches and about making his students better people. He can seem rough around the edges but he really just doesn't have time for your BS. People blow the class off bc its a GenEd but he just wants you to take it seriously (and you should, this is important stuff)
5.0 : Professor Melonas just wants you to read and have class discussions. Thats the point of the class. And he'll push you and push you until you start to do that. If you're not participating, he'll talk to you. There's also a lot of writing in the class, but no long papers or research projects. He grades fast with lots of comments.
5.0 : Alex is a cool professor. Very intelligent and knows his material. If you attend every class and participate, you will do great. Make sure you read all of the readings, which is a lot, but doable. I would recommend taking him.
2.5 : This class is ridiculous. You should probably changed your political affiliation to Democrat now, because if you believe in any Republican theories, you will leave the class scratching your head. He forces his own ideas upon you and if you think differently from him, you are wrong. If you are taking this class for a GenEd, look for something else.
5.0 : Alex is a great teacher and a nice person. The readings are challenging, but they teach you a lot about race, gender and ableism and he selects good authors. Make sure to read a bit each day and always take notes. Your notes will help a LOT with the 3 required papers, which are only 3 pages/double spaced. I would take a class with him again.
5.0 : Nice guy, helpful, funny. He stresses participation so raise your hand. Exams and assignments were simple enough, not too difficult because he explains them well and gives you more than enough time to complete it. I'll def take him again, one of my favorite professors in STHM
5.0 : Sheridan was the bomb. He was so funny and made me want to go to his class every day. I wish I could have him for every class. Take him.
5.0 : He's an OK guy.  He's pretty funny.  Tries to get the class involved. Always available outside of the classroom for anything school or professionally related.
5.0 : I had Professor Sheridan for a 9 AM class last semester, and he was still lively and hilarious. His class was a great way to wake up every morning. Very direct about what he wants you to know for the tests. He provided test question guides for each exam, but it was a lower level class. Don't be late or he will publicly bust you for it!!
5.0 : Most definitely one of my favorite professors in THM! He has a great sense of humor &amp; makes learning fun. Homework assignments are extremely simple just make sure that you do them. Participation is MANDATORY and projects weren't too difficult. I would definitely take his class over again!
5.0 : He is awesome.  He tries to scare you in the beginning of the semester, but it's not as bad as you think. I got A's on the "quizzes" which are really tests. You just need to study for an hour or two and you'll be fine.  He is really helpful and a wonderful teacher. There's pretty much no homework except a partnership project and a group project.
5.0 : One of the best professors in STHM. He's hilarious and kee
5.0 : One of the best professors in STHM. He's hilarious in and out of class and keeps your attention during lectures. He reviews before every quiz and "dumbs things down" by giving real life examples instead of textbook definitions. It's an easy class, but PARTICIPATION IS MANDATORY or you will definitely fail.
5.0 : lifetime professor. a very smart guy and easy to talk to. He gives amazing lectures. I did not like this course at all but I still go to his class and spend a lot of time on it. He has charisma. However, he gives a lot of hw as well. : (
4.0 : I really liked Wanda. She is clear about assignments and refers to the syllabus. She can come off as dry but she really isn't. I just think people asked too many questions that the answers were on the syllabus. READ YOUR SYLLABUS! She is helpful when you need it.
5.0 : Generous grader, learn lots.
5.0 : She was an awesome teacher. I had her for an 8 AM  my first semester Freshman year and she made it bearable. The tests are super easy as long as you go to class and she makes the material incredibly easy.
5.0 : Excellent teacher, very organized, and she explains the lessons efficiently and clearly.
5.0 : Take her for your stat class and trust me you wont regret it! She always helps her students and she is really good at explaining things. The coolest lecturer ever!
5.0 : She makes math super easy and painless! She explains everything clearly and always reviews before every test. I definitely recommend taking her!
5.0 : She is absolutely amazing!! She definitely understands what it is to be a college student and therefore makes math a breeze!  You do not always have to attend but if you are almost at the next letter grade up she will boost it if she sees ur name on the attendance. You dont need the textbook but you have to buy the online code to do the homework.
5.0 : Liz is awesome.  Super nice and easy going with everything.  Explains everything thoroughly.  Do not buy the book! It is useless and is not cheap.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. I hate math, but she actually made it bearable. TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : She explains everything thoroughly. I would say that she  is the best math teacher I have had so far.
4.0 : She is nice but I found that she gave a lot of homework and didn't exactly know what she was talking about sometimes. I think it was hard for her to teach hard concepts.
5.0 : If I could have Liz for every class, I would. Not only do you actually learn things, but she makes it so easy to understand. She makes sure EVERYONE understands what she's talking about before she moves on and doesn't make anyone feel like a bother if they need further explanations. As long as you pay attention and follow along it's very easy.
5.0 : DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. I REPEAT. DO NOT. Save your money. Liz is an awesome teacher and you will never need to refer to a textbook when you have someone like her. SO easy to understand. I wish I could have her again. Loved her and her class. A MUST take professor.
4.5 : Professor Melnick was one of my favorite professors this semester. He not only teaches you persuasive writing but explains it through his amazing experience in the Advertising world. If you have the option to take him, I definitely would, as he's not only a great professor, but a great person to know period.
5.0 : I take all of my classes on line and with the wrong professor this can be a disaster. Justin has by far been my favorite professor. The work wasn't over whelming and he did everything he could to make his lectures interesting and clear, since I think a lot can get lot in a web chat style lecture. Very helpful and encouraging, love his class!!
5.0 : Marie is a consummate professional who enjoys sharing her professional world with aspiring students.
4.5 : Marie is GREAT I had her in a condensed class of 4 weeks and I learned so much! She loves participation and unlike many professors she used to be a trainer so her perspective is a lot more relatable to your everyday life.
4.5 : Professor Linley is awesome! As a study abroad student, Linley was a better professor than many from my home institution. He's really engaging and knowledgeable in his topics. As long as you go to his lectures and take good notes, you'll be fine. I've never been interested with Poli Sci, but Linley sparked my interest in the subject!
4.5 : I really loved Linley's class. He is open to class discussion and is very knowledgeable of (specifically East Asian, South Asian, and Pacific)International Affairs. He's a nice guy, not 'out to get' students in any way. If you like politics - you will like his class.
4.5 : Her class is really intresting.
4.0 : Prof. Fugo is an all-around interesting guy. Amount of work for his class is just above none. Two easy papers and minor participation assignments for each class. Easy to talk to and extremely respectful of everyone's opinion. Classes can easily get off track but will always follow an interesting topic so you won't be bored. Definitely recommend.
4.0 : My favorite professor this past semester. First-name basis, super helpful, always willing to meet. Revised the syllabus half-way through the semester. Content can be boring and reading assignments can get annoying (and not always necessary). Participate in class, put effort in the papers, and back up your beliefs.
5.0 : Very enthusiastic, super chill and animated professor. His teaching style makes it impossible to trail off,  and is extremely engaging, not to mention he's attractive which is a bonus. His very interactive classes add to the charm of the subject, and is very approachable. He encourages and pushes up those who show enthusiasm. EXTREMELY easy grader.
5.0 : best professor. Stay in groups all semester but it is a great way to learn. willing to explain and is easy to go to when confused. Best professor I've had
4.0 : Overall a really great professor. The material is sometimes unbearable, but he is very clear in his explanations and it helps keep the class semi-interesting. Make sure you read for the pop quizzes because the questions on them are extremely easy and open note.
4.5 : Books themselves aren't necessarily the greatest, but he makes it interesting with his "what makes human life matter" approach. Not a hard class at all as long as you go to class every day.  He's also really hot.
5.0 : Amazing professor. He is my favorite so far at Temple. He is a pretty easy grader and a really fair guy. He cares about his students and is there to help you. Don't be scared by the pop quizzes just pay attention to what he says in class. There is a decent amount of group work but it's all really easy and there is only 1 paper. take him, low stress
4.5 : Fugo is one of my favorite professorsteachers of all time.  Course was very easy but we definitely learned a lot. Really great at engaging students and couldn't be more laid back. If you can get around the fact that he's distractingly good looking, you should absolutely take him.
5.0 : although his papers were long, and textual analyses were long- besides that you'll survive. As long as u get the books, take lots of notes, and keep up with the syllabus you'll do fine. Plus hes cute- but married!- lucky her! plus hes cute, funny, and jokes a lot.
5.0 : Professor Fugo is amazing!! He is super relatable to his students, and tried to bring every reading back to relate to our lives. His class is super interesting and fun. Hes very understanding.
4.0 : Professor Fugo is great. He likes his students to engage in the topics even in the simplest way like by raising your hand to a yes or no question. All you do is two papers and short answers on blackboard.  He likes all his students to do well and I really appreciate the course calendar he hands out to us, it is clear to read. Take his class!!
5.0 : Awesome professor.
4.0 : Professor Fugo was a fantastic teacher! I personally just found the information to be really boring. However, compared to other students Mosaics classes I think Professor Fugo's was the easiest!
4.0 : Books he chooses aren't the most interesting, but you can get away with not reading them.  Papers are a little long, but graded easy.
4.0 : He's a great Mosaics 1 professor. I never read a single one of the books and I don't even really think he expects you to he just wants you to learn the basic themes from each of them to answer "What Makes Human Life Matter?" The quizzes each week are easy and open note so just right down what he has on his slides.
5.0 : I could pick a lot of tags for him, but needless to say he's the man! Just go and don't stay in your shell, be open to his lectures, he was really cool and relatable. I didn't read a single book and used sparknotes and passed all of the quizzes (take notes, 5 pop quizzes and its OPEN LAPTOP). Very considerate, 10/10 would take for Mosaics 2.
5.0 : Really enjoyed this class. He's a great guy and really makes an effort to make you feel comfortable with speaking. A few pop quizzes but they're open note so you really don't have to read. Only had one paper too and it's only 6-8 pages. I wish he taught Mosaics 2.
4.0 : Justin is one of the coolest, most laid back instructors I've ever had. While the class isn't very interesting, you don't really need to do much to do well. I didn't read a single book, didn't participate in any class discussions, and still managed to get a 99 as my final grade. If you want an easy A, I highly recommend taking Justin's class.
4.5 : Honestly, just go to class and you'll probably pass. He's an easy grader, and while the material is boring, he explains everything very well.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at temple yet. His class was discussion based and was very thought provoking if the class participated and was engaged. There were 2 papers that he graded fairly. Take Justin if you can get him for mosaics. You have to show up for class.
4.0 : Easy A, just participate and talk in class and you will be fine. He is a great professor with a lot of knowledge on the topics discused in class. TAKE THIS GUY
4.5 : Super interesting and down to earth. He understands students better than more professors. You'll be lucky to have him as a TA
4.0 : He seems pretty new to teaching in general, but that makes him extra lenient, too. He seems to want to pass people no matter what, and will help you out quite a bit. He's a HUGE hipster and often talks about Justin Bieber or Jimmy Fallon often, but he's also really nice and helpful as well. His class is fun and pretty easy if you do the actual work
4.0 : He's pretty new to teaching in general, but that makes him extra lenient, too. He seems to want to pass people no matter what, and will help you out quite a bit. He's a HUGE hipster and often talks about Justin Bieber or Jimmy Fallon often, but he's also really nice and helpful as well. His class is fun and pretty easy if you do the actual work.
5.0 : He's a fantastic professor that puts his heart and soul into the class and is genuinely interested in the success of each of his students. He gives necessary critiques and can clearly explain concepts in and beyond the scope of the class. If you have this professor, expect to learn a lot of useful information and to have your limits pushed.
5.0 : I had to stop myself from laughing hysterically at many of Strevy's jokes. Easily the best class I've taken this semester. He grades lightly but gives criticism heavily, so you'll definitely learn from the course. Lectures are well planned and powerpoints are well designed. Somehow he made a 4 hour class  enjoyable. Definitely take if you can.
5.0 : Best professor I've had, awesome guy with hilarious jokes. He's also extremely knowledgeable in film and will teach you a lot. He gives great feedback on projects throughout the year. Definately earned the chili pepper!
5.0 : I frickin loved this punk. Christian is a real class act, I'm so happy I got to take his class. He's obviously very passionate about this job and his work, and for being so young he has a heck of a lot of experience. He's so awkward but in a really fun and adorable way. He's got a lot of talent which can make him opinionated sometimes but great guy
5.0 : Christian's a great professor! I just had him as a professor for media arts combined and it was my favorite class of the semester. He's a good dude that will help you out whenever you need it. Even though the content of the class is still basic (due to the curriculum), he still encouraged you to use more advanced techniques in the videos you create
5.0 : Strevy is a hilarious and down to earth guy that most students would like. He is a TA now, but I really hope he returns as a professor. I would take his class again any day.
5.0 : Mrs. Kolbe is a great teacher! She is very funny and keeps everyone interested. I always looked forward to class. No homework besides readings and tests are extremely easy. I would recommend this class to anyone looking for a easy A!
5.0 : Dr. Kolbe was incredible in Earth Ethics. The class is discussion-based and her choice in readings were great and eye-opening (pdf provided). She's so authentic about her beliefs and perspective and wants students to form their own educated perspectives too; she really made me want to expand my outlook and was question my assumptions. Great teacher
5.0 : Best teacher ever. I took Asian Behavior and Thought class and passed with a great grade. NO HW, final exam. Easy A class.
5.0 : THE NICEST TEACHER EVER! I loved her but not the class. i had to take it with her because a failed one talking it with a d0uchbag. she will help you and she will never say that you are wrong in anyway. all you have to to is attend and just print the slides before the exams. exams are easy. if you get less than a B.. then you might have a problem.
5.0 : TAKE HER.. TAKE HER.. TAKE HER. The nicest ever. No textbook, No HW. 8 easy quizzes and she drops the lowest 2. You can miss 3 classes without losing points! I would take any of her classes.
4.0 : she is the best teacher in temple. easy A class and her quizzes are very easy
5.0 : Lou is a guy with great intentions. He loves lifeguarding and teaching it. Youll definitely notice the generational differences between the class and himself at times. Take his physical testings seriously and he will reward you.
5.0 : Hes an amazing professor, really gets his students. Would highly recommend him to everybody. I can honestly say I have learned something every class, because he makes it interesting and fun. He is also pretty funny.
4.0 : Very upbeat and charismatic professor. He'll keep you engaged during class, but the early morning classes can be a a little much if you're not a morning person. Totally reminds me of Richard Dreyfuss in Jaws.
4.0 : All around great professor. Would highly recommend CONS- he can and sometimes will speed through a lecture, does random (but not often) "pull quotes" for attendance, readings are lengthy.  PROS- really nice guy, super intelligent, passionate about the media, expect some assignments to be postponed, show up and pay attention and you can expect an A.
5.0 : Great guy!  Very positive energy and makes everyone feel super comfortable with their public speaking ability.  Safe to say everyone in my class improved and enjoyed themselves.
5.0 : Alicia is really passionate about what she teaches, and really wants her students to engage in the subjects. She made the class very interesting, and was very open to students opinions. As long as you do the readings you should pass the class just fine. Miss a reading? There's extra credit opportunities . Best part? No tests or quiz, just projects
5.0 : Prof. CB is my favorite humanities teacher of all time! She was able to keep class interesting with her expertise in Ancient Egypt. We watched satirical clips, meditated in class, and talked about current events. The short writing assignments and 4 projects require nuanced analyisi, but just plan ahead and you'll do great! Great Prof., Great Class.
5.0 : ACB is such an awesome teacher! The course was a sort of difficult, but she is really helpful and will answer all questions. She's easy to talk, fun, and definitely makes you look at literature in different way. I highly recommend her because she's freakin' awesome! Great teacher, fun class, fair assignments, no tests/quizzes.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Temple University, without a doubt
5.0 : There are a good deal of writing assignments in her class, but it is worth the sum of knowledge you will gain. Professor CB is an amazing and inspirational professor, no doubt the best and brightest the IH department has to offer. Hardest class my Freshman year, but I did not regret it. And I'm the kind of person who ALWAYS goes for easier classes.
5.0 : Dr. A is great! She's brilliant but really approachable and down to earth. She gives a ton of extra credit. Like, extra credit on every homework assignment you do well. There's a lot of reading but it's all interesting &amp; she keeps discussion interesting. We watched a lot of John Oliver &amp; Stephen Colbert clips. 2 papers, 1 project, weekly notes.
5.0 : I'm convinced Professor CB is the best IH professor at Temple.  All of my friends complain about theirs being dull, but she is nothing even close to boring. She makes you look at the reading from a lot of different ways and brings in lots of extra cultural information.  She really wants her students to learn.  Fair grader and so helpful!
4.5 : Shes a very good prof. She really enjoys teaching her class and tries her hardest to make it enjoyable for the class. Instead of teaching the texts most prof. do she tries to make it more interesting by bridging the gap between modern day and when the book was written. Shes also very funny. Wasnt a struggle to come to class at all.
2.5 : She  is passionate about what she teaches. She does a good job of relating things to current events and her classes certainly are not boring. It is a lot of work and she makes the essays much harder than they need to be. Her class is not that bad, but when you have a very large work load her assignments often feel very unnecessary.
4.0 : I wasn't too thrilled at the amount of reading we had to do and how time consuming it was. However, taking a class with Dr. A is 100% worth it. She's super engaging and fair and makes the material interesting and relatable. Unlike other English classes I've taken here, we did more than just discuss the readings in Mosaics II which I really liked.
5.0 : A lot of reading but all of it is needed to understand how to do the papers. Papers seem confusing at first but she does a great job on giving you the background information to understand them. Sometimes the classes seem pointless but it all comes back to understanding everything. Nice teacher and made class fun!
5.0 : Dr. A is a fantastic professor. Her lectures and discussions will always leave you thinking about the world in a new way. She's brilliant, yet extremely approachable. Reading notes are due almost every class but are necessary for productive discussions which make this class worthwhile.
4.5 : The subject matter of the class won't be interesting for a lot of students, its based around a lot of ancient history, religion, etc. But Mrs. Cunningham-Bryant manages to make everything interesting. We had a couple field trips, we meditated, etc. Make sure you do reading notes and extra credit tho they will make your grade.
5.0 : Professor CB is really high energy, fun, and extremely patient. You do have to read the books for this class because she assigns reading notes, and there are a lot of books.  Four "big" papersprojects which aren't too bad.  Generous grader and gives TONS OF EXTRA CREDIT.  Seriously, so much EC.  I would definitely recommend her to any student.
5.0 : Amazing professor with a really incredible curated curriculum. Learned so much about history, people, human nature. I got a lot more out of this class than a grade.
5.0 : Funny instructor and relatable.
3.5 : Really funny. Always gives you a chance to score extra points. Go to the exam reviews well prepared.
4.0 : Overall I think Cindy was a good professor.I liked her use of technology in the classroom.  I felt she taught the content well, but there were times she didn't answer our questions fully and after the 2nd exam, we were on warp speed and many of us had difficulty keeping up. She didn't give feedback on our group paper. She does give extra credit.
4.5 : Pretty nice guy. Gets distracted in class at times and spends a good amount of time telling stories but he's a pretty good teacher. Easy class, just do the three major assignments and labs and you've got half your grade down. Tests are based mostly on his lectures and assignments (not labs) so the class isn't too bad to study for.
4.5 : Chamarty is the man!! I absolutely loved his class, he made 3 hours of a night class worthwhile. Go to class and you'll be prepared for the tests. He really cares about his students and is willing to help. Very easy to connect with and will prepare you with real world examples and expertise.
4.5 : This was honestly one of the best GenEds I ever took at Temple! Dr. Coleman loves what she does and makes the class so much easier. She does however take attedance serious towards the end, but it's expected. She was my favorite professor from last semester. I would really recommend this class.
4.5 : Professor Coleman is a patient teacher who understands her students. Easy class to take. You will not regret it at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Excellent Professor. He tries hard, the material is well organized, and the lectures are great.
5.0 : Great Professor truly cares about his students and understands that we really do not need to know all the material. Very fair exams that are straight from the homework. Highly recommended!!
5.0 : the questions on the tests are modifications of what the questions were in class. He is a great guy and super understanding and helpful during office hours. I wish every professor was like this. Magnetism is hard in general and i still learned from him. I wish he was an honors professor here at temple because he's the best, caring  and nice takehim
4.5 : I didn't go to class for weeks and still have an A. The midterm and final are questions pulled directly from class/WebAssign/recitation, plus a curve. You have to try hard to not do well. The problems are typically plug-and-check types. He tries to make physics fun and interesting. He's a great professor and just wants you to love/learn physics
4.5 : He's a very fair teacher. One of the best professors I've ever had. He's not intimidating at all and wants everyone to do well. Just do the webassign problems and recitation problems!
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I've ever had
3.5 : Physics 2 is hard but he tried his best! He skipped the last 2 chapters and just spent the time reviewing. He relied too heavily on slides which made lecture boring but he tried to just focus on the important stuff. Exams were fair but we only got 1 midterm and the final which killed most people
3.0 : boring lectures but he cares for students. lab counts for a lot, ty god. i never went to class but did ok. online homework, a couple of exams, and lab. nice curve. has a greek accent, uses ppts. sit close or you won't hear him well.
5.0 : Best Professor I've had. He wants everyone to do well. Boring Lectures. He also tries hard to make the material understandable. If you attempt the webassign problems, go to recitation and understand the problems done in class you will do just fine. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
3.0 : Physics was hard for me, but he's a very thorough teacher. Webassign was hard. If  you did hw q's,went to recitation, and understood concepts you were straight. Didn't buy a textbook, just used the notes and ebook link from webassign.
2.5 : Hated this class.  He reads off the slides and lecture is beyond boring. Tests aren't too difficult if you study the hw and class problems. Also gets annoyed that no one shows up to lecture so he stops posting the slides. Really disliked him but class is passage let if you teach yourself the material and ignore his lectures.
5.0 : Professor Laviola was one of my favorite professors! He is hilarious, down to Earth and overall a nice guy. He is also very smart, and clearly covers all the topics. He is always willing to help anyone that does not understand a concept right away. He is a pretty easy grader. Great guy, take him!!!
5.0 : Professor LaViola is awesome. I never write reviews but I felt like I had to for him. He is extremely down to earth and cares about helping his students actually understand the material. Math is not my thing at all but his finance class was easy to manage and he made me want to come to class. Easy A if you actually do the work.
4.0 : Always starts the class with an inspirational quote, which is cool. Had 3-4 chances to win extra points on assignments/tests, plus if your whole group comes to every class you get points, too. There is group work every class, but it's actually not terrible. You learn a lot from him in this class b/c he knows his stuff. I suck at math &amp; got an A!
5.0 : Great professor!! The class was interesting and he used a ton of examples to help us understand the concepts. Always willing to answer questions and easy to talk to.
5.0 : he was an awesome teacher for Macro. really sweet, do the homework! the tests are basically the homework questions. take him. he'll made me actually like Macro!
4.5 : Kabir was very good at relating to his students. He always made sure the class understood before moving on. Weekly homework assignments were great test prep. Tests were lots of memorization based on in class lectures and homework. He's also a really nice guy and very approachable.
4.0 : Cool guy, no mandatory attendance even though he sends a sheet around the room. One homework assignment a week and most of the time the answers are on the internet. I thought his midterms and final were difficult but I was also really bad at the subject. BIG curves. All around easy class
4.5 : Don't buy the book, the online thing is not needed and the exams are all from HW. Attendance not mandatory but it will save you if your failing which you shouldn't be. TREAT THE HW LIKE TESTS. you get automatic 4/5 for attempting it but it's 30% of your grade so get that 5/5 it will help later. 2 midterms (he drops one) and a final. Take him
4.0 : Sweet guy, entire class loved him. Smart and communicates the knowledge well. Wait to buy your textbook, he gives you a link to a free online one. Drops one of three tests.
5.0 : FANTASTIC TEACHER! Econ is a tough subject but Kabir breaks it down in the lectures and prepares the class for exams. LOVED this class.
4.5 : There are really short weekly assignments. The exams can be tough because you have to have a lot memorized but he pretty much tells you what will be on them. He's really relaxed.
5.0 : This class was my one of my favorite classes. He is very helpful and clear when teaching. He likes to make sure students understand the material. His class is very relaxed. There are two exams and a final and a homework assignment each week. Doing well on the homework will help you on exams. Go to class, take notes, and study, and you'll do well.
4.5 : Professor Kabir is a graduate student. His class is "awkwardly" funny since he is trying to make jokes during the class. He is very passionate about his class. There are two exams and he will drop one of the lower one out which is amazing!! and exam is based off homework and definitions.
4.5 : Cool guy. He drops your lowest test grade, which is awesome. You will have homework every week. He teaches at a decent paste, he asks before moving on to make sure everyone's on the same page. Only took the class because it was a requirement. He doesn't want anyone to fail, so he will help you if you put the effort in as well. Take him.
4.5 : Great professor! Gives out weekly HW but it really helps because he takes questions from HW and just copy pastes it to exams. Exams are literally the HW questions. Class is lecture style and it could get boring, but it is Econ at the very end so dont expect too much fun out of it. Hes one of the easier Macro professors compared to others. Take him!
5.0 : A very nice guy. Very organized lectures and if you take good notes, you don't really have to read the textbook. Weekly homework assignments constitute 30% of the grade. The exams are, for most part, the same as the HW questions.  Overall, it was an enjoyable and relatively easy class.
5.0 : Awesome professor, one of the best at temple. I learned a lot from his class and barely did any work..he definitely knows his stuff. he cares about his students so it impossible to fail unless you don't do the work I hope he teaches more courses cause id def take him again. If you're a psych major or just like subject matter YOU SHOULD TAKE HIM!
3.5 : Awesome! Not the easiest information to understand, but extremely doable as long as you keep up with the readings.
5.0 : One of the best professors and classes I've taken at Temple. She's so passionate about the content she teaches and really cares for her students to truly understand it. I walked out of this class with a completely new perspective. I have so much respect for her; as an educator and human being.
5.0 : One of my all time favorite professors. Dr.Ichile is super knowledgeable and very engaging. She will inspire deeper thought. I had her for Representing Race, a gened and I was worried it was going to be boring and mundane. Instead, it was my favorite class of the semester. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : One of my all time favorite professors. Dr. Ichile, it super knowledgeable and engaging. This class will provoke deep thought into the working of our society. I took her for Representing Race, a gened and I was worried that it would be boring and mundane but it ended up being my favorite class of the semester. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Dr Ichile cares about the topics covered in this course and is very passionate in conveying important life messages. For me, this class was a game changer for how I view the world. Take her if you have the chance. It doesn't hurt that she's a smokeshow, too. Hubba hubba.
4.5 : I love Laura!! She was amazing. Her projects were too easy and she loves to help you out and give you advance on how to improve on your work!!!!
4.0 : Very nice and quirky professor. Lecture is fun even though the topics can get boring for those that already know their crafts. Grades are decide by the TA, fair and easy grade if you put in effort. Overall the professor is good but the class subject is boring.
4.5 : I love Zaylea! She's a kind-hearted soul and really passionate about what she does. It is important to make time for her classes. She has the tendency to be ambitious with the syllabus and will have you doing a lot. If you need her help, just ask. She really cares about helping you. Be ready to work but proud of what you complete!
3.5 : Prof. Zaylea is very outgoing, bubbly, and quirky. She's really into film, so take her if that's also your interest. I still feel she needs to control the class more. Powerpoints seemed kind of scattered. But she understands the difficulty of projects and will take into account your efforts. Class discussions were great. Everyone participated.
5.0 : Laura is great! She is super nice and she always gives very helpful critique. Her teaching style is very hands-on and fun! 3701 (interactive media) is a really demanding class, but don't procrastinate, and you'll be fine!
5.0 : I took him for the Honors Sexual Orientation and Legal Studies. He is great and super clear. Did Not require a textbook and its really easy to get an A in his class if you just show up and listen. Hes not boring and the material is pretty interesting so its easy to listen.
5.0 : EVERYTHING that is graded for this class is based purely from the textbook. Homework assignments and assessments. That's all. To study for the exams, actively read the textbook (i.e. take thorough, meaningful notes). Because he doesn't cover ALL the material in class, there will be some things from the textbook he did not cover. He's funny guy too.
5.0 : Prof Boles is great. He's always willing to help students when they need it, and he takes a very student-friendly approach to everything. The tests are multiple choice, and if you pay attention in class, you'll do well. (Just remember the acronyms for the final.) He makes sure the class is interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Boles is awesome. He's really down to earth, and class is never boring. You have online access to all the powerpoints used in lectures, so tests (just a midterm and a final, all multiple-choice) are a breeze to study for. I didn't even mind talking to and getting to know my classmates, because he facilitated discussions so well.
5.0 : Boles is an amazing teacher. Definitely one of the best I've had. Great student-friendly approach. Not difficult at all to get an A.  He gives extra credit and makes class genuinely enjoyable. Definitely take him if you can.
4.5 : Seriously take this class. Gives a great extra credit opportunity, so even if law isn't your speciality you will be more than fine. Also the best examples in lectures.
5.0 : He really wants you to succeed. He goes out of his way to make sure that students have everything they need to do well in the course. This was the first semester the class was offered, and though timing was a little rough, it'll be better in the future, since he now knows how to pace the class. do the homework, pay attention, and you'll be golden.
4.0 : Professor Boles is the bomb! There's not really much to say other that he's a cool guy and an even better professor. No textbook required, and everything on the exams come straight from the PPTs and online readings. His grading criteria is super fair, and I'm sure he'd be willing to listen if you wanted to dispute something. I 100% recommend Boles!
5.0 : He was a great professor
5.0 : He's a great person and an excellent teacher, his expression and expertise make lessons memorable. Relaxing homework, good lectures, fine humor and some sass with a requirement for discipline.
5.0 : Dr. Boles is the absolute man. His lectures are really interesting, he always brings up personal stories that are hilarious and super relatable, and he tells you exactly what you need to get a good grade in his class. Definitely take his class if you get the opportunity to.
5.0 : He is honestly the man. I want to grow up to be just like him
5.0 : Wonderful professor, funny, nice, and a fantastic teacher. Great subject material, loved the class.
5.0 : Sean Davis is an incredible man.  He genuinely cares about everyone in the class, and he wants to see everyone succeed, but you've got to put in the effort to get the A.  He's quirky and eccentric, and a huge fan of both classical and more modern music (he got me into Radiohead), so the repertoire doesn't lose your interest.
4.5 : Dr. Wise is one of the best professors I've had at Temple. She is always more than happy to help and to make you achieve better. She gives very interesting clear real-life examples. If you are not sure what you have to do for assignments, don't hesitate to ask her. Would definitely take again if I could.
5.0 : Great teacher.  I've never had a teacher so willing to help me out and take the time to make sure I understand the concepts.  Yes, things can get tough, but with her help it makes it 10x easier.  Retirement concepts in general are tough, outside of Temple's Risk Management major.  She is a phenomenal teacher and  cares for her students' success.
5.0 : Great teacher, tough course
5.0 : Professor Wise is incredibly dedicated to her role as a teacher. The course concepts are so, so, so relevant for students, but the exams are a bit difficult. The project was kind of annoying, but was great practice for excel and course concepts. And man, she is attractive on so many different levels.
5.0 : Dr. Wise is the best teacher I have had at Temple. Her lecture notes are clear, she's probably the smartest person I have ever met. She is always free to talk about anything you could possibly want. Expect tough Multiple Choice questions, but if you study, you should get an easy A and really learn this material.
5.0 : Amazing teacher.  Always helping students.
5.0 : I like this professor a lot!
5.0 : Love Wise. She makes the material exciting and is an excellent professor. I was generally disinterested in retirement plans when I first started the class and now I find the subject quite fascinating. 3 exams and some quizzes and homework. Standard risk format. Extra credit if you go to class. Take her, you will not regret it! Also, she's a looker.
5.0 : She is one of my favorite professors I have had so far. It is a difficult course, but if you take the time to study and ask questions, she will help you succeed. She is also incredibly helpful during office hours.
5.0 : Best professor I have had so far at Temple. Truly cares about her students and makes class extremely interesting. Professor Wise is the reason that I decided to become a risk major!
4.0 : The class was INCREDIBLY tough for me and a bunch of other classmates, but Wise is definitely a supportive professor. She's very sweet and willing to answer questions. She has a very organized set up with specific instructions and resources to refer to, such as outlines for class notes and study questions.
4.5 : Risk isn't my interested topic and when I got into the honors risk class, I expected it would be a horrible semester to get through. The class was very difficult but I was glad that I had Wise as my professor. She was really helpful and nice. The exams are tough so make sure you go over all the class materials and ask questions if you have any.
4.5 : This was the hardest class I've ever taken, but I'm glad I took it because I learned way more from Dr. Wise than any other instructor. She is very helpful and incredibly sweet!
5.0 : Dr. Wise does a great job of presenting the material and making sure you know it thoroughly. So yes, she's a tough grader, but boy, if you plan on majoring in Risk, you better get used to it. Also, she is very willing to set aside time to help you out. Overall, RMI 2901 is a great class but should be taken with the heavy workload in mind.
3.0 : She is a sweet person, but class is useless. Honestly, I've expected more from this class. Unfortunately, I didn't learn anything new. All projects were based on your previous knowledge. Tests are totally different from what is taught in class. Book and class lectures are not helpful at all.
4.0 : While I really like her and enjoyed her class, the only drawback is her exam questions.   She basically takes test banks for any Finance text but the one assigned and selects questions she thinks we should know. Unfortunately, many questions are for concepts not covered in either the class or the assigned text so there's really no way to prepare.
4.0 : Cindy is a sweetheart, she gives her personal cell to students and ask them to reach out whenever they need help. The class itself isn't easy but if you pay attention in her class, participate and take notes you'll be fine. If I have to take this class again I'll take it with her because I learned so much more than I expected and she was helpful.
4.5 : Excellent professor with extensive industry knowledge.  Tests are difficult and are based primarily in the conceptual framework of what is taught in the class and in the book.  Most beneficial part of the course for future Finance courses  being able to recognize, evaluate and discern financial statement patterns and trends and figure out WHY!!!
4.0 : Cindy is an amazing person, she actually cares about the students and you can't say that about many Finance professors. This class was extremely helpful and definitely makes you think outside of the box. If you are actually interested in learning, I would recommend it. If you think you are going to get by and not go to class, this isn't for you.
4.0 : Cindy is an excellent professor. The class isn't a walk in the park, but it's set up to be like this in order to best prepare us for the real world. She brings in guest speakers from the industry every Friday. There's a short quiz once per week, 2 midterms and a final exam of moderate difficulty. She is EXTREMELY resourceful, don't take for granted
5.0 : If you're a Finance major then you should definitely take a class she teaches. She will help you really "learn" about finance in ways other classes and professors don't.
5.0 : Cindy is awesome. She does a great job teaching, I would definitely recommend taking a class with her. She also has great industry experience.
5.0 : Cindy is an amazing professor. She demands quality work but provides her students with a lot of autonomy and feedback. She is by far one of my favorite professors at Temple and one that I would highly recommend taking.
2.0 : He means well but he is hard to understand at times and he sometimes won't understand your questions. Its hard to test on a subject that is taught on computers but then u take a paper test... He is a genius, I have respect for him but the way he teaches is not efficient and kind of confusing.
5.0 : Taking database with Zhang was a great experience and by far one the best professors.
5.0 : Everything about Espen is wonderful. His hand gestures are unique, endearing and mesmerizing and his voice is strong and soft at the same time. His classes are full of deep discussion and light hearted jokes. The only things that rivals his intelligence is his kindness.
5.0 : Took Greek Theater &amp; Society for my art gen ed with Dr Gillespie. Wasn't too into it before hand but she makes ancient Greek language, culture, and theater so interesting. Great teacher, great person, &amp; unbelievably intelligent (She went to Harvard, Oxford &amp; Upenn!!) A lot of readings but I found most free thru amazon kindle. Be sure to participate
5.0 : She is seriously one of the nicest people you will ever meet. Wants all of her students to get A's and helps you whenever you need it. Easy class
5.0 : Love her! she is extremely nice and helpful. Just make sure you do the readings for the quizzes on monday and just be there on fridays for the discussions. But overall a great class and teacher
4.5 : I've taken Professor G for 3 classes now and she does everything in her power to make sure you pass, especially Latin!  One thing that sucks is that people try to take advantage of her niceness and will come to class late a lot.  It's a pet peeve of mine, but anyway, she makes the courses you take really interesting and Latin isn't as bad with her!
5.0 : Dr. Gillespie is a great Latin teacher. She makes learning a difficult language fun and relatively easy. Her Latin classes move quickly, but she makes sure you don't get behind and is always there if you need extra help. Her quizzes are easy if you learn the vocab and are helpful to make sure you understand the lessons.
4.5 : Professor Gillespie makes a hard language as easy as possible.  I probably wouldn't enjoy Latin too much if it wasn't for her. Make sure to keep with homework and she is pretty lenient about quizzes as sometimes they are group-oriented due to content difficulty at times. Quiz every day. Course goes pretty fast so be attentive; she is really nice!
5.0 : She is an understanding person and a dedicated and helpful professor. Even if you get something wrong (like I did the wrong homework assignment one time), she is totally nice about it. She has a very positive attitude and is attentive to the needs of her students. Definitely take her if you get the chance; she is a treasure.
5.0 : She is the sweetest human being on earth. She is extremely helpful and understanding -- not to mention shes very attrative
4.0 : She is a great teacher. Easy but lectures may get boring. Not everyone listen. There are in class activities twice a week so try not to miss class, she allows 2 miss activities. The class is super easy just read up on articles before exams and know swim lane and ERD diagrams becasue they are on all the tests.
4.0 : Prof Lavin's MIS5101 (with Prof Lambert MKTG 5303) class was very engaging. Great use of Guest Lecturers to visit class. Good mixture of Case Work and other assignments. Excellent duo-class to take.
5.0 : Professor Lavin is one of the BEST PROFESSORS AT TEMPLE UNIVERSITY and in the MIS department! She is very kind, and always willing to assist you! The exams are easy, and the Learn IT assignments are easy A's if you follow the directions! Getting A's in everything else requires attendance but, easy to do! I highly recommend her, class will be fun!
5.0 : TAKE AMY IF YOU CAN!! I've had her twice and would take her for every class if I could. Her classes aren't easy (no MIS courses are) but if you put in the work, show that you care, and participate in class/reach out to her if you need help, you will do well. She makes you feel important/competent in class and is always around if you need somebody.
2.0 : Not too sure where the "Easy A" comes from. But apparently MIS has been redesigned and class is about "activities" and literal scavenger hunts. She teaches like we're 4th graders, but gives college level exams. The homework doesn't prepare you at all for the exams. Very nice lady, but seems to be out of touch with how to teach students.
3.0 : We do lots class activities so you cannot miss class. The class is a bit boring but it;s going to be one of the easiest classes you take sophomore year. She's a really nice prof.
3.0 : Disorganized
5.0 : Wonderful teacher. Knows the subject well. Willing to help in office hours. Only negative things to say are that the in-class activities are kind of dry and don't add to much to the subject. And the tests all run the same formula. Which half of it feels more like a memory game from the articles we read rather than an application of what we learned.
4.0 : Lavin is an incredibly sweet professor who seems to really care about her students and the feedback she receives from the course. The in-class activities are redundant but much better than 50 minutes of a boring lecture. Show up to class and study your study guide for the exams! Pretty easy class.
4.0 : Dr. Vargas is a great professor. Assignments are never too challenging. She is always willing to talk about anything from classwork, to other school subjects, to life in general. She is a pretty easy grader. Definitely recommend taking her.
5.0 : Ann is a magnificent person and really wants her students to learn about the material she is trying to teach. Yes, you will need to do volunteer hours but I found it useful as it really opened my eyes to what I would like to do with my life. Her exams and projects are pretty rough but if you study hard enough, you will pass them.
5.0 : Excellent Professor. Truly cares about her students and wants them to do the best they could. Assigns a good amount of papers and projects but they aren't too bad. Classes are interesting. Willing to offer help whenever possible and open to answering your questions. One of the best teachers in the department!
5.0 : Ann is easily my favorite professor in the department, and overall for that matter. She absolutely cares about all of her students and gets to know them all. She does assign quite a few projects, but they're not too difficult, and she grades them pretty easily. Take Ann and I promise she will become your favorite too!
1.5 : Well this guy doesn't know what's going to be on the test so try to take him if you don't have any other options. I had some good math teachers before who offered tons of office hours but this guy is not like that. I have nothing against this guy but there are better options out there.
5.0 : Greatest math teacher I've ever had in my life. Attendance wasn't mandatory but I went out of my way to go to his class because it was so engaging. He is very realistic and told people with lower averages to drop his class so they could at least do better in their other classes. Funny &amp; cute- only downside is he left temple. I wanted him again :(
3.5 : Brian had a hard time explaining a lot of the information in this course because he said " he did not really know how to do it himself". He did do everything in his power to help, but he cant help that the class was impossible and the math department wants you to fail this course. math was my favorite subject and i don't think i am going to pass.
4.5 : Dr. Brian is a nice guy. Calc is a hard subject but he tries to make it easy. He's always there for you, lot of office hours. Quizzes are easy since it's straight from the hw problems. I highly recommend him.
3.0 : Take his class, if you want:  1. A higher quiz average DO NOT take his class, if you want:  1. Higher test scores( which is about 80% of the total grade)  2. To pass calculus
5.0 : Do homework problems and you should do fine. He tells you what's definitely going to be on the final so that's a ++
5.0 : She is one of the best instructors I've ever had, if not THE best. She understands the struggle that students go through and will always help you inside and outside the classroom. Her lab reports take work but as long as you put in the effort to do it you will pass. She makes the material very understandable and super easy to follow. She's amazing.
5.0 : She's AMAZING! Whenever I didn't understand stand topics and concepts Mary does an amazing job at explaining. You have to have questions to ask her for the quiz days otherwise she won't be much help. She still tries though by asking us if we know certain things. Honestly I feel like I wouldn't have passed chem without her.
5.0 : Ms. Beasten is one of the best instructors for Chem Recitation. Without her, i think i wouldn't have learned any Chemistry at all!!!! TAKE HERRRRRRRR!!!! She's a wonderful lady too :)
5.0 : She is like the funny grandma that you always want to visit. She was a hard grader at the beginning but quickly became easy. She is so caring and understanding and will go out of her way to help you. Definitely take her if you can she is worth it!
5.0 : Wonderful instructor with a great sense of humor. I recommend her!
4.5 : she's awesome. and funny. definitely take her for recitation
5.0 : Mrs. Beasten is a fantastic recitation teacher. I had a hard time understanding the material in this class, and if it wasn't for Mrs. Beasten I can honestly say I might not have passed. Even now that I've moved on to Orgo, I can still go back to her for questions that I have when I can't reach my TA or prof.
5.0 : Best recitation teacher! If it wasn't for her I would have learned nothing in chem this year.
4.0 : He's a good teacher, and he cares about all of his students. He would slow down on a few chapters if he felt that a few people still were not understanding the material. The only downside was that sometimes he spent too much time trying to help those that needed extra help.
4.5 : Awesome teacher, one of the best i had. He helped me throughout the semester as i struggled, never hesitated. He would stay up to an 45 min after class just to explain to the students who still had questions.  Honestly wants everyone to succeed and pass his class! Wish I could take him againbut he will be teaching at another college next semester:
5.0 : Elia includes everyone in his teaching. If you look like you dont understand he will ask you to help him with the next problem so you learn by experience. He does an AMAZING job of breaking ideas down into plain english for students to understand. Phenomenal instructor!
5.0 : Zuckerman is an outstanding professor and Temple should be lucky to have him on faculty. This is, by no means, an easy course. That being said, Zuckerman is always available and gives extremely valuable insight to the semester group project, papers, and the final exam. Zuckerman was also in the industry and gives you real life examples to build on.
4.0 : Very good professor, ALOT of writing involved but grades pretty good, unlike MMC or Drennan. It is the kind of Capstone class that you expect. Great person in general and very experienced. He just can be very unstructured with his lectures , more "Socratic" based as he likes to say.
4.5 : Prof McGinty is a great professor and is very easy going. He is easy to work with for scheduling if you need to miss a class and make it up. Great professor overall and would recommend to everyone looking to take this class.
5.0 : Prof. Karakus is the best! She is always willing to help students &amp; gives you plenty of time to do everything. She is also very lenient with due dates &amp; allows you take weekly quizzes as many as times you need to get you to a 100%. She gives a multiple choice midterm &amp; final with 2-3 essay questions, a 3-5 paper &amp; a group presentation.
5.0 : Melissa was the best professor I've ever met in Temple. She was really helpful, and the class was easy
5.0 : After been through the horrible courses I have had this semester, it just makes me thinking this amazing professor that I had two years ago, and I decided to go back and rate her, she deserves 5 out 5.
4.5 : Professor Valentine is like my chem mom. She is always there for you if you are struggling, because sometimes the material moves quick. Her lectures are great, I almost never had to read the book because she explains things very well. She is always excited about chemistry and makes me happy to be in class.
3.0 : She's overall a good professor. She's also very hilarious so the her lectures are not boring. However, one thing I like and do not like simultaneously about her lecture is that she just simply wrote everything on the board without really explaining anything. So basically you still have to go back home and read book in order to pass.
4.5 : Great teacher. No need to even have textbook because her lectures outline it. Tests are very fair and straight from HW and lectures. You won't see a problem that you haven't seen before. Very helpful, clear, made chem fun and interesting!
5.0 : I had her during her first year teaching chem for engineering. She used to teach at Yale and teaches mainly honors classes at Temple so she has a hard time understanding why people don't get everything right away. Her lectures are very helpful but there is a lot material to cover so do  the homework and study hard. She is mean outside of class tho
4.0 : For honors level you should probably have AP chem, but you can still do well without it. The textbook is great for clarifying concepts you didn't understand. If you miss class you definitely want to get notes from someone instead of just reading the book. The tests are really fair and don't cover anything you haven't done before (class or homework)
5.0 : I didn't know that perfect human beings existed before I took gen chem with valentine. She really is amazing. Just go to lecture, listen intently, and you'll be fine. For tests, make sure you study the book-her lectures are based off of it and it provides detail that will be tested on exams.  Appreciate the jokes. Few professors are this funny.
4.5 : Prof. Valentine is the best! She's witty, thorough,and clear about her lectures. Tests are fair, usually one question that no one knows the answer to, but her tests have extra credit that more than makes up for the one question. She is a super nerd and very brilliant. Show up if you want to pass because she explains things better than the book.
5.0 : Lectures and homework are more than enough to prep for exams
4.5 : Dr. Valentine is a great professor for honors general chemistry if you've had AP or previous chemistry classes. She doesn't go into detail about calculations, thats up to you to do on your own time. However, if you do need help with concepts from the lecture or with homework or practice problems she is more than willing to help! Witty jokes too!
4.5 : Prof. Valentine clearly knows what she is doing. This is seen by how quickly she goes through a LOT of material. While she covers everything, it is up to you to go back and review and understand it all. Reading is essential. As someone wo AP chem, I worked a lot to catch up. Tests were challenging for me especially. Taking her again for chem 2
5.0 : Very beautiful and extremely well-spoken. She is extremely knowledgeable in her field, as well as with history, and expects lots of class discussion as opposed to long lectures. Not a crazy tough grader for papers, but tests are very difficult. Altogether, she is definitely a professor to help you become a better writer. *Don't be absent!
4.0 : Dr. Dasari is a great professor.  He gives review packets the class before every test, and the actual exam is almost identical to the review.  As long as you show up and pay attention, you'll do just fine.  He has a lot of respect for his students and will gladly answer questions. Though he has a strong accent, it's not hard to understand.
3.5 : Even though you cant understand him sometimes bc of his accent. He is actually a good professor. And most exams questions are from the reviews he gives beforehand. So basically you can pass with an A by memorizing the questions. Very easy class
5.0 : He is a great teacher who teaches directly from the textbook. He wants to make sure you understand rather than just memorize concepts. Slight accent, but shouldn't be much of a problem. Gives you unlimited attempts to do online homework so 100% is easily obtainable. Attendance also represents 10% of your grade. Take him!
5.0 : Very clear and easy. Do your part as a student, and you will get an A
3.5 : The only major reason why I liked this professor is that he gives you a practice exams before the real exam. Other than that he teaching was average.
3.5 : He has an accent but u can understand him. Kind of boring class. Attendance and HW guarantee you 25% of the grade. 75% on 3 exams which are multiple choice. If you read the book u'll do well, I never opened the book and got a B-.
5.0 : Take him. Easy to get a good grade if you attend all his classes. He teaches some of the difficult concepts with lot of ease.
5.0 : Very helpful. His practice exams are quite helpful. He teaches with lots of passion and enthusiasm. I love his teaching style.
5.0 : Professor is a really nice guy. Cares about students. He teaches you just what you need to pass the class and what's useful for future. Easy class. Not much work. Will take again.
5.0 : Very nice professor. Clear and very helpful. He knows what he's teaching.
4.0 : Prof Salvia was a great teacher. He was always willing to help and genuinely wanted his students to do well. He rambled on most times, but he's also an easy grader. I would take him again.
5.0 : great professor. in the field so he brings a lot of real word experience. exams are tricky because they are sometimes ambiguous and if you make the wrong assumptions, your screwed. other assignments are pretty straight forward as long as you follow the instructions. no need to buy/read the textbook
5.0 : I had Drew for Intro to Counseling Psych (not sure of the course #) and he is one of the best instructors I had in college. Not only is he incredibly passionate in what he does but he does a fantastic job of teaching the material in a way that's engaging, exciting, and interesting. In addition to being awesome at teaching, he's an awesome person.
5.0 : Easily my favorite professor Ive ever had at Temple.
5.0 : The best.
5.0 : AWESOME!! She is a great teacher. Yes at times she can drag on about certain grammar rules but since Spanish is a complicated language you have to be sure! My favorite thing about her is that she always gives second chances when it comes to classwork so you can not only improve your grade but improve the quality of your Spanish!
5.0 : She is so cool. She expects a lot but is really fair. Her class was a great mix of instruction, group work and debate. She's manages to work in really relevant cultural references which keeps things fun. She gives you every chance to get a good grade if you do the work.
5.0 : I think Megan Devirgilis is a great addition to the Spanish  department.  She teaches well and explains concepts thoroughly.  Homework is not hard.  She gives extra credit and you may even watch a movie or two.  I have taken her twice. Great teacher.
5.0 : Super nice guy! Really great teacher, he made me enjoy being in an english class. Easy to talk to and makes the class very laid back. One of the best teachers I have had.
5.0 : Lucas is awesome. Period. He leads great class discussions and offers up topics that really make you think. He is also extremely helpful when you meet one-on-one. It's clear that he cares a lot about his students and how they are. He is also a stylish dude.
5.0 : Nandini is very energetic, gives her 100 % for the students. The interaction with students and explanation of critical contexts is amazing.  Thanks!
4.5 : Laurie is a great teacher. She puts a lot of effort into the class - preparing lectures, assignments and providing feedback. She expects the same amount of effort from her students, but provides very clear direction for how to do well in her class. I worked really hard, but learned soooo much and also got an A+! I highly recommend Laurie!
4.5 : Class is interesting with a lot of varied activities. Laurie puts a lot of effort into preparing for this course and she is always available for phone, email, or office hours to discuss your work. She is a tough grader so be prepared to work for your grade, but she is fair and understands the demands of grad school.
5.0 : Laurie is AMAZING! You can tell how much work and dedication she puts into her teaching. She cares about your success as a student and is very supportive throughout the academic process. She does have expectations, so make sure you read weekly and participate. She gives great and efficient feedback. I will definitely take more classes with her!
5.0 : Great class. Lectures are an open discussion and really easy to comprehend. The teacher is also really approachable for any questions you might have.
5.0 : Interactive class, encourages and grades participation
5.0 : Great professor, inspiring.
5.0 : Participation based class. Reading is required. Students run the class while the professor challenges discussions. Very interactive and self-growth focused class. I would definitely take this class again. 2 test and 2 projects. Not much to grade on so you need to make sure you know the content and its application in the HRM field.
5.0 : I've been to universities in two different continents, and Professor Bedard is still my favorite professor yet. He makes his course really easy! Would take him again and again. Really good connection to have.
5.0 : Easy going, humorous, and motivational. Everything he teaches has real world value and he actually teaches the class instead of grilling students over the readings (just textbook chapters, accessible from the library's reserve) front to back. Among the best professors I've ever had. Would be honored to take any of his other courses.
4.0 : I have strunk for financial accounting and the class is so awful its insane. Strunk is a nice guy but the lectures are dry. we do lots of talking in class but barely ever do problems so the online assignments are a foreign language. the homeworks are also nothing like the tests so its no help at all. acct is terrible but you could have a worse prof
4.0 : He's not the best at teaching. reading the book helped me so much, but it wasnt the best. Half the stuff on the hw and quizzes wasnt in the book. The homework &amp; quizzes due every weekend was a little too much, but do all the online work! The timed midterm and section quizzes were ridiculous. I rushed too much. He can be a little rude in emails.
5.0 : Lots of assignments. Get ready to put 8 hrs/week into this class.  Strunk is a super nice guy. He knows his stuff! Gives some extra credit. Teaches straight off ppt &amp; uploads everything to blackboard. Hard to reach outside of class at times. Overall, hes a solid choice. I wish he was teaching more accounting classes.
3.5 : Good class, would take again. gives a midterm, paper and final and if you attend lecture will do fine. if you miss a day he puts the power points online you just have to study when exam is coming up. gives 10 pop quizzes during the semester but easy ones.
2.0 : He was okay. The final  is 25 open questions. 2 papers.
4.0 : Good professor who continuously tries to hear all opinions of the students, and give sufficient feedback back. No tests, or quizzes just two papers. Gives clear lectures and makes it easy to understand.
4.5 : lectures were consistent in form and style which was nice but sometimes boring. there weren't any surprises on the test which was nice-all of the material was discussed at some point in class. would probably take him again depending on the class
5.0 : Professor Atkins was great in Philosophy of Mind, and it turned out being one of my favorite classes so thus far. He is extremely clear in his lectures, and tells you exactly what he will expect from you on his exams. The exams are all open ended, but he gives you study guides that mimic the exact questions to expect. Take notes and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Great guy, great class.
5.0 : Prof. Atkins is everything a philosophy major could possibly want from a professor.   His lectures are crystal clear, his mind is sharp as a razor, and he knows the material cold.  He's also an easygoing, laid-back dude, which never hurts.
2.5 : Not good with giving you your grades on time so that you know what you need to do. Really redundant to the point where you start tuning him out. SUPER difficult final that's worth 35% of your grade. I regret taking this class so much .
5.0 : He really enjoys philosophizing and is a good professor to take philosophy with.  Very willing to help students outside of class thankfully as the material is hard. Few grades but otherwise a fair grader.
4.5 : Extremely hard final. Does not grade any of the assignments and has a grader do his work. The grader is very harsh at grading.
2.5 : The final was impossible and was on all the material throughout the course. Impossible to get an A in the class.
4.0 : Prof Atkins is a nice guy and is VERY clear. He gives a big summary of the previous lecture at the beginning of every class so you're always clear. The material can get boring but he definitely tries to spice it up. Only 2 test, a paper, and participation grade. But gives a clear study guide for both tests. Lectures go the full 50 mins. He's cool.
4.5 : gives clear lectures and he outlines material so that there were no surprises on the final. prof atkins has a deferential lecture style with students and he didn't seem bothered when I went to office hours like some other profs here, phil majors should definitely take him
5.0 : Professor Atkins is an awesome guy; get to know him if you can. He knows his stuff very well, provides thorough outlines/notes/reviews of all the material he discusses in class,  and strives to help you understand all the subject matter. You will learn how to write better from his classes
4.0 : Prof Atkins is overall a pretty solid professor. He is very clear and thorough when he explains his assignments and expectations. There are two papers, and one gets a rewrite. There are no tests other than the final. If you want an A on papers just go to his office hours and listen closely in lecture so that you can use his advice and ideas.
4.5 : He is good. Loves beer and grows nice beard. His lectures are very clear and easy to understand. He makes philosophy easy for you. 9.510, would take again.
4.0 : Prof Atkins is a great philosophy professor. He gives amazing examples that will stick with you, and he explains to you the arguments and different philosophies so thoroughly that you will understand it completely. The only thing is, he's a really tough grader and there's so much material to study for.
5.0 : Easily one of the top 3 teachers I've had ever, high school or college. Outstanding teacher, always willing to meet students and give extra help outside class. Great at math, but also knows how to actually teach. Just put out the effort and he will do everything he can to help. Would take his class again in a second, no question.
2.0 : He is the best doctor I have ever seen but he is not teaching. He cancel some classes and that is so nice its like a break. His personality is so sweet.
5.0 : Took this guy a few semesters back, after failing PreCalc the prior semester. Lectures were good but office hours were great. I ended up hiring him to tutor me for Calc I and II and I'm glad I did since I got an A in both.  The Temple Math courses are all coordinated so they are very hard. I suggest you take him for a course or hire him as a tutor!
5.0 : Connor cool asf. Go to his Saturday sessions!
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had at Temple. I really struggle with math and he does absolutely everything in his power to help you pass. go to class, he's nice and hilarious. He is willing to meet up to help you if you need additional help, so if you don't go it's your own fault. Awesome guy, awesome class if you can TAKE HIM
5.0 : Ive had Kathy for 2 years and shes been nothing but amazing. She really cares if you succeed, but that does not mean she goes easy on you. She will push you to be better and you need to put in the effort. I enjoy her critiques and views on art direction. I will miss having her as a professor.
5.0 : The readings can be tough, but she's super helpful and wants everyone to pass with high grades.
4.0 : harsh grader, she is more like a english teacher, especially meticulous about teeny tiny spelling and grammar problems
5.0 : Professor Stetsyuk was so thorough in his explanations it was almost impossible to have questions. I would not change anything about the way he taught the course.
4.5 : By far the best instructor I have had at Temple. Attendance isn't mandatory per se but everything on the test is mentioned in class. Very accommodating and helpful, take him if you get the chance!
2.5 : Mr. Stetsyuk knows his material.  Unfortunately he is not good at explaining exactly what he means to his classes.  It may be a language barrier issue.  He is also quite boring.
4.5 : Guba is a baller. He made my intro level course accessible for people who weren't necessarily History majors and were just taking it to learn. He grades super reasonably and tries to teach the most interesting topics. Definitely recommended.
5.0 : Guba is one of the best teachers I have ever had. He is smart, reasonable, and willing to work with his students. I would recommend him to anyone
5.0 : I took Dr. Guba's summer Ancient Roman History and although it was an extremely boring subject I really enjoyed Dr. Guba's teaching style. He understands that it is the summer and many people are working or have other commitments. As long as you meet deadlines, put in a good effort and complete the homework on time you should do great in the class.
4.0 : Good class, very clear on course objectives from the get go. The class took place online over the summer and Dr. Guba was very flexible and accommodating for the various schedules of the class.
5.0 : Great teacher. I would suggest taking this class in the summer if you could, he understands people have lives and is very considerate.
5.0 : Professor Guba is literally so accommodating. I took his online summer class and it was a breeze. He gives weekly homework, 6 discussion boards, and a final paper that is only 6 pages on any topic you want (that concerns Roman history). Definitely an easy A and a great professor! Take this class!
2.0 : I took him for an online French Revolution class. Seemed like a nice guy, and understanding of circumstances, however was SUPER unresponsive to emails (REALLY IMPORTANT in an online class!) and due to that I got behind on some course work. Hopefully this was just because he was traveling. He changed meeting times constantly too.
4.5 : Great teacher. I took his summer online class and he was taking all the students into consideration when scheduling for online meetings. Grades fairly and teaches well.
5.0 : This was a good class and you will learn a lot about death and dying. However there is so much reading and writing assignments. This was a 2.5 hour class and he lectured for the entire time, no breaks!
5.0 : Mohamed is a great professor, maybe even one of the best I've taken at TU. He really cares about your writing and gives a ton of feedback on papers. Doesn't give any exams (but short response papers).  It's clear he loves what he teaches, and he gets us involved in discussing some the most morbid stuff.
5.0 : Very easy and he's cool
4.5 : He's always sharp and he doesn't have an accent.
4.0 : The class is pretty dry and boring, but then most history classes are. He is pretty easy, but lectures for the whole class. There's also way too much work for a GenEd  - mostly writing.
4.5 : Prof. Hassan is a good guy. The class requires a lot of reading and the 2 tests can be difficult if you don't prepare for them. Do the reading, complete the weekly assignments, and take notes, and you'll be fine. He's funny and really chill.
5.0 : Easy and fun course good for elective requirements. Classwork consists of 5 one page summaries and three papers based on readings (book and BB). Weeks and weeks given to work on papers so not a big deal. Hassan is a nice guy and is easy to work with.
4.5 : This class was by far the most interesting i had this semester. I always looked forward to coming to class for the discussion, because he didn't lecture at us but let us actually talk about our own take on the readings. It's clear Professor Hassan is in love with what he teaches.
4.5 : Easy class and nice professor. He's pretty chill in class. He's young so he connects with students. Must participate in class since it is a discussion based class. I would take a class with him again.
3.0 : Don't take him for Religion and Human Sexuality. Too much reading. He assigned about 30 pages of reading per class. He also gives pop quizzes, and they inquire about very specific details instead of the general concepts of the reading.  He is a very tough grader.   To be fair, he is a very nice person, but he expects too much for a 2000 level.
5.0 : NOT an easy class. But the professor is nice and you will learn a lot about religions in the world. Not a lot of writing but a lot of reading.
5.0 : Very interesting class. Would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Fun and helpful. She makes learning a relatively tough language manageable. You'll do fine and have a good time if you can keep from staring for too long.
5.0 : It made my day every time she would turn around and stand on her toes to write on the board.
5.0 : A brilliant guy. Difficult class with a lot of work and a lot of studying involved, but very much worth all of it. One of the most enjoyable classes I've ever taken. It's a long class, so be prepared to take notes for a long period of time, but you'll learn and experience a lot.
4.0 : There was one paper and two exams. You definitely had to read the textbook before class because he calls on you whenever he wants. Very strict, but thats probably because he's a judge. His lectures were interesting because he always had stories and perspective from his work. He never let us out early, no food, no drinks, can't be late.
3.5 : Judge is a great professor. It's a 5:30-8:00 class because he is a federal judge. He has a midterm, which is easy as long as you pay attention in class. A 5-7 page paper on a court case you watch him preside over, and a final that only covers the material since the midterm. He lets us out of class at 7:00 sometimes. Make sure you do the reading.
5.0 : This class made every morning so much better. It's discussion based so you really don't have to do any reading or much outside work at all, just participate. He's absolutely hilarious and extremely passionate about equality in the LGBT community. Journal entries are required for the 4 documentaries you watch in class.
5.0 : The whole course he said how strict of a grader he was however, the class was an easy A as long as you read. The course is disscussion based reading is a must.
3.0 : Had for Politics of Identity class and it was dreadful. The topics selected in the course were boring so most of the lectures were pointless.  Class was cancelled frequently but he did not work around this and rushed the group project and gave a final research paper that was irrelevant to the course and time consuming. Beware paper class as well!
5.0 : Jami is an awesome, awesome professor.  Absolutely recommend.  If you are interested in his class and participate you should have no problem.  Extremely nice guy who wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Jami knows his stuff, he's approachable, not a harsh  grader. The class got a little overly political sometimes but overall he is worth taking if the course subject interests you. Not an easy A but you will learn a lot.
3.0 : Professor Benton or Jamie is very passionate about the LGBTQ community and equality for all people. I had him for English 802 and this class was very difficult for me because I had no background on the subjects that we discussed and no interest in reading about them. You have a ton of readings for class. An okay professor if you like these topics.
4.0 : Professor Benton is super nice and caring! The classes are discussion-based so make sure you arrive prepared.
4.5 : I took Jami (he goes by Jami) for English 802 (got an A!) + Gay and Lesbian Lives back to back (my first two semesters) and he is an incredible guy. He's a ridiculously tough grader, and he'll really make you work for it, but it's so rewarding. Participation helps you out a lot and he's a brilliant person to talk to. Very invested in his students.
3.0 : First year teaching. But he did not come to lecture prepared. Very confusing and does not seem to understand the material himself on many occasions. He seems introverted by nature but can be very friendly if you talk to him. I felt he really simplified the material, which would not be necessary if he taught better. Has potential to be very good.
4.0 : I took him at RCGC during his first year. I really like Dr. Phou. He was a little nervous at times, messed up here and there on a few problems, and the curriculum was a little confusing, but I feel as he gets more adjusted he has a lot of potential to be a really great professor. Really down to earth and chill.
5.0 : Dr. Phou knows Physics II is a very hard class and he makes it possible for those who work hard to pass. I personally really liked Dr. Phou, he made it challenging but kept me motivated at the same time.
5.0 : Dr. Phou is a really great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Phou is a great professor. He genuinely TEACHES which is a rare commodity among teachers these days. He's helpful, clear, and most importantly fair. Physics is hard but he allows so many chances for the student to excel. Put in the work (show up to class, do the homework, ask questions) and reap the benefits. Very grateful to have had Dr. Phou.
3.5 : He's very good at what he does; even if it was just his first semester.
5.0 : Jan was awesome, she had really cool lecture topics and projects. Tests were all online so you could use the powerpoints. She is really funny and sweet. There was also lots of really great guest speakers which was great for networking and just super interesting. It's because of one of her guest speakers that I decided to add a minor this semester.
5.0 : Jan made me reconsider my career path on the very first day of class. She's fun, energetic and a total sweetheart. She's open to meet with you anytime and always responds emails asap! Her class is NEVER boring and is constantly engaging. If you do quality work and put some passion behind it you'll have no problem getting an A in this course! :)
4.5 : Professor Gera is one of the best professors at Temple. She's so passionate about what she does and it shows. She's really there for you so don't take advantage of her. Super friendly and outgoing. Even though she doesn't take attendance (and everything is on BlackBoard), I still never missed a class because the class was so interesting.
4.5 : Prof Gera is extremely nice and helpful. Very easy and enjoyable class, but didn't really learn anything.
5.0 : Professor Gera is the best teacher I have had at Temple. She is creative, inspiring, and very knowledgable about Advertising and Marketing. Gera uses her real life experience to engage the class and provide an examples of how class information will be used in 'the real world.' Easy quizzes and tests, only have to study for 2030 mins to get an A.
5.0 : Professor Gera is an amazing professor. On the first day of class she immediately encouraged us to meet with her so she could give us advice, letters of rec, etc. Her lectures are very informational and she relates the concepts learned to well-known businesses. Her tests are online and she encourages you to use your notes.
5.0 : Professor Gera is the most enthusiastic person and you can tell she loves what she does by the way she treats her students! I highly recommend her and shes also super understanding with exams, quizzes, extra credit, etc! you wont regret it, I Promise! A++
4.5 : One of the nicest teachers I've ever had. She is so enthusiastic about what she does and brought in multiple guest speakers who were all a really helpful look into the different careers available in advertising and marketing. Shows lots of video clips and loves class discussions. Definitely would take a class with her again.
5.0 : She is AMAZING. Class is short, sweet, and very interesting. She uses her real world experience to help her class get a better understanding of what is being taught. No final, one group project, and all homework assignments take less than an hour to complete. She is truly an inspirational person, &amp; I am very happy I had the opportunity to have her.
4.0 : She is very passionate about teaching and is very interested in what students have to say. She always brings in samples for the class to try and get a better look at a product. All tests are online and every answer can be found in the slides she posts. A little too obsessed with Kahoot...
5.0 : This class is pretty easy if you have background knowledge of European history. The main focus of the class was more social issues than dealing with the actual wars so if you're looking to study war strategies, this class isn't for you. The outside reading wasn't too bad and the grading was fair.
5.0 : This class was super easy. She is a very clear instructor, does power points but she mostly talks the whole time and you should take notes. Class was boring for the most part but I really enjoyed taking her and I would definitely recommend her. Tests are easy if you study and you should pass with flying colors.
5.0 : I took her Gender &amp; World Societies course. In the beginning it does seem a bit boring mainly because she's teaching from a powerpoint and her voice is very mellow. However once you get a hang to her teaching style its a piece of cake. If you're ever struggling she does offers help and you can email her. Her test are very straight forward
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had at Temple!!! She is AMAZING. Attendance isn't mandatory, however, participation is a huge part of your grade so you should go to class. I had her for Latino Immigration (World Society GenEd). There's a lot of reading and in class discussions. She loves group work, too. If you do your work, it'll be an easy A.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Genuinely cares about students and helps to grasp a full understanding of material. answers e-mails promptly and very clear. He is an over all great teacher and highly recommend him for lab and recitation.
5.0 : I had him for two semesters &amp; let's just say thank god I got him for Gen Chem 1 Lab.  He is by far the BEST lab instructor.  If you have trouble with lab reports go to office hours, he explains them thoroughly. He also answers emails super fast. Also, a bonus he gives terrific clothing advice!
5.0 : Great math teacher! I'm awful at math yet I fared well on his quizzes compared to my math skill. He's kind, ready to help, and very clear. He will try to teach you the very basics to grasp an understanding for the topic, and I find that helpful. However, I wasn't really prepared for the mid-terms because of the course coordinator (Jessica Babcock).
5.0 : Mr. Clarke is one of the best math professors at temple! He is very helpful and breaks down the material so you can understand it even if you are terrible at math(like me). He will work with you and help you not only pass the class but really understand the material. Take his class you wont regret it!
5.0 : Mr. Clarke is by one one of THE BEST teachers I have ever had, even in high school. He explains things thoroughly and can relate the material in the simplest way for us to understand. He makes sure to explain what will and will not be accepted answers on the test. the classroom atmosphere is every comfortable to ask q's in. Definitely recommend !!
4.0 : awesome awesome guy. really wants his students to do well. the only thing i would  say is that Mr. Clarke may have explained stuff TOO MUCH, which led to confusing me a little on some stuff. thats just me though. if you need a teacher that overly dumbs it down then take him. If you want a more straightforward teacher, then maybe take someone else.
5.0 : Prof Clarke is one of the best instructors in the math department. He cares about his students enough to make extra efforts out of his personal time to come to aid. He does everything possible despite the crazy department coordinator to make sure his students pass her exams and actually learn. Great teacher. Caring human.
5.0 : Professor Clarke is a great math professor! He explains the content throughly and often provides relatable instances where math could be applied in the real world. I think he's definitely a fair grader more so than other professors. He reviews before every test including the final. Overall I would definitely chose to take him, you won't regret it!
4.5 : Great teacher compared to the rest of the math teachers in the department. He tells you what to expect on the tests and quizzes. Homework isn't mandatory. Also he clearly explains everything and is willing to further explain concepts you may not understand. Only downfall is that he's late to class sometimes.
4.5 : Favorite class I have taken thus far at Temple. Professor Paris is smart, experienced, and personable. He has his students best interest at hand and is easy to approach for help. The tests aren't easy, but if you pay attention in class and read the chapters you'll be just fine. I highly recommend taking his class.
5.0 : One of the best professors Ive ever had, makes marketing interesting, very lenient and clear on grading, makes a 2 hour and 30 min class as interesting as possible and also has experience on the field as a marketer and includes it in class discussion. The group project was ok, one of the better group projects I've done. The tests werent hard either
3.0 : Prof Paris was clear and concise with his expectations. The course was good overall. The assigned Consulting Project was difficult as we not only worked with a client but had added dimensions of working with a Canadian based university.
5.0 : Cool Professor. Very fair grader and so much pleasure to work with.
5.0 : Mr. Paris is a great processor. Hands down one of the best I have had at Temple.  He is helpful and really wants every one of his students to succeed. The class is alright but he uses a bunch of his real world experiences to make it more interesting. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN! You won't regret it,trust me.
5.0 : Dennis Paris is hands down my favorite teacher to ever teach at Temple. He is extremely knowledgeable of the material and relates current events into his lectures. He's corky, tries to make the class as fun and interesting as he can, and he really connects well with his students! Marketing can be dry, but he takes it to the next level and wows us
4.5 : This class has a moderate amount of work, but it's not too hard and is really interesting.  Paris has great enthusiasm and energy, and he'd never embarrass students who aren't sure of an answer.  3 unit exams with very specific and helpful study guides, no final.  Frequent MyLab quizzes (open-book, easy), and one big group project that was fun!
5.0 : Best marketing professor hands down. Don't even look for another teacher because Professor Paris is the best. Wasn't really interested in marketing until I took this class and I can honestly say that this class has taught me more than most of my classes. Do the assignments he gives, study for the tests, and pay attention and you will do great.
5.0 : Professor Paris is GREAT! He is my favorite professor at Temple. You have 3 tests, weekly online quizzes, and a group project. I had his class at 8 am and didn't mind going because his teaching was awesome! I learned so much valuable information in his class! Take him, you won't regret it!!!
5.0 : Took MKTG 2101 with Dennis and another professor, Zach Oppenheimer. They were both great professors and just good guys. They kept the class involved and informed with the lectures and personal knowledge of the marketing field. Fox needs more professors like Dennis Paris.
5.0 : Great professor, learned a lot from his class.  Cares for his students and gives them tips before, during, and after the drawing process.  Expects a lot from students to make sure they improve.
4.0 : He has high standards for his students but grades depend on your background, so if it's an intro class and you're a non-art major you will get by fine. Very approachable and kind. Is there to help if you ask for assistance. His critique sessions can get super long (3/5hrs).
5.0 : Really good guy!
5.0 : Total sweetheart!
5.0 : I've had Casey for 2 classes now (this + HRM) and could not recommend her more. She really cares about students and lets them make a lot of choices. 1 week grace period for any essay!! In BA3102, we mostly watched movies, had a few fun activity days, and team debates. If you are able, take her for ethics and you won't regret it. Easy and fun A.
5.0 : Easy, fun and a refreshing course, its something new and different. I'm taking the course in an 18 credit semester, but this class is so easy because of Dr. Casey, its like its a free A. 3 papers to do the whole semester with an easy final which makes up 60% of your grade, the rest is participation. No mandatory attendance! What more do u want?
3.0 : Easy, but you learn nothing from her. Get ready to get talked at, not too. Easy class, lots of weekly readings. Most classes are filled with youtube videos and documentaries.  She's here for the benefits of teaching. She teaches on the side.  She knows what shes talking about, but has no idea how to engage or teach material (delivery).
3.0 : Casey is an amazing person, but do not take her if you're the type of student who needs constant updates on your grades because SHE DOES NOT POST THEM - EVER.  She knows the material and lets the students decide on how the course plays out because she's all about "employee voice" and allowing her students the same.
3.0 : Nothing is hard about this class but I spent way more time on it than anyone should on ethics. The prep summaries each week usually took a few hours but I shouldn't spending any hours regularly on a class like this. On the plus side, she is very nice, lots of movies in class, and nothing is difficult. She takes a while to grade stuff though
4.5 : * 3 Papers, but gives a Grace Period for all * Watch movies most classes, but they are mind blowing and really help get the point across! * Lots of weekly reading but you can get through it pretty fast Very nice woman, clearly wants you to understand her topics!
4.5 : The tests can be hard but they are either take home or in class with a cheat sheet. She cancelled class a lot which was pretty cool. One group assignment. . Pretty interesting class. You'll do fine. You won't need the textbook.
1.0 : Worse teacher I have ever had.  Her grading scale does not match her nonchalant attitude.  She literally grades nothing the whole semester and your final grade is a total surprise.  Didn't learn anything cause she never handed any work back.  I worked hard and still received a B.  No way of knowing how to improve because she never grades anything.
4.0 : Casey is absolutely the kindest professor I've ever had. Class was cancelled a bunch, and we didn't really do anything in class besides watch documentaries and have debates between groups on ethical topics. However, there were a lot of pretty difficult essays outside of class, which she doesn't grade until the last possible second. Take her though!
4.0 : Dr. Casey is a very intelligent and kind person.  She knows the material well and shows a lot of informational, pertinent documentaries that cover a variety of important ethical issues.  She does take a bit of time to grade things.  However, she is fair if you go to her about a grade you received and she will try and work with you.
5.0 : This is how a college course should be.  Sure, this class is an easy AB, &amp; some other professors look down upon that.  But with this stress free environment, you learn so much!  And that is what should matter most.  I have been in college 4 years now and I can say classes like Prof Casey's are always the most rewarding both in mind and GPA
5.0 : Easy and fun class. I can't think any other professors for BA 3102. She is the best! Enjoyed debates and videos!
4.0 : Bring your popcorn. 95% of class time is watching videos/documentaries. Some are interesting though!! 7 readings w short answer questions every week along w 10 open note quizlets, a open- note final (mc and essay) and 4 fairly simple papers throughout the semester. Super easy A. Show up and do the busy work and you'll be fine. Very nice lady, too.
4.5 : This class was fun &amp; laid back, but academically it was a waste of time. We spent an entire class drawing names out of a hat.  Casey is an awesome person and teaches well, when she is teaching, but the class gets too off topic at times.  There were a few times i asked for help and she couldn't meet with me.  She will help you with outside stuff tho
5.0 : Professor Casey is the BEST professor EVER!!!  Her teaching style, humor and passion about the course material are so motivating and inspiring!  I can't remember the last time I've taken a course where I actually walked away remembering what I've learned.  Hands-down and without doubt - take Professor Casey for HRM 3512! You will love her!
4.0 : She's great! Caring, gives a grace period for every paper. A lot of movies but some are interesting. She is very flexible and nice, which makes the class enjoyable. Stay on top of the work ( weekly readings) and you'll do fine. Team Debate in class too. Would take her again!
5.0 : Extremely helpful. Easy class as long as you put the work in. She gives you everything and more to do well. Although the textbooks are cheap I didn't use them once.
5.0 : she is an amazing teacher. she explains the material in a language you can understand. she curves the tests and she makes cool games for us to play to understand the material better.
5.0 : Really knowledgeable about what she teaches, and always has interesting ways of making the class fun, and really lets you know how TV stations work and do their jobs. Tests are not worth that much, ended with a 70% test average, and still ended up with an A. Although there are easy group projects and assignments.
5.0 : After talking to my friends taking the same course with a different professor. I really think he is one of the best. Easy to understand, fair grader, explained things clearly and slowly, and shows multiple examples of problems which is helpful.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Best calc professor I had at Temple.  He really cares about how we do and he prepares us very well for the exams.  I wish I had him for my previous calc semesters.  The class in general is hard, but he does his best to make sure we succeed.  TAKE HIM.  There are no better professors than him.
3.5 : Elementary statistics. Half the class failing. Every exam average is in the 60's. This was supposed to be an easy course!!! He made it much more difficult than it should've been. The curve was minimal, and many people failed. ELEMENTARY statistics. Matt isn't a bad teacher, he's a good teacher. It's just his exams are impossible.
4.5 : He was impressively clear with teaching the material. The course is hard, but he knows how  teach it very well. If you have to take Calc 3, try to take it with him. He knows what he is doing and he is incredibly helpful.
5.0 : One of the best undergraduate instructors in the math department here. He's always prepared, gives lucid lectures posed at an appropriate level of difficulty, generous with his time out of class, generally encouraging, and answers questions thoroughly in class. He's also just a nice guy. Definitely would recommend.
1.0 : Matt's class seems like it's going to be a manageable class. However, his 3 question 25 pt quizzes are what kills your grade. Getting only half the points on one question and getting the others perfect has you at a C and getting one question wrong fails you. He doesn't teach the material, he tells you the material. Not a good teacher. Don't take.
5.0 : Best teacher temple. probably throws a mean frisbee
1.0 : Matt is a nice person but not a nice teacher at all. His quizzes are hard and he grades them so harsh! Guys just avoid his class as much as you can :) don't end up taking and paying for the class again.  I've had pre calc, calcII and calcIII here in temple and never fail any except this time! I was a B student in all of them!!!!!!
4.0 : If you read (or at least skim) the section before class his lectures will be enlightening and easy to follow. 8 quizzes worth 25 points each; the problems are similar to those in the book, maybe slightly more challenging, but definitely doable. He's extremely approachable and helpful. Overall, great CALC III professor. Take him!
4.0 : Matt made Calc III as simple as Calc III can be. Very clear and simple to understand his lectures, but that doesn't make the subject easy. Do the Homework!!
4.5 : Professor Zumbrum is definitely one of the best teachers in the Math Department. He presents material in an upfront manner and is willing to help you in any way. The class isn't easy, so expect to teach yourself a lot. Great teacher - for what it's worth, as no professor's teaching can make up for the ridiculous callousness of the Math Department.
5.0 : Her class is mostly discussion based so it gets kind of awkward because no one really reads the books. She's really cool and helpful and is willing to give any feedback on things like essays. I don't think her class was all that hard- although I would agree with the other person who said that you have to be ready to make a good persuasive essay.
4.0 : Shes not a bad 802 professor, she has online blog posts that go along with the readings so you have to read, all the papers require you to cite from the readings so its best to just do them their not that bad Speak up once or twice during class and say something about the books so she knows you read and you'll do fine in the class
5.0 : Really nice, and super liberal. She really understands the course material and wants you too. If you take notes of the in-class discussions and do the work assigned (granted, there is a reading a response due nearly each class) you will get through the essays like its nothing. She gives great feedback on essays and gives it to you straight.
4.5 : He's a cool dude. He will always come to class happy which is refreshing considering a lot of the other professors here at Temple for Film. He shows a clips of a bunch of semi-indie film treasures that you will want to go home and watch for yourself. Overall, nice and easy teacher.
4.5 : Neal really seems to know his stuff. Experienced and good at explaining. Group projects were tough to manage, but overall rewarding. I learned more in this class than any other film class I've taken at Temple. Go out of your way to get stuff done ahead of time, projects get pretty rapid fire around the middle of the semester.
3.0 : The class is tough because it is so group project heavy. Assignments will be really slow at first and then hit you hard. I has 3 assignments due on the same day. I learned a lot in the class tough.
3.5 : Pretty much what you make of it. Class was only worthy when he taught it. Assistant was not a teacher, nice person, but unbelievable really. He will push you and will give you constructive feedback.
5.0 : great teacher. shows weird art, but it's always interesting and thought provoking
5.0 : This class meant a lot to me. When the course was just starting out I was skeptical of the subject matter, but professor Trudgeon made the readings and art really fascinating. I learned a lot about experimental poetry and how to talk about it. The class shifted the way i think about writing and about my own writing
2.0 : Really nice guy, but get ready to print a bunch of readings (40+ pages a week) that you work on for maybe 10 minutes and then never discuss again. The workshop is kind of a joke. It's more about reading obscure poetry than actual writing skills. If you're a serious writer, this is probably not for you. The feedback is severely lacking.
3.0 : I took Trudgeon for English 802. Although the class was not extremely hard, he's very set on what he wants to see in papers. He won't settle for anything else but what he wants to see. He tries to sound very intelligent and makes it seem like he doesn't know what he talks about. The class is easy though, just the papers are a little boring to write
5.0 : Best teacher ever, He cares a lot about his students. He is so affirming of diversity &amp; rejecting oppressive narratives. Even if you're not "into" avant garde poetics take this class because it helps "expand your mind". It will improve your life. Wasn't easy, but worthwhile.  He makes poetry "hauntingly alive". Always willing to help you whenever.
5.0 : He is an incredibly nerdy, funny guy and he even sang once. There are 2 open note exams, attendance, participation, a portfolio project, and an essay. Some of the exam questions were hard and not very straight forward even if you read the articles. But he weights the exam scores by a lot. As long as you put in the work, you will end up with an A.
5.0 : Have you always wanted Danny Devito to be a college proffesor? Well if so, then take this Prof. In all seriousness though this guy is great. Really funny, loves the students, and brings in candy and food for the exams! He also is willing to go the extra mile and help you if your struggling. The class was just meh but he made it fun!
5.0 : Its a tough class in general, but she is a really good professor. Well informed, lots of experience, and extremely helpful when you need it. A lot of people think she's strict, but that's just the way the class is it's not really her fault.
5.0 : She is one of the Best Professors I have ever had, After 3 classes with her it proves that she knows exactly what she is doing through all works of Film. She can get you places too if she feels that you are ready to get out there and do the work.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. She really knows and loves what she is teaching and is super accessible even with a class size so large. I have a huge respect for her.
5.0 : The course includes 1 lecture and 1 lab a week. you get 1 free absence on either a lab or lecture. Her lectures are enjoyable and she really cares about both the art and technicalities of film. As for work, you have 3 video projects, a number of weekly assignments and one paper. She's very approachable and encourages students to send her their work
3.0 : Boring lectures to be honest, kind professor though
5.0 : I agree with others saying she is a five out of five. Her lectures were truly amazing. She talks really fast, but everything that she says actually matters. The only reason this class gets a 2 on easiness is that it is a film class that actually requires you to shoot things. Welcome to Film and Media Arts.
5.0 : I really liked Sam. He's a total hipster but it was nice to have a young teacher who still remembered how stressful being a student can be. He explained very clearly and gave great feedback. As long as you put your effort into the rough drafts and followed his corrections you will do well. He is very opinionated and let's you know (not in a bad way
4.5 : (English 802) Makes the class enjoyable and is always willing to help. Not an easy A because at the end of the semester a panel of people grade your papers and don't hand out A's. You can rewrite your papers throughout the semester. Definitely go to Sam for help with papers.
4.5 : Sams a really cool guy and his class is interesting. The three papers are really long but it's a portfolio grading system so you can edit them all year long. Your portfolio is graded by a group of teachers not just him and it isn't easy to get a good grade
5.0 : Yo Sam is the freaking best. I never did any creative writing in my life and i ended up writing some banging poetry and short stories in his class. He provides a comfortable atmosphere for every student and he makes sure to give great feedback in order for you to improve your work constantly. Lots of reading/writing but most of it is fun! TAKE SAM
5.0 : Sam is amazing. He knows how to teach in a way that makes every student feel like they are right no matter what they say and to always bring it back to what he's teaching, even if its not relevant at all. He's super clear about what he wants and super understanding about everything. He has a fresh perspective on teaching.
4.5 : Honors English is tough because of the portfolio, but Sam rocks. He's really funny, brings up incredibly interesting topics in class, and is always willing to hear your opinion. Class discussions were really cool and I enjoyed being in his class. Lots of reading, but the conversations about the readings were worthwhile.
4.0 : Sam was a great prof.  He really cares about his students and likes to see them succeed, and he was always willing to give feedback.  He made and English class more enjoyable and created a comfortable classroom.  There are a total of 3 papers and a  lot of reading assignments, but it wasn't too bad. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Great guy! Course consists of weekly discussion posts, 2case studies(must buy for 2$ on Harvard business), 2 proctored exams(22$ per exam, open book/open notes), and one final group project that you must present via recorded WebEx session of group. I would definitely take any course he teachers. Genuinely cares about students and their success.
5.0 : Mike really made HRM look like it was a fun and enjoyable environment. When he talks about his profession you can tell he genuinely loves what he does. I usually do not read textbooks in any classes, however, this class really had some interesting information that I learned. Take Mike for this class, you will not be disappointed.
5.0 : He combined his personal experience with text knowledge, making the class really interesting. He gave fair extra credit to everyone. He accepted students' suggestions. Overall, really good professor!!!
5.0 : He is the best and easiest professor. Such an easy grader and exams were open book and/or done at home. You have a few one page silly essays to write but if you want a good grade take him. If you're not an HRM major the class is really boring. Buy the online version of the textbook for the exams. I would have a 4.0 if all professors were like him.
5.0 : I took him for HRM 2501 and for my metrics course. I am preparing to take my HRM 4596 with him this fall. He is an angel... literally the most up-standing and understanding professor I have every met. Just do the homeworks and papers that he assigns and you will pass the class. Easy A.
5.0 : He is a great professor and makes it clear he is not here to trick you. He really takes time to share is experiences which are interesting and valid. Would take him again for sure. Tests are a little hard because its online and timed. But its doable.
5.0 : Awesome guy, he gives great real life examples in relation to each of the topics. Class is super laid-back. He really wants everyone to do well and makes it able for your to do well. 2 test, final optional. 2 cases, 1 more case optional for extra credit. 1 group project. Participate here and there and its an easy A. Great class
5.0 : Professor G is easily the best professor I've taken at Temple, I also took him for 2501. He is a very genuine &amp; approachable guy and super passionate about HR. He has real life experience for every HR concept you can think of. You'd be doing yourself a real disservice by not taking him. He really cares about his students and wants you to succeed.
5.0 : This class was a fantastic experience. We only had 4 major projects throughout the semester. To do well you need to really pay attention in class. Overall, our class learned a lot and we felt prepared to enter into our HR careers. Highly recommend taking him. If you work hard you will get an A!
4.0 : Sam Foster is the man! He was a good professor overall. He is a nice guy and is always willing to accommodate students. He cancels class often which isn't necessarily a bad thing. It isn't the most interesting class and the papers are long and boring but he tries hard to make it bearable. Very helpful with his feedback on papers.
5.0 : Sam is so funny &amp; nice I had him at 8am and still loved it. There's 3 papers &amp; all the material for it is discussed in class. You'll need the books but I never did the readings &amp; took maybe 3 pages worth of notes. If you're not a great writer you might not want to do that. He offers a ton of help and you can give him a bunch of drafts to look over.
5.0 : Sam was great. He was nice and helpful. I did really well in the class. He was really fun. I was really bored in class. Only 3 paper the whole semester. Only negative is that he doesn't always reply to emails promptly. Overall great professor.
5.0 : Sam is a great professor, there are 3 papers throughout the semester which aren't long, and he will help you throughout the whole writing process with good ideas and feedback. He is very understanding so if you can't attend class for some reason he will understand. The class content isn't really fun but he will try to make everyone enjoy the class
4.5 : Sam is a really great guy &amp; he's willing to help. He's not always on top of things, however, when he says something he might not always get around to it right away but remind him &amp; he'll get back to you. Very lenient and gives great feedback to genuinely make you a better writer.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had so far. Passionate about the subject and very helpful. He has a nice sense of humor which kept the class interesting. Going into the class I didn't think i'd like it as much as I do. Definitely take Shakespeare in Movies with him! If I could give him a lifetime supply of bananas I would!
5.0 : Sam Foster is the man. This class was absolute gold dust. He was entertaining as all hell, incredibly brilliant, and he made a class about which I was already psyched and made unforgettable. Absolutely would recommend!
5.0 : What a great guy!
4.0 : British accent! Very lax style of teaching. Super nice and helpful. Just do the work assigned and its not bad at all. A lot of papers but that's it. He tends to cancel class a lot. Just do the reading and understand what's going on in class and write the paper and make the changes he suggests and you should do just fine.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors ever. Ratzan's class presence is just amazing-full of intrigue and enthusiasm. Latin isnt easy to learn but I didnt mind going to his class one bit, and learned a ton not just about Latin but other cool things he used as examples. Just a really cool guy, he could probably make a class about cabbage interesting somehow.
5.0 : Ratzan is an excellent professor!a constant force of encouragement. A brilliant scholarand an incredibly funny guy. Looked forward to attending every class. He has a definite talent for cultivating enthusiasm in a classroom. We all learned a lot of LatinWheelock can be drybut this was truly fun. Professors like this are rare.
5.0 : Ratzan was a wonderful professor. It is clear he is passionate about what he does which creates an encouraging and enthusiastic classroom.
2.0 : She is inconsistent  and needs more experience to better teach undergrad students. I would never recommend her as a good lecturer. TOUGH GRADER!!
5.0 : Shes ridiculously good at teaching. Makes the material very clear and easy to understand. Lectures are organized and she makes sure students understand everything before she moves on. Tests are straightforward multiple choice. Two tests and a final. Go to class, take notes, and you will for sure do well. I would definitely take her again
4.0 : This course is mostly self-taught since it's math and online, but Dr. Spirko is really good at explaining things in the online classroom from what I saw (I never really paid attention). You have to show up to the online classes just to do the classwork. Everything is through MyStatLab and open note.
5.0 : Prof Spirko is amazing. Her stat class teaches the material using gambling scenarios (Texas Hold 'em, horse racing, etc.) and she is clearly very passionate about the material. It is hard not to do well on the tests - she simply provides enough examples that you get it by the time the test rolls around. I would definitely take her again
2.0 : I had her for 0827 &amp; it was too disorganized. She is nice, but she is very rushed and clumsy when teaching. She speeds through powerpoints and moves on without checking if everybody understands. Maybe it wouldnt be so bad if we had any materials to help us outside of class but we never used the book! Doesn't review/explain what you did wrong on HW
5.0 : As someone who is in no way, shape, or form a math person, Professor Spirko was heaven sent. Not only did I do well in her Stat class, she actually made it enjoyable. She is young, but I thought that was definitely an asset that made class more fun. She couldn't be more articulate in explaining things and if you put in the work, you'll pass easily.
5.0 : She's so passionate about what she teaches, that it's contagious! Extremely helpful lectures! She's very responsive and accessible! She cares about her students' success! You'll need to put a decent amount of work in but it's fun and rewarding!
4.0 : Professor Spirko is a great professor and makes the class really easy! If you do her practice homework's, quizzes, and final there is no reason you shouldn't pass at least. The problems are very identical. She takes attendance everyday  but I still slept in class and passed so...
5.0 : Made Mosaic I actually fun. Really sweet funny. She is very informed and knows how to relate to students. I learned a lot from her. Always have the text in class. Quizzes and papers weren't hard. Participation means a lot.
5.0 : Mosaics 1. Really nice, laid back. Pretty hot too. Easy A if you just do the readings. Take it
5.0 : Had her for Representing Race. She really cares about the subject and makes you care too. The class is very discussion-based and the books are actually interesting. No test, just essays, and she's a very easy grader if you know how to write. Actually reading the books makes this class an easy A!
5.0 : Awesome professor for Mosaics I. Related the readings to current stuff by watching Key&amp;Peele, Louis CK, The Colbert Report... Do the readings and participate in class and you'll do great.
5.0 : Took this class as a senior &amp; it wasn't even close to my major. But it's just the class you'd want in college - makes you reflect, helps you form (an informed) worldview, and connects 'important' texts to the real world. She brings in articles/ movies/Beyonce to make it all relevant to TODAY (so you have to read, but there's a reason for it).
5.0 : Dr. Chavers was really awesome and knowledgable about the material. Reading the texts was "required" but you probably could've gotten by without paying too much attention to them. It was a discussion and project based class. A lot of pop culture was included in the lessons and I liked that. She could be sassy at times but nice if you're nice to her
4.0 : Great guy! Super interactive with students so paying attention is key. Watching mostly good movies and all of the assigments are extremely easy. If you just do everything he says you'll get an A
5.0 : he was a great professor
5.0 : One of the best teachers i have ever had!! Really nice and helpful teacher. If you're having trouble in class go and talk to him!
5.0 : He gives good presentation on all professional development topics. He's very helpful outside of class too. The class is an easy A after all
5.0 : He really gets you devoted to becoming a better business person. He clearly gives you step by step instructions on how to succeed in the business world. Invaluable class.
5.0 : Great guy. Classes are all the same no matter who you get. 1 credit course. Not bad although it was kind of boring. But not hard at all. Remember to make sure you spell check your work.
5.0 : If you screw this one up, drop out of Temple. Professor Shpall makes it impossible to fail. I finished the course with a 100% with minimal effort. Gives great feedback, and you will learn real useful information in this course.
5.0 : Adam is great! He's helpful and there for you! The assignments are literal cake; I don't know how one would fail this class.
5.0 : Professor Adam was one of THE best teachers I was sad to see go. Great personality and sense of humor. Always respond to your emails and questions in a timely manner : )
5.0 : Easy A. Attendance is literally 35% of the grade. Self-explanatory assignments. Clearing grading. Useful material. Great guy. Shame he left Temple.
5.0 : Take her class! Definitely be prepared to read and learn a lot. The material was very interesting and she cares a ton about what she teaches. She is a very nice lady, just make sure you make an effort!
5.0 : She is extremely sweet and goes easy on her students. She does not want to overwhelm them with work. As long as you show that you are putting in some effort, she will give you an A. Plus, she's really cute!!!
5.0 : There is not a lot of work for this class. There are assigned readings listed on the syllabus. Make sure you read and come prepared to discuss it in class. Class discussions take up most of class and it is very interesting. So far my favorite course at Temple!
5.0 : Dr. Culver was really amazing. She was so sweet and thoughtful and it was clear she was very passionate about the subject matter. She aims to cover a lot in her classes and you never get to all of it, which is a bit overwhelming. She's pretty though on attendance but it was a great class and I learned a lot. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Very interesting class and teacher. I had her for a night class and never thought that the class dragged on or was boring. If you want to do well you need to participate. Overall she's interesting and knowledgable about the topics.
5.0 : Fun prof. Not too much work. Skim the readings and know what they're about and you'll be fine. Just be ready to discuss in class. A couple writing assignments no tests. Would definitely recommend taking a class taught by her.
3.0 : Very unorganized but easy class. Easy gen Ed with only two big writing assignments. Show up and skim readings and you'll pass.
4.0 : Katie is a very caring and politically correct teacher that cares about her students more than the grades. I work hard in this class and participate because I am passionate about the topics, and I have received 100% on all assignments. There are a lot of readings, but do them. They are interesting and important to education.
3.5 : Katie is chill and the homework is just readings. No tests. Group project as final. If you want an easy GenEd take this class!
4.0 : Katie was great this semester, I overall really enjoyed her class and the topic. She was very knowledgeable and we covered a wide array of topics. If you do the readings you'll be fine. It is a discussion based course so participation is important, and very little homework is assigned
5.0 : Eva is a great teacher. She is EXTREMELY knowledgable &amp; knows A LOT about anthropology. You really learn a lot in this class, which was surprising for an introductory class. I came out of the class learning so much about the world, politics and global events. Eva helps you read critically and the class really opens your mind to opposing viewpoints.
5.0 : My first thought about this course was it would be boring. After the first week I was drawn  into the course. Eva kept the lectures exciting and engaging. She was always available for discussions or to help with issues during the course. I enjoyed the critical commentary and the exams were easy as long as you read the material.Eva was AWESOME!!!
5.0 : This course was awesome. My first impression was that I would be bored with this course but Eva was great.Eva's lectures were exciting and engaging. The exams were easy as long as you read the material.
3.0 : If you're looking for an Easy-A Gen Ed, this is definitely not the one. There are discussion posts every week based on articles and journals and multiple assignments which include long papers. The posts, projects, and participation were graded toughly. Also, this is a very left-wing class, FYI. If you need an A, I would not recommend this class.
5.0 : Eva is caring and receptive to feedback. She is open to students leading the discussion, and this is definitely the class for you if you're looking for active discussion and a course that will really expand your perspective. Would definitely recommend for a student willing to put the work into a meaningful course.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this teacher. My classmates and I literally begged him to teach Spanish 1003 so we can have him. He's a great teacher with a great sense of humor and cares for his students. I've had trouble in Spanish my past years but this class was great and very easy. I would recommend him to everyone. Young too so he relates to us a lot.
5.0 : Daniel was awesome! I hardly showed up for class and still aced it. Super funny and sweet and gladly helped you when you needed it. Extensive amounts of homework is mandatory for the course but Daniel made it as easy as possible. Class was laid back and he even cooked and brought food in on the final exam day.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. He's super helpful and understanding. Would take him for all of my classes if I could.
3.5 : Very attractive but very hard to understand that accent! Overall he is nice and wants you to learn Spanish, but doesn't always realize how hard it is for students. You must know a great deal of sayings before coming into the course. Study up!
4.0 : Not a difficult class. Professor definitely makes you work for your grade and grades you fairly. His quizzes are pretty easy. Need to participate in class. His Spanish accent is amazing! Definitely recommend the class!
5.0 : Daniel is absolutely one of the best professors I've ever had in the Spanish Department. While he's a goofball he made class fun, but we still learned. Even allowed us to bring in food to celebrate birthdays/holidays. I actually became friends with many of my classmates. If a student doesn't get along with him, they're probably the problem.
5.0 : Professor Raso is such a wonderful teacher!!!! He is so understanding and so nice. I learned so much from him. At first it was a bit intimidating but after a while it got better. He is so helpful. I WOULD 100% recommend him.
3.0 : he is funny sometimes and his class is very easy. make sure you read and you are good. participation is important and he is a little tough grader. he is boring sometimes.
2.0 : Mr. Raso grades his compositions in a strange way. He gives you letter feedback instead of stating the issue. He takes off points for using vocab that's beyond the level of the class you are in, completely disregarding any prior knowledge of the language. His lab lessons don't relate to the content of that weeks classes. He can be helpful at times
4.5 : Prof Raso was great! He explained everything very well and would help if you didn't understand something. Test were pretty straight forward. Overall a good class
5.0 : Doctor Harris is amazing!!! She is extremely intelligent and makes attending class pretty easy. There is ALOT of reading involved but most of the material is very interesting. I highly recommend taking her for any class. She cares a lot about her students and is always helpful/understanding.
5.0 : Professor Harris is the best professor I've taken at temple. She is super helpful if you have a question or need help on a paper. There is a lot of reading in the class, but it is really interesting. She has a fun atmosphere and allows people to feel free to express how they felt about the readings.
5.0 : The best English professor I have ever taken. The material is engaging and fun to discuss. I've never learned so much from a class discussion. She knows what she's talking about and has so much knowledge to share. You'll actually learn. Fair grader, clear assignments- midterm and 2-3 short papers. Take any class she is teaching! She's a riot!
5.0 : Professor Harris is the best teacher I have ever had at Temple. Woman in Literature is a very fun class. There is a lot of reading, but it is not hard and it is interesting. I would recommend taking her class if you can.
5.0 : Professor Harris is an AMAZING human being (and professor). She's really enthusiastic about what she teaches and she can answer almost any question you possibly ask about the subject. She's always there during office hours to bounce ideas for papers off of. However, you do have to memorize a lot of material for the exams.
5.0 : Very good.
5.0 : Prof. Harris's class wasn't easy in the normal sense... there was a lot of material to read and the tests required quite a bit of this reading to be memorized.What made the class so easy to get through was her willingness to help and the complete lack of judgement on her part that I've gotten from so many teachers. Nicest woman ever.
4.5 : I enjoyed her class, which was a lit survey course. Her class had a wonderful structure and she shows a positive attitude. There is much to read but her enthusiasm helps smooth it over. Tests are easy if you do the readings and take notes. She also provides helpful feedback. Highly recommended.
5.0 : She is a wonderful woman. I adore her. She is super passionate and knows so much!! She is a tough paper grader but gives great feedback. Visit her office hours! It will be well worth it!
5.0 : Nice guy. Gave very useful and insightful feedback on our film projects, and emphasized working together/screening rough cuts for feedback. His lectures were generally interesting. Very laid back and a funny guy when he wants to be. Only complaint was we never got any grades back on assignments all semester, but I got an A so guess it worked out.
4.5 : David's a great guy. He was always engaged and cared about all of the students' work equally. Always showed interest in what he taught and is also very funny and easy going.
5.0 : He's an easy teacher to take for your first year in a film major.  He is very willing to help you out, only if you ask though.  Its a class where you get out of it what you put in.  He's a cool dude.
5.0 : Definitely an important class if you are interested in filmmaking/cinematography. David went over a lot of stuff that wasn't necessarily related to lighting, but its not as though it was unimportant, uninteresting, or unwanted. Very helpful.
5.0 : great professor, really knows what he's talking about. One solo presentation and a solo project, which i enjoyed alot bc group projects are lame...
5.0 : Professor Rosen is great. He's so kind and helpful. He's a teacher that really wants you to do well and  knows a great deal of what the class is all about. Definitely would take him again!
5.0 : LOVE Professor Rosen. He is so helpful, nice, and so knowledgeable about the topic. He is very straight-forward and he is willing to help if you need it! He's also funny which makes the class go by. He has a lot of experience that he will use as examples, also very helpful in realizing you will use class material outside of class. Great prof!!
5.0 : Great professor. Highly recommended.
4.5 : Professor Sawin is awesome. She is very kind and is very very passionate about what she's teaching. She's aware that most students aren't too interested in the course and she does a really great job of keeping it interesting for people. I highly recommend her!
5.0 : Professor Sawin is one of the best professors I've ever had. She genuinely cares about her students and tries her best to make them all succeed. She's extremely fair and understanding. The class is a fair amount of work but not excessive, and she's pretty lenient with due dates towards the end of the semester as long as you communicate with her.
5.0 : I don't have enough good words to describe this woman. She's absolutely wonderful. Mosaics has the potential to get boring, but she constantly kept us engaged and wasn't afraid to discuss current affairs.
5.0 : Definitely the best professor I've had at Temple. Everyone in my class absolutely loves Sawin. She is one of the kindest women I've ever met &amp; really cares about her students. The class is participation &amp; discussion based, but it's honestly really fun. Homework load is manageable, nothing to stress over. No essays, just fun projects. Love her!
5.0 : I don't usually write reviews but Prof. Sawin is one of the best teachers I've ever had! She genuinely cares about her students and is understanding if something goes wrong. She requires a little bit of work, but it's not impossible, and is a class worth taking. I've learned more in this class than any other. If you get the chance, take her class!
5.0 : More work than your average Gen Ed but she's totally awesome so you don't even mind. She cares more than almost any professor I've ever seen. Had her for Shakespeare in the Movies and it's been my favorite Gen Ed so far, and I'm in Fox.
5.0 : Professor Sawin is one of the best teachers at Temple, best mosaics teacher.  She really wants her students to understand the Mosaic texts that we read so she ties them into real world issues. You get a lot out of the class and will become a better, more well-rounded student after taking her class.
4.5 : Def not an easy A but I loved Sawin she was sooo sweet!! She obviously genuinely cares about each of her students, which is nice. She did her best to make boring mosaics fun even with some of the more dry texts. I learned SOO much from Sawin she taught me how to write a good paper. Take her, you'll learn so much
4.0 : Sawin is really passionate and big on participation. She's not always clear on assignments/requirements but is pretty helpful when you have questions. There a lot of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Sawin is one of my favorite professors here at Temple. She is helpful, her class is interesting and fun. Make sure to read and participate. No midterm or final or test just a few small quizzes and mini projects.  I highly recommend her.
5.0 : She makes the material very interesting and relates it to real world topics and situations. Expects a lot from you, but it only makes you a better student. Tries to let you express creativity in your papers and projects, would deff take again, she is an angel!
4.5 : Professor Sawin is a really good professor!  Though it is not an easy A  because she is a hard grader when it comes to papers, but she is very friendly and gives easy assignments.   Participation matters in her class and there is no tests what so ever, only projects. She knows her material and she is inspiring. Take her, you will not regret it!
5.0 : Professor Sawin takes IH and makes interactive and fun. IH is a writing intensive course to begin with but the way the professor uses Voice Thread and all kinds of interesting ways for work to be done, makes it fun and a nice break from your major. Take her you will enjoy this class.
5.0 : Sawin is God's gift to Temple and is one of the best professors that the school has to offer. There's required notes, short quote paragraphs, and two short papers you need to complete, but it's an easy A if you do your work. She gives amazing feedback and actually cares about her students and what their opinions are. THIS WOMAN IS AMAZING!
5.0 : Prof Sawin is an inspirational lady and fantastic teacher!! Attendance is mandatory and participation is heavy in this class, but if you read the books and take solid notes you'll enjoy participating in class. She has great ideas for projects and allows students to be creative.
5.0 : Sawin is the most influential teacher I've had at Temple. You are expected to read whatever is assigned (usually a lot), as the class is discussion based. She explains concepts clearly and looks out for her students. She has a great sense of humor and is just an awesome person all around. Essays are short but tough. Would take again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : I took Prof. Sawin for Mosaics online in the summer. The class required a lot of reading but it was doable and she did an awesome job of making the readings interesting. Expect to participate a lot in short online discussions (comments are always under 3 mins). There is no way to do well without actually reading the books but they're quick reads.
5.0 : Highly recommended!! This woman is an angel. So sweet, genuinely cares about her students. Two papers, the rest of the assignments were creative projects. Come to class and participate. She made my mosaics experience one that I will never forget. She's seriously so amazing. TAKE HER. You won't regret it. I want to be Sawin when I grow up!!
3.5 : Sweet, engaging.  Really cares about students.  Communication of assignments could be confusing.  The weekly assignments were involving (overwhelming) particularly difficult to manage in light of other classesresponsibilities.
4.5 : Sheryl Sawin is a professor who actually cares about her students. My experience with Mrs. Sawin was awesome.
5.0 : Best professor i've had at Temple. Class is fun and interesting. Just participate and do the work and you will get an A.
4.0 : I was going to fail this class, I then went to office hours and she really went out of the way to help me. A great professor and a kind human being.
4.0 : I loved Sawin. She's so sweet. I learned so much in her class. It's not exactly an easy A but if you do the work you'll do well
5.0 : Sawin is amazing for Honors Mosaic 1. Best prof I've had so far. No essays or exams! Entire class is discussion based and you get a lot out of it, even if you slack off sometimes. Makes class so interesting. You can't really afford to skip, but you won't want to anyway. Take any class she teaches. She cares about the material and her students.
5.0 : LOVE Sawin!! Very engaging in class discussion and always excited to hear new ideas. Friendly and really approachable. Used lit circles this semester with rotating roles. Only one "essay" (had to write a Buzzfeed article). Make sure to do readings because sometimes has note checks and pop quizzes (all really easy). By far one of my favorites!
3.5 : She's one of the best professors I've had so far. She knows exactly what she is talking about and is really passionate about the subject. Also, she is great at listening and accepting other people's opinions about what is being spoken about. She's overall a great person and easy to talk to.
5.0 : Very nice women, gets to know you on a personal level.  Grades a little hard but its an honors class.  Loved being in her mosiacs class and I learned a lot about class particiaption
5.0 : You can tell that she really cares about what she's teaching and about her students. She will definitely put you to work, with 2+ assignments a week it isn't always easy, but she doesn't grade too harshly and wants yo to do well. Such a sweet woman, I would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Sawin is one of the best teachers I've had here but if you want an easy gpa booster don't take her! She knows what she is talking about but she will rip your papers apart. She is friendly and approachable and always willing to help. On our first paper no one received an A so don't expect anything to be handed to you. Also, go to class or you fail.
5.0 : Best Professor I ever had. Do the work and you'll be a better person leaving the classroom.
5.0 : Sawin is an awesome human being and she really cares about her students. You'll love her immediately.  She is quite a tough grader on writing though so make sure you follow her instructions closely. Got an A on the course by taking advantage of a lot of extra credit, but I would say it's better to not count on that.
5.0 : Professor Sawin is my favorite professor at Temple so far. She is fair in all of her grading and gives great feedback. You really have to work for your grade and participate twice a week on VT (you make videos of yourself responding to her slides), but it is definitely doable! Participate and do well on the projects and you'll be fine!
4.5 : Professor Griebling is an awesome Mosaics teacher! She is younger so she is really relatable in her discussions of the books. As long as you go to class and participate while your there you will get a great grade!
5.0 : One of the best and most helpful teachers I've had while at temple.  Really wants her students to succeed.
4.5 : Very laid back. Only assigned three short papers and you choose what books you want to write about. Very passionate about the subjects she teaches. Does not give a heavy reading load, it is very manageable. I wish she teached Mosaics II because I would definitely take her again.
3.5 : Overall easy class, not too much work, but she is a very tough grader! 2 papers and a final.
5.0 : Awesome professor! I highly recommend you take her class. She is extremely passionate about the material she teaches and strives to connect with students on an individual level. Professor Griebling even helped me to catch up on material after I had a medical issue. I can honestly say that I wish most professors were like her.
4.0 : A great mosaics professor! She takes time on the first day to learn everyone's name and does not forget them. I wouldn't skip more than 2 or 3 classes, you may think she isn't taking attendance but she does in her head. The readings were always discussed and I never struggled at all in this class. I would recommend Professor Greibling.
5.0 : This was a very good class.  You will learn many new things in this course.  The work is not that hard but she is a tough grader.  I would recommend her to anyone taking this class.
5.0 : Took him for Child Psychopathology.  Jon's approachable and a grad student so he makes for a cool professor.  A lot of quizzes, but some have the option to get dropped which is helpful.  Awesome class!
5.0 : Professor Afriyie is very helpful and cares about his students. He is always available during office hours and will extend them during a midterm/final. He is quick to respond to emails. I gave him a 4 for easiness because of the weekly quizzes he gives out. Overall he is a great professor. Highly recommend!
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS!! Never had an easier math class in my life. Impossible to fail. Nicest teacher in the world, only wants the best for his students. Always available to talk to if you were to be confused but he is so clear with his directions you wont even need to meet with him. I wish he taught every math class here. Never used the book, all online
5.0 : This professor is terrific. I like him very much. His class is helpful. He will carefully explain every question you mentioned. The attendance is not mandatory; however, he will have quiz not regularly. And in the end of semester, he will gives extra credit. I missed three quiz, but he gives me another chance to do it.
4.5 : Great professor. He's one of those professors that have 100 examples in their head and never look at their notes to find examples. His tests are the 20-25 question tests worth a big percentage of your grade. Always quick to respond to emails &amp; answers questions throughout class and right before tests if you have one.
5.0 : Professor Afriyie is a great guy and is really knowledgeable in what he teaches. He is always open to assist you. Some of the material may be confusing due to being a "Calculus" course but, Afriyie is good at explaining it. I highly recommend him!
5.0 : Take him! One of the best professors!
5.0 : One of the best professors anyone could ever take. Makes every effort to ensure you'll learn, and in the easiest way possible. Super nice guy too, and understanding of personal issues that may cause you to miss class. A true bro in every sense
5.0 : Professor Prince was amazing. Im not a big fan of math, but he made it so easy ! Very understanding and he is always willing to stay after class and expelling whatever you couldn't understand.
4.0 : He is a good teacher and helps his students out when they need help. But his test are pretty tough. You have to practice and do the homework he assigns.
5.0 : Best instructor Temple's arts school can ever have. Very helpful, understanding and professional at the same time. Gives perfect discussion, which includes student participation. I learned a lot. I would not have done this well without this class, office hours and meeting, and great response. I was never an arts person, but Joe changed my mind.
5.0 : Mr. Kopta taugh us really details, and always help me to focued on my work. We have two chances to visit museums, its really good for us. Mr. Kopta works hard for us, he explains well and details, help me to understand all images which shows in the class.
5.0 : Very relaxed atmosphere. Extremely knowledgeable. His adherence to the syllabus accompanied with his artistic savvy made learning the material fairly easy. I liked the fact that he could explain with such ease the correlation between pieces of art, enlighten my mind about different styles of art, and breathe life into the allegorical meanings.
5.0 : Fine, treated everyone kindly, didnt pity on students. Thank you for everything, Ill always think of our meeting when writing a paper. Letting me revise my paper is very much appreciated. I wish only the best for you and your future endeavors. Youve shown me a new appreciation for art in which Im finding ways to apply to my own everyday life.
5.0 : His preparation and exhausting amounts of feedback made it impossible to fail
5.0 : Very enthusiasitic for the subject material. made topics interesting. Temple should bring him on as full time faculty, best art history professor Ive ever had.
5.0 : Good guy. Recitations are for going into more detail, so be sure to take notes (they'll be helpful for the writing portion of the exams). Use Quizlet, flashcards, etc. and memorize all the information about each work (both for exams and recitation quizzes), do all the article summaries, and make an effort on the analysis papers, and it's an easy A.
5.0 : Has a true passion for the subject that is inspiring. Takes the class and materials seriously and expects you to do the same. Joe has been a great mentor to my own future in the art world. He really cares about the success of his students. Would recommend him to anyone who is serious about art or has a desire to learn more and have fun.
2.0 : He was arrogant for a TA and disrespectful to us. Wanted to make us feel bad even though I tried hard on tests.
4.0 : A passionate and talented musician whose conducting and leadership has made me a better musician.
5.0 : He is a very very smart guy who knows everything about finance. I learned much more from his lectures than the textbook (do not buy!). Helpful and accommodating if you approach him. There are a LOT of assignments, so the class requires work. But is worth it if you are interested in the subject.
5.0 : Great lectures. Very professional and helpful if you approach him. Slides and spreadsheets are great.
5.0 : Great professor!! Classes are best I had at Temple. He makes difficult topics easy. Go to class! (and all materials are shared if you don't). Exam is hard but the curve is huge.
5.0 : The class is hard, but Prof. Pavel is very good at explaining the material. I finally feel like I understand finance, after taking two finance classes before. He is also very nice and accommodating if you have problems with the course.
2.0 : This class is horrible an the professor is even worst! this is the first class at temple that i dont know if i am going to pass it. he is unclear the exams are toughest I've ever taken! AVOID AVOID AVOID
1.0 : Did power points only. Didn't go over any problems. I went to his office hours and he was not helpful.
1.0 : Read from power points but the power points did not  help with online homework or test.
4.5 : I love the course. It is hard, but definitely manageable if you put some work in. And you learn a lot about how corporate finance really functions. The prof is very kind and approachable and willing to help. Exams are not easy, but aren't as difficult as some say. You can use any materials you want, but still have to prepare a lot.
5.0 : He is a very nice professor, graduated from Yale and Harvard, so he is an expert in finance. You can learn a lot if you pay attention to what he said. He also holds student lunch and chats with students. Maybe the best professor in Finance Department. Take him.
4.0 : Great professor! Exams are hard but the curve really makes up for it. Take him if you can
1.0 : If you are in anyway interested in learning something, AVOID. as mentioned, reads from slides. No problems in class, only on exams which are extremely tough. Cases that we understand absolutely nothing of and, of course get bad grades. more than half of the class dropped it after first exam
5.0 : This man is a fantastic professor. If you can't do well in this course most would question how you passed Financial Management. For tests, do the sample exams, review HWs, and be familiar with your notes. His curve is HUGE, and I can't stress that enough. If you aren't doing well, you either are not paying attention in class or not studying at all
2.5 : Exams were extremely rough, cases were not as bad as everyone said. After the first exam, he curved the WHOLE class 30pts+ on everyones exam.  If you do his practice exams, class is pretty easy. 3 cases, 2 exams.
3.0 : Extremely nice guy, but not a good professor at all.  Class is so boring and impossible to pay attention.  Assignments are inconsistent and difficult. Only positive is he curves A LOT. If you wanna learn finance- don't take him.
4.5 : Take him!! Excellent professor! Open Book Open Notes exam, plus huge curves! Holds student lunches and gives career advices if asked. Do not skip class, go to class and pay attention. Class is little boring, but don't give up. Exams are simple from slides and practice exam he posts on BB. Cases are tough, work with a group. Helpful &amp; genuine Prof.
5.0 : I loved the class, professor was well prepared and explained everything very well. I learned much more from him than any previous classes. All exams are open book, which helps a lot since there is a lot of material covered. Very nice professor overall!!!
5.0 : Professor Savor is very smart and an expert on finance. His lectures are great, he explains the material in a way everyone can understand it and also shows how what we learn helps with real-life tasks. All slides are posted online and are great. I used them to study for other courses. He is also very nice in class and in his office hours.
5.0 : One of the best instructors in the Finance department. You will learn a lot from him if you put in the work. Exams are difficult but he curves a lot. I could have used fewer assignments but that is the price you have pay.
3.0 : HUGE curve, 30+ points to every student. Unbelievably difficult. Not clear on cases.  Attendance mandatory
5.0 : Professor Savor is an extremely good, knowledgeable and prepared instructor. Professor Savor prepared me for exams and homework and is a generous grader (exams are hard!).
3.5 : Exams are extremely hard. They are MBA levels. Be prepared to fully understand the principles of Finance, summarize the book, his slides, do all the problems and hope for the best. He is very kind and very helpful, responds to all emails.
5.0 : I had Pavel for FIN3504 and he was a gem.  He is very patient, caring, and wants to understand and get to know his students.  He takes pride in making sure his students are learning.  He even takes his students out to lunch, just to hang out. Tests are open everything but intense paced.  Fortunately the curve makes up for that.
4.5 : His teaching was in general excellent. Always described how materials we learned in class would affect businesses. He is incredibly intelligent and knows the subject matter extremely well. The smartest instructor I had at Temple and probably the smartest person I've ever met. Exams are hard but generously curved.
5.0 : Class is easy at first, but then concepts build and you really have to stay on top of it. Ask questions, he is more than willing to clarify and help. Grades are part homework, part exams, part attendance, and a project. Recommend.
5.0 : Really nice guy, easy essay grader, tries to keep the class involved
5.0 : Dr. Ajaj is one of the best teachers I've seen here at Temple! He is friendly, easy-going and willing to help all the time. Weekly quizzes were straightforward. Exams were fair. Slides were amazing and explained a lot of things not covered by the textbook, so read them first then textbook.  Good luck.
5.0 : I wish I can take all my CIS classes with him. Super nice !
5.0 : His lectures are amazing. His slide presentations are clear with a lot of videos and url links. Students love him.
5.0 : Amazing teacher for introductory Java learners. I had barely coded before his class and did fine! He's funny and explains the material very well.
5.0 : Ola is great in all aspects. Clear slides, straightforward quizzes and exams, and fair grading. I enjoyed his class.
5.0 : he is nice and funny. he does not mind spending more time with you so you understand the material
5.0 : I had iOS class with him. ObjectiveC was new to me. Ola knows how to break those ObjectiveC complicated concepts into pieces and walk with you step by step to understand it all. His lectures are super awesome. He is a real gentleman and he cares about his students :)
5.0 : Best professor in the CS Department. He clearly knows his stuff. He would say "this is going to be on the quiz" so it's like free points. Presentations are 80-100 slides though, so read through it carefully. Labs are a lot of work but never unreasonable. Really hard to find outside the class since he doesn't post office hours, so rely on the TA.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD !!! Super amazing gentleman, you will learn a lot while sitting in his class, and he makes it fun also so that you aren't just sitting there counting the time to finish. He responds to emails quickly! he is approachable and very easy-going !
5.0 : Ola is the man. He is a great professor &amp; he is willing to help students anytime &amp; very nice. He is very clear about assignments, quizzes &amp; tests. They're not that easy but not that hard either. You just have to work for it! But take him by any chance, you will not regret it!!!!
5.0 : Professor Ajaj's lectures were reasonable and helped a lot in understanding the code and other materials. It's very important to study on your own too after the lectures to get the hang of all concepts. I would take him again; text book not required and tests are okay.
4.0 : Complicated to explain how I feel about this prof- I've definitely a lot (potentially too much?), but the time you have to put into this course is INSANE- 30+ hrs on recent lab. The workload is too much and unrealistic; I spend most of my hours on this class and my other classes suffer. The entire class failed the first exam- grading is harsh.
5.0 : Don't miss the extra points he gives. Follow his notes and codes, and you should be fine.
5.0 : I enjoyed this cloud computing class so much. Rather than having theory concepts, I had the chance to work on hands-on assignments on cloud. Dr. Ajaj is funny, super nice and easy-going. Lectures are amazing. Assignments are straightforward as long as you follow instructions. Don't miss deadlines, Dr. Ajaj gives no exceptions. Good luck!
5.0 : Since you are reading this post, I can tell you one thing. 2107 is one of the hardest. Be ready to put time and efforts. Make sure are on top of game, attend class, read slides, do labs. Dont wait for the last minute. The material is cumulative.  Professor Ola did a great job on 2107.  His slides presentations and explanations are exceptional.
3.0 : He's a nice professor, but very harsh grader and his later labs for 2107 are too much. 10+ questions crammed into "one lab", each taking a good amount of time. Due to course being condensed, he only shows powerpoints, no live coding. Pretty much on your own for the labs, good luck contacting him because no office hours &amp; email response is slow
5.0 : I took 2107 before with another professor, I'm taking it with Ola. 2107 is pure CS and not a making an egg! You need to work your coding skills out. Ola was super awesome while teaching a tough class. He made class challenge enough so you enjoy programming. Fair grading and always throws extra credits for you to collect! I will take him for future!
5.0 : beside he teaches very well, he is always ready for help. I recommend him.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've taken at Temple. Got a D on my first attempt with some other teacher then took him the next semester and got a way better grade. Would take him again!
5.0 : Ola is my favorite professor so far! I like his way of teaching, he keeps everybody engaged in class. I enjoyed going to his class.
3.0 : Nice guy, strange class structure. Test 1 was  13 chapters of content with 120 slides / chapter, but Test 2 was only 3 chapters. Both are worth the same in your final grade. Labs were easy for the first half of the class, then ramped up to 10+ hours per lab. Quizzes were weekly - hit or miss. 10 pt curve on final, but no curve on overall grade.
5.0 : Amazing lecture and powerpoint slides. He really can teach Java and makes programming very simple and easy to understand. I did not have any previous programming experience and he makes programming easy! Definitely take him!
5.0 : If you want to become a professional programmer, Dr. Ajaj is your destination. Expect to do a lot of labs and take some real fair exmas, but all for your benefits. He is so caring and want students to succeed and do well in 3207. Dont miss class, and take notes as many as you can. You need that for quizzes and exams.
5.0 : Dr. Ola Ajaj is a beast! He is into teaching! and you learn a lot from him! He is easy-going in class and outside class :) I did enjoy every lectures! I'm going to use Cloud Computing ideas learned in this class for my capstone project next semester. You will do hands-on assignments, so no theory!!!!!!!
5.0 : If you catch an open spot in any of  his classes, take it! This guy is a treasure.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor. quizzes based on his notes, labs assignments are easy, midterms and final are fair.
5.0 : Dr. Ajaj will not teach you Java only, but also prepare you for the job market. I like his way of teaching.
5.0 : This class about cloud computing. Assignments and tests include hands-on. Ola is a very nice and easy going person. He knew his subject and you learned a lot from him.
5.0 : The hardest class ever! Be ready to spend your weekends on C and Assembly labs. This is frustrating on the beginning, but later on, you will see you've learned a lot and you're coding as a professional! Dr. Ajaj is an awesome professor, he makes big things look easy and understandable, he is reachable and respond to emails fast.
5.0 : Ola is super awesome. He is very easy in all aspects of the class. He is a must take!
5.0 : All what you are looking for in a great professor. The way Dr. Ajaj prepares his sildes is amazing. He is easy going and very nice.
5.0 : Very clear on what he teaches his student. Easy quizzes, fair exams and labs.
5.0 : if Temple could have more like him. I will not hesitate taking other courses with him. Super awesome.
5.0 : Ola did fantastic for Java 1. I hope he will teach Java 2 soon!
5.0 : I took this class over summer with Dr. Ajaj. Be ready to do a good number of labs, quizzes are straightforward, exams are fair. I am new to computer programming and I found Dr. Ajaj's approach of teaching exceptional! I got a B and I knew I could do better if I focus a little bit more.
4.0 : He is brilliant and handsome, his lectures are great, but the class structure is awful. He taught the first 2 chapters from mid Jan to late March, then midterm1. Midterm2 is at the end of April, then the final is early May. (2 weeks apart) Mind you, the course material is not particularly dense, but he wastes too much time on the earlier sections.
5.0 : I took Java 1 with Ola last summer. That was my first programming class ever, and he made it so smooth and easy to understand. He literally knows how to teach. Listen to me and take notes on his class, so when he says this is going to be on quiz or exam, then definitely it is going to be there. Good luck :)
5.0 : He is FANTASTIC! I had him for CIS1068 before. He explains material really good and slice into small pieces that you could digest. If you do homework and attend all recitations, then quizzes and exams should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Ajaj is my favorite professor at Temple University. He makes the lectures relatable and easy to understand. All of his power points are online so you can easily review and he has plenty of opportunities to improve your grade throughout the semester.
5.0 : What a treasure! I can't say enough about Dr. Ajaj. He is so patient while explaining math material and make sure all students are participating. Expect to do a lot of weekly homeworks, but this will help you on time of quizzes and exams.
5.0 : He is nice, helpful , and knows how to keep you interested in the subject
5.0 : Dr. Ajaj cares about you! Take him and you will not regret! iOS programming class was amazing beside having many hands-on assignments! He is nice inside and outside class.
5.0 : Temple is fortunate to have Dr. Ajaj. He's an excellent professor (Hats off!). He explains difficult math concepts with great clarity.  I encourage you to go to class, listen, and take notes. Don't depend on reading from textbook, not enough to understand material. Do the weekly work he assigns since it helps a lot in quizzes and exams.
5.0 : He explains the material clearly and relates them to things his students can relate to. He's more than willing to help if you don't understand something. His gradings are fair. Gives you homeworks, labs, and quizes that will help with the exams. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM. I wish he also teaches 2168.
4.0 : I enjoyed Ola's class and he was energetic, easy-going and caring. This is math class, so be ready to do a lot of homework, nevertheless, his fair exams and quizzes are based on those homework.
5.0 : Personally, I enjoyed Ola's class and he was energetic, easy-going and caring. This is math class, so be ready to do a lot of homework, nevertheless, his fair exams and quizzes are based on those homework.
5.0 : Ola knows how to teach! Literally all what you want to see in a professor.  Don't worry if this is your first programming class, the way he teaches Java makes it like a piece of cake. Make sure you put your mind into material and do your work on your own, you learn a lot! I took this class towards my minor in CS.
5.0 : Dr. Ajaj is the best. He explains the material really good. His clear slides and funny code examples are great. I like also how he always encourage students to participate in class, so your voice is heard ( You are not just a seat in class, you know what I mean !)
5.0 : I can't say enough how amazing Dr. Ajaj is. I enjoyed his class. There is a lot of programming activities in class but all towards your benefit. You will thank him more once you put your feet in 2168 and figure out how much prepared you are :)
5.0 : I LOVE THIS PROFESSOR I always recommend him to all my friends. He is a precious stone in Temple.
5.0 : Ola is an amazing Professor. I don't tell that his exams are superb easy. If you study, you will get very good grade. His lectures are amazing.  He explains very well... He will help you a lot.
5.0 : Ola makes the class easy to understand, whether you are great at Java or just a beginner.  Sometimes his directions for hw/labs are confusing but if you shoot him an email, he usually replies back quickly.  My advice?  Sit in the front of the room, ask questions frequently, and listen to him when he says "this will be on the quiz/test".
5.0 : Dr. Ajaj is the type of professors who enjoys teaching and wants you to succeed. He makes his lectures clear and understandable. Nice slide presentations with funny code examples. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
5.0 : He explains really well. He provides all the material required for the class through powerpoint slides so you don't have to waste your money in buying a textbook. He's the best professor one could ask for. If you don't get him, waitlist him. He'll make your semester much easier.
5.0 : I took 1068 in Spring 14.  I learned a lot from him. This is how professors should teach. Don't hesitate to take him :)
5.0 : Ola is one of those professors who knows his material well and enjoys teaching, and will go out of his way to make sure students learn the material. With no doubt, take him and you will not regret! I am all in for him!
5.0 : Build your schedule around this man.  If your new to programming, and you are willing to go to every class and do the weakly practices, you will learn programming in a way that is fun, stimulating, and painless.  He's gold mine. So many CS professors simply cannot make the material digestible. He's chill, funny, and... just take him.
1.0 : It was a boring class. He just opened the lecture slide and started to talk ... No logical, conceptual topic! nothing to learn about techniques of big data. In final exam, you need to memorize the slide. It does not look like a senior class subject. Avoid it
5.0 : This is my second class with Dr. Ajaj. I like his teaching style. He is a nice person and funny too. To get a high grade in this easy introductory course, attend class, listen to him when he says this is going to be on exams and take notes about that. Assignments are straightforward.
5.0 : All what you expect from a school professor! hands down!
5.0 : One of the best! The materiel is hard but he makes it easy to understand. Be ready to spend a good number per week of hours on labs! CIS2107 is not a joke! you gonna work hard til the last minute but you will learn a lot!
5.0 : Ola is nice and he knows how to teach cloud computing and big data. I like his assignments where we came up with solutions to real life scenarios. He is very organized during lectures. Grading assignments and exams is fair.
5.0 : He is a great professor. He is passionate about the course content and he knows how to keep you interested in the subject! I'm taking him again
5.0 : he is the BEST professor ever, whether you have a background in programming or not you can pass with an A easily. He explain everything so well, give enough examples and a really easy grader. if you did a mistake in a lab assignment and you submitted it early, you can fix the mistakes that he points out and resubmit it as many times as you want!
5.0 : Excellent
5.0 : Very knowdlegeable and very experienced, excellent proofessor.
5.0 : cool, nice guy.
5.0 : Really prepares you for the real world! He is a working man trying to help students by teaching night class. 3 hour class has continuous class involvement, including class participation and relating class to current events. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5.0 : one very knowledgeable and experienced professor. He relates the course materials to current global events during the class. Really trying to prepare the students for the real world.
5.0 : Adam Kessleman is a great professor.  Lots of real world experience and is very flexible.  Definitely wants all of his students to succeed. Would reccommend to anyone. Also,  a great lecturer.  Very funny and easy to listen to.
4.5 : Awesome professor, classes arent long, few short papers. If you are clear in your papers and dont make grammatical mistakes, good grades are easy to come by.
4.0 : Great Professor
5.0 : This Professor is one of the best out there. He expects you to do you work and as a result you will do well in the class. He is down to earth, approachable, and if you need help he will always assist you. This class offers some challenge but nothing that is too stressful. The best teacher for a BA course! HIGHLY RECOMMEND TAKING HIM!
5.0 : Professor Kesselman is a great teacher here at Temple University.  Not only does he teach the course material, but unlike most teachers he also teaches information that transcends into real life situations.  Highly recommended!
5.0 : Really cool guy, very laid back class, and real life lectures with stories of experience that actually attribute to your overall education, rather then a redundant regurgitation of slideshows.
5.0 : Really great professor. You need the textbook for a couple assignments, but other than that he does not even cover the textbook. He instead tries to bring in guest speakers, and talk about what is actually going on in the world. He feels these kinds of things are much more valuable than anything the text can teach.
4.5 : Great professor. Brings in exciting guest speakers!
5.0 : The professor made this class very fun and interesting. We had a few guest speakers as well whom I learned a lot from. If you're thinking of taking this class, I would defiantly recommend Professor Kesselman.
4.5 : By far the best professor I have taken at Temple. He explains things in a direct and clear way. He doesn't waste time and manages to teach you everything without dragging on. Guest speakers are a plus, very interesting and helpful. Has a lot of knowledge and connections.
4.0 : Professor Kesselman was a down to Earth professor who actually cared about his students learning the material but more importantly about how to network successfully and reach full potential in your job search. Class isnt bad at all if you show up and do the work. He is funny and makes class enjoyable. Take him for Business Apps.
4.0 : Great teacher, mad chill.
5.0 : Great real world experience.  Gives valuable feedback.  One of best professors at Temple.   Take his class.
4.0 : Good teacher, very laid back but you learn useful information that's relative to real life examples. Only 4 papers, very reasonable papers because of summer class.
5.0 : Good teacher
5.0 : Kesselman is a very cool guy and a quality instructor. He takes the time to go over current events that are actually effecting our lives as young adults. He covers the course material relatively well but the value in his teaching tactics and class is his current event discussions. It is also interesting to hear about his personal business ventures
3.5 : Very engaging, seems to know a lot about a lot of different things.  Very knowledgeable about the business world.  Teaching style is a bit unconventional, and he loves to assign group presentations.
5.0 : Professor Kessleman is a great teacher and makes this mandatory class enjoyable. He is very straight forward and  relates the content of the class to real life situations and current events. Easily the best college professor I have ever taken. I wish he taught more than one class. If you have the opportunity to have him as a professor, do it.
5.0 : Adam is an awesome teacher. He has a very different style than some but I loved it! Instead of lecturing you to death, week one he has everyone pull cards and pick days to present to the class. Therefore the students are actually the ones teaching and Adam is there to reinforce everything. He is very smart and cultured and Assists with networking.
5.0 : Best professor you could possibly have for Business Apps. Its a mandatory course for all majors in the business school, so you're doing yourself a huge disservice if you don't take him. Four papers which I received A+ on. Each took me a couple hours max. Capsim is 15% of your grade &amp; that's really the only part that is out of his control. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : one of the best professor at Temple University, I do not mind taking the class again.
4.0 : Great teacher!Lots of work but he keeps you intrested and you are going to learn something from him.
4.5 : Fantastic professor. Expect to work, but also expect a highly involved, enthusiastic and knowledgeable teacher. He's practical and consistently shares his insights into the real business world. Definitely worth the money for his course.
3.5 : He's a great professor. The ONLY negative thing I have to say about him is that he doesn't clearly communicate his expectations for assignments. But if you ask him, he's always willing to help. In this class with had three small papers, one longer paper, three presentations and the Capsim business simulation. There were no tests.
3.5 : Professor Kesselman is one of the best professors I have ever had at Temple. Current news articles &amp; guest speakers make the class interesting. His expectations for assignments are not always clear but he is willing to help. Take him for this course if you can!
3.0 : Great professor. Really goes out of his way to help students and make assignments fair. The only thing I would suggest is clarity for certain assignment expectations.
4.5 : Great professor. Easy to work with and get along with. Professor Kesselman holds very intriguing in-class discussions that I suggest all students should participate in order to understand the business environment. He also is very eager to help students when he can with contacts via LinkedIn and will be willing to offer himself as a reference.
4.0 : Adam is an awesome teacher! He's a very interesting guy as well, he's been all over the world and owns multiple businesses. Show up to class and do the work and you will do well.
3.5 : Good professor. Very personable . Enjoyed hearing his insights and point of view . Would highly recommend him for 3103
5.0 : The professor is very intelligent &amp; knowledgeable about the corporate world. He provides hands on experience for students to be ready. When they look for a job after graduation. He encourages the students to use LinkedIn as part of their professional network. The Capsim Team Project online can be a challenge in order to comply its applications.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable.
4.0 : Doesn't really go by the syllabus, he teaches what he thinks will be most useful for you in the real world. I had him for night class 5-8:30 and always out by at least 7. He expects you to act professional in your presentations (only like 1 presentation). HIGHLY recommended. I never dreaded class. Best BA 3103 class. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable professor. Makes you keep up with current events if you don't already. Very easy going when it comes to presentations. Focused on advancing students professional careers, preparing for the real world. Seems to have a lot of connections. Would definitely suggest him for integrative - also lets students out early to work on capsim
4.5 : Great professor! Probably one of the best I've ever had. I would definitely take him again if I could. He has pretty easy papers as long as you follow his requirements. He also has a few presentations which aren't bad and only take a few hours. Claas is important so make sure you go for attendance and participation. Probably one of the best,take em
3.0 : Professor is not a hard grader, however, The Capsim is confusing and for some reason is 35% of your grade.
4.0 : The students pretty much run every class with easy individual presentations. It is so relaxed, conversational, and nothing like the other Int Apps classes that have every single group present. He is smart and interesting. The only thing that is unfair is how he doesnt know/tell us how to do capsim and then we're expected to and it counts it for 35%
5.0 : Excellent professor and very much advocates for his student's success. Guaranteed to enjoy the class and his teaching style.
5.0 : One of they Best peofessors at Temple University.
5.0 : Just an overall sweet guy. Very invested in the development of his students, and genuinely wants to see you succeed and do well. Adam does a great job of making everything you learn RELEVANT. If you have the chance to take this class with him, do it!
5.0 : He is a great professor. Great leader, sales person and best to learn it from. He is very understanding and approach.
5.0 : Hot, easy, funny, and engaging!
5.0 : Adam Kesselaman is one of the best teachers that I have ever had the pleasure to have. He goes beyond the material that he teaches in class and takes the time out to guide his students in career advice which is very much needed for students today. I wish he taught most of my classes. His interactive way of teaching has helped me remember everything
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Temple! Take him and this class, I'm not that interested in selling but I've learned a lot. Usually I hate night classes but this one was great!
5.0 : He is soooooooo good! A very nice man! No homework just 4 quiz.
5.0 : Definitely my favorite Professor so far at Temple. He is a great professor and really motivates the class to reach their full potential.
5.0 : Great professor. He is easy to take but I am actually really happy i took him. He gives REAL LIFE ADVICE --which is invaluable.
5.0 : Great teacher, classes only mandatory when there are presenters.
5.0 : Professor Kesselman is an amazing professor who truly cares about his students and the best interest for the real world! He's funny, well-respected, and knows best about the business world and to expect in preparation for a career.
5.0 : Adam was one of my favorite professors at Temple. Worst part is up to 4 presentations and having to work on a Capsim team.
4.0 : He is a good looking man.  I will say that. He is also fair and reasonable
4.0 : He is a pretty good professor. He keeps the lecture interesting and to the point. There are a lot of papers, but if you follow directions on them, you'll get a good grade.
3.5 : Kessleman was a really great teacher. Although I didn't learn much actually inside the classroom, the outside of class taught me a lot about my professional writing. I had him for a night class and he let us out early most of the time.
4.5 : Sweet tan and a sweet man. Very easy going teacher. Would take again.
3.0 : Although this was a required class class, I thoroughly enjoyed attending . While not specific with his syllabus, the class is very straightforward. He brings real life examples to class and makes the lectures fun and engaging. Class usually lets out 7pm too which is a plus. Def would recommend!
4.5 : Professor Kesselman is very nice and helpful! He doesn't just lecture at his students, but has insightful discussions with the class. He brought in speakers from various industries. Made a boring class a lot of fun. Would definitely take him again!
4.0 : One of the better BA3101 professors. Short papers, but there were a lot
5.0 : Professor Kesselman took a class that could have been very difficult and very boring and turned it into a fun learning experience. He aims to make class more like a business meeting rather than a lecture and because of this it is discussion based and more intriguing. I took his night class and was completely interested the entire time.
4.5 : Really cool and chill guy, lots of examples that relate to real world, short and concise class and assignments Easy and relaxed yet u will learn plenty Take him
5.0 : This guy is awesome. So much easier to respect him relative to other Temple professors because of his business experience. Dislikes busy work and is much more boss-like versus teacher-like. Great professor. Keep it up.
5.0 : Helpful, outgoing professor who doesn't like to just bombard your brain with facts but gives practical learning by letting you take the driver's seat when doing your Capsim, giving your company presentation, creating solutions in your business cases, etc. He fosters lively class discussions and gives plenty of room for independent thinking.
4.5 : Tatyana were able to teach, cater to the class's needs and connect to the students better than other professors teaching the class
5.0 : Very good professor if u pay attention and understand basic java (arrays and oop) from 1068. Study over leture material to pass quizzes she is really easy if u never get behind in work.
5.0 : Tatyana is an awesome! At the time she was only a TA for my class but she was a big factor in saving my grade. She's extremely nice and her teaching style is directive. She wants nothing more for you to pass but you have to do your share of the work as well.
4.5 : Great professor - definitely take his class. He knows a lot about marketing and he's definitely not bad to look at.
5.0 : Marybeth is easily one of the best professors I've ever had! She's kind, fair, and will go out of her way to help you. She didn't give pop quizzes, gives you all possible exam questions before hand, and is willing to help you on your required essay. Just make sure to do class readings and you're set! I would easily take another class with her.
5.0 : She is a very helpful instructor and speaks very well. Her grading is not too traditional making it a sort of easy class.
5.0 : Marybeth is the best of the best!  She is helpful and an easy grader. her class is interesting and never boring. the papers are fair. there's a presentation, extra credit and two response papers. prior to her class, i had no interest in religion, but taking this class was the best decision i made. you won't regret taking this class.
4.5 : She really cares about her students and is really nice. She accepts all comments and she will give periodic quizzes(never pop quizzes). There are 2 1-page response papers to do on the readings and a longer critique paperproject. And a midterm and final. But it's pretty easy. P.S. Bowker book NOT mandatory
5.0 : She's very intelligent and articulate. Very nice and gives great feedback on assignments.  She's a PhD student and is understanding so her quizzes and tests are reasonable and she grades very fairly. Easy A.
5.0 : Marybeth is an absolute sweetheart. She's a PhD student but teaches better than many of the full-time professors I've had. She lays things out very clearly for you and sets you up for an A from the beginning. As long as you eventually read the material, take notes, and study for the midterm you're basically set. Take her!
5.0 : Abbe has been one of the extremely few professors at Temple that I felt comfortable speaking to. She is intelligent and funny and I enjoyed my class with her more than I expected. Don't fake your work. She knows what she's doing.
5.0 : I'm taking Prof. Depretis for Persuasion and she's awesome. The material can be a little dry sometimes (especially for any comm major - it's repetitive) but her lectures are super clear and helpful. If you go to class and take good notes, you don't really even need the book, her lectures are that good. Plus attn. is mandatory. Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Absolutely love her! She's really nice and tells funny stories to help us understand concepts and definitions. Her powerpoints are super helpful, but I would recommend reading the book as well. I got an A on every test because of it. Take her!
4.0 : Her class is a good mix of textbook reading and lectures. Just show up, pay attention and do the readings once in a while and you're good to go.
5.0 : I love her, I think she's great. She's very knowledgeable in her field. She's laid back and relatable . I find myself rooting for her. She's a pretty nice grader. She gave me an extension. I've met her for office hours. She cares about her students. She loves Pittsburgh. She's really smart. She has two dogs. She kind of reminds me of Rebel Wilson.
5.0 : Favorite! Dr. Depretis is hilarious and makes her lectures super interesting. I have taken two classes with her, and if I weren't graduating-- would take more! There is a fair amount of work, but nothing unmanageable and the assignments are interesting-- she also gives really helpful feedback. She's like a much less cynical Chelsea Handler!
5.0 : Abbe is just amazing. She is very relatable (as she teaches in narrative), an activist, and brilliant mind. "pulled herself up by the bootstraps" and Temple students know all about that. She is someone I would go to bar with, get coffee with, or protest with- and that is pretty awesome. Get ready to learn&amp;laugh your 9ams!
5.0 : Depretis is what a professor should be. She's hilarious &amp; does her best to make the rather dry material interesting. Make sure you take good notes &amp; read the book. While she's fun, she's not easy but she will do anything to help you understand the material. She even came to our study group late on a study day to help out. Definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Really enjoyed taking Speechwriting with Abbe. She really knows her material, and is a great professor. The book and speeches go hand in hand. Make sure you keep up with the work, there is something due every other week.
5.0 : Abbe is a great professor. She's very relatable and helpful when it comes to the material. You have to go to class and read the book if you want anything close to an A in this class. You really have to work for your grade. Study a few days before the exams and final and you'll be fine.
4.0 : Abbe is so cool and nice. But her exams are no joke. Honestly I rather have a mean professor with slightly easier exams.
5.0 : Great professor, interesting and funny. Very helpful and caring, all you need is to ask for help.  Attendance is a MUST if you want to succeed in this class.
5.0 : Wants you to pass. 35% of your grade is your attendance. Assignments are super easy and quick to do, but they're more helpful than you may think. Her presentations made it easy to not want to skip class (other than the class I took being offered at Ambler).  You put in effort and attend every single class, you should have no trouble getting an A.
4.5 : Clear as to expectations, grading, and her policies. She knows what she is talking about and is willing to help you understand. Fairly enjoyable class, even for me who is more interested in comparative history and not really European hist.
3.0 : Do not take her unless you are willing to spend more time on this than any other class you take. she assigns a ridiculous amount of readings every week. I spent more time in this class than I did in my calculus III course. It is a class you can get an A in, but you will work unnecessarily hard for it. Do not take her, you will regret it.
4.5 : Professor Ryan is a good teacher. Her presentations are easy to follow and are available online. There is a lot of reading though, and we had four 3-5 page essays, 2 exams, and weekly reading quizzes.
4.0 : Short-answer reading quizzes every Friday before lecture begins.  If you read, you will pass them.  Four papers throughout the semester (only 3-5 pages) with multiple topics to choose from or create your own topic.  Her TA was a tough grader but, knowledgeable.  I know a lot more about 20th Century Europe now.
4.5 : This was NOT an easy class. She gave us a quiz during the first 10 minutes of every class based on the readings for that day but drop the five lowest quiz grades at the end. She graded hard on the papers but allowed us to send before the deadline for feedback. Overall a good teacher, just a lot of work and she makes you work for that A.
4.5 : Knowledgable and passionate about the topic which was boring but she tried to make it interesting. Her class was def hard but itried to be helpful as much as she could be. We had 2 exams, 3 papers, &amp; apresentation so it was ALOT. Cool teacher, can be cranky if students are not doing what they need to do well, but overall a good professor.
3.0 : Theres a quiz every class on chapters in the textbook. It is a lot of reading every week in my opinion. Her lectures are not very helpful. You basically teach yourself. I couldn't even use my notes to fill out study guides because she just makes you get into groups every class and talk about certain topics. A is doable if you put the work in.
4.5 : This class was HARD. Attendance was not mandatory but missing class or being last meant missing the quiz we got every class. She gives a lot of work (quizzes, each class, three papers, midterm, presentation and final)and she doesn't just give out As. Overall a good teacher but be prepared to WORK!
4.0 : Dana was an excellent professor. She used a lot of examples in class to make topics from the textbook clearer and encouraged discussion about things if we didn't agree. She also gave feedback on papers before the deadline to help out. Study session for the final was really helpful. She tried her best to help if you were scared about your grade.
3.0 : I had mixed feelings about this course. Daily quizzes weren't helpful and just made us nervous for class. Sometimes confusing with assignments. Getting an A was doable but I had to put in so much effort for this class that I wonder if it was worth it. Dana was a good teacher but all the work just made me annoyed.
4.0 : Very understanding. We had a quiz once every week on the chapter due. Explains projects well, always available for extra help. kind of a tough grader but not the worst I've had
3.0 : Took her weekend class. Super easy. Got an A.
5.0 : This class is amazing!! 2 weekends per semester, the class never lasts the entire time, and the content is very easy to understand yet useful. I loved Amanda and wish I could take her again. A midterm paper and a final paper, both very easy to complete.
5.0 : Easiest 3 credits I've ever earned. She's super laid back. It was a 2 weekend class and we were there a total of 3 days and never past 2pm. Easy grader and easy assignments. 100% recommended.
5.0 : So glad I took this class. I was able to take 6 classes without being stressed out! Class was supposed to be a total of 2 weekends but she canceled the 2nd weekend which was awesome! She ended class early 2/3 days. Assignments were straightforward, just follow her directions. She tells you what'll be on the quizzes beforehand. Never used the book!
5.0 : Literally come and get an A. It's ridiculous how little work there is and how easy it is. A shame that she's teaching at the university level. However if you want the grade and not the knowledge, take her.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Tells you what slides to know for test. Class participation is mandatory but she makes class so interesting that you want to participate. Super nice and helpful....would recommend her to anyone!
5.0 : One of the best professors that I've come across at Temple. Her class is extremely laid back and she's a really cool person. Received an A without doing a single reading. Final grade was based off final exam (gives you answers in review session) and participation. It also helps that she's an absolute dime and makes the subject matter interesting.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable about research. Allows you to fix your errors for an increased grade by the end of the semester. Class is boring but its research so there's not much to do about that.
5.0 : Not the most exciting professor, but truly cares about her students' success.  Tries every possible method to ensure that every student finds "their way" to figure out the material. Attendance isn't mandatory, but extremely helpful. Weekly quizzes to keep you on track. Loved this teacher.
5.0 : Owens is an amazing teacher. You will have to study quite a bit for the tests, but its worth it. She is an amazing teacher and super clear. She gives fair warnings about what will and probably won't be on the tests and final. Very smart woman and passionate about math.
5.0 : Very nice and fair. Took her for a short Calc 2 summer session, she was awesome. Calc isnt my thing, but she made it doable.
3.0 : Very hard class but overall not a bad teacher, had Owens for precalculus before coming to my senses and changing my major to something I cared about. Lectures were long but not awful. She's very understanding and good at explaining questions.
4.5 : Great teacher, super helpful! will do anything to make sure you understand prompt. So helpful for adv. Would absolutely take her again!
4.5 : She's a tough grader but is always willing to help. She is a professional in her field so she shows much enthusiasm for her work. She tends to tear apart students writing a lot but it's super helpful in the long run. I'd definitely take her again! She's funny and is very easy just to talk to. Great class!
5.0 : _
5.0 : Prof. Lux is extremely knowledgeable and experienced in her field, which made me feel like I was learning useful things that I can use in the real world especially since she clarified that some terms/ideas are outdated. She's strict and tough on your work, but she really wants you to grow, and I think ultimately you're graded on your effort.
4.5 : I came into this class with no prior knowledge of Jewelry, and absolutely fell in love. Daniella is extremely nice, and wanted everyone to become jewelry majors. She is extremely willing to help you with anything you need, both in the class or by giving advice about the program itself. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : Extremely knowledgeable !  Makes his lectures exciting and is crystal clear with his expectations. Brings in super cool guest speakers that have real life experience. Go to class,work hard on your papers, pay attention to the twitter feed and you will receive a good grade.  Would gladly take him again, awesome professor he's the real deal.
5.0 : 4 Papers and 2 Tests. He's awesome. Take him and his other classes too. Won't be disappointed.
4.5 : Awesome!
5.0 : 5 papers and 1 small exam. Class is very informative and interesting. Videos almost every class. If you're a fan of All in the Family, take this class. If you need to fulfill your Special Topics requirement and don't want a hard time, then take this class.
4.0 : Probably one of the most personalable professors at Temple. Very knowledgeable about the coursework and relevant outside material. Super easy class. Show up, say something, turn in something and you can't go wrong.
5.0 : One of the greatest Professors I've had at Temple. The man is hilarious and really makes an effort to connect with his students. I looked forward to class just to hear what the guy had to say. He has a bunch of anecdotes and advice that will not only crack you up but also help you. I highly recommend Jim McKairnes
5.0 : Prof. Edwards is really interesting and she cares about her students.  I really learned a lot from her about writing.
5.0 : Really  cares
5.0 : Ez all the way
3.5 : She is helpful, and the class was easy. Her lectures are mainly based on her PPTs. A lot of movies to watch, 5 reflections on bb, 3 exams, 1 term paper, about 10 pop quiz. Overall a lot of easy work.
5.0 : She is a very nice person and easy to understand
4.0 : Interesting class, you'll learn a lot..but tough grader, huge workload and mandatory attendance.
5.0 : Professor Webber does a great job with a kinda boring subject.  He clearly loves teaching and economics in general.  The tests were not easy, but he gives a big curve.  I wish that class was a little more interactive, but that is probably hard to do in an intro econ class.  Great class!
4.0 : Professor Webber was the first Econ teacher I had that I actually understood. His lectures are a little dry but he gives great examples and is a genuinely nice person. If you aren't great at economics like me I would definitely take his class! Offers a lot of office hours and big curves on tests!
4.0 : The professor teaches Microecon principles clearly but I'd say his ability to convey the material in a way that is easily understandable for someone who isn't an economics major is lacking. However, if graphs make a topic easy to understand for you then this is your guy.  He is approachable and open to questions.
5.0 : D-Webb is the best economics teacher that Temple has to offer. He is very helpful and a genuine guy. He is willing to answer any question you have. Also, all the tests are given a huge curve. Not only do you learn something from this class, but the grading is lenient. Take this dude, he's the man.
4.5 : GO TO HIS CLASSES!! When few people go, he gives extra credit! Webber puts a decent curve on all of his tests which is really nice, but he does lecture and doesn't really make economics any less boring. he is really helpful though and is always willing to have longer office hours to help anyone out!
5.0 : Class lectures are slow and boring. Everything covered in class is online so if you want to skip class and learn from those, you can. I went to about half of the classes. Homework once a week. Lectures are somewhat boring, but the tests have huge curves so you shouldn't have a problem getting an A in this class. Didn't open the textbook once.
5.0 : Great guy all around. Understand why goods are produced at MR  MC and you're good to go. He assigns weekly online homework sets; don't worry, they aren't super tedious like in math class, mostly multiple choice. Parts of the lectures might be a bit difficult to understand if you don't have prior exposure to economics- just ask and he will explain.
5.0 : Dr. Webber is one of the most caring and knowledgable professors that I've had. Attendance is optional but his lectures are very informative so go to class and you'll do well. His exams are straight from the lectures and homework assignments and he gives a large curve. He is very open to questions. Fantastic professor.
4.0 : Dr. Webber does a good job of making sure that his students understand the concepts. His lectures can be confusing and difficult to understand at times but the exams are just like the homework. He also gave a generous curve at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Prof. Webber is probably the best teacher from Econ department. His lecture is amazing, very clear and very easy to understand. Everything in the exam is in the lecture and the homework. Pay attention in class, then you won't have to spend extra hours for the exams. He is very caring and willing to talk and explain anything he knows to students.
4.0 : Dr. Webber is a nice guy, offers a lot of office hours. Do not skip class because sometimes he gives extra credits for coming to class. Tests are tough and I don't think he prepares you well for the test but there's a huge curve. Do the homework problems and the study plan!
4.0 : Ariane is a very relaxed, kind,and realistic professor, I had a night class format, and we had a group project and a few papers, but mostly the class itself was where the learning was done. She loves discussion and I found the class to be helpful, from her perspective as a former teacher, in learning creative ways to teach. Would recommend!
5.0 : One of the BEST classes I ever had.  Made we want to switch majors.  Professor Hoey knew the material so well and presented it to us in a wonderful way.  I know more about different parts of the world than I ever did before.  Everyone should take his classes.  Probably the best teacher at Temple, in my opinion.  And he is soooo hot!!!
3.0 : This class is pretty laid back. Attendance is not mandatory, but during classes he provides questions that will be on the exam. He provides extra credit through out the semester, and study the online quiz and questions in class and you will be set. Pretty boring 8 am class.  2 Exams , Online quizes, Projects
4.5 : The slide decks are pretty much reiterating, word-for-word, what's in the textbook, which is unfortunate because I feel like the students benefited more from his self-lead lectures. Overall, I think he's a good, interesting professor. I would recommend him.
5.0 : Such a nice professor and very informative. Class is an easy A if you do the projects and follow his exact instructions, do the homework's, and study for the tests. The test questions come from his PowerPoint slide questions and the online homework.  Definitely recommend!
5.0 : His class is so easy.
5.0 : His class is very very very easy. The exam is directly from the quizzes and his lecture's questions. Straight A.
5.0 : He is very very very nice. The best thing is that two exams are very very very easy.
5.0 : Do not hesitate to take his class. You will get a straight A.
5.0 : I do not want to say too much. Just one word-Straight A
5.0 : His class is supper easy. A straight A.
5.0 : Two exams are so easy. A straight A
5.0 : There are three exams, and exams are supper easy. A straight A.
5.0 : No attendance, no quiz, only two exams. 50% exam questions are directly from his ppt, and exams are so easy.
5.0 : I do not want to say too many words. One word, easy A.
5.0 : The class was taught well and provided good examples. Highly recommended!
3.5 : Professor Hohne is extremely approachable and genuinely cares about helping students succeed. The course should put a bit more weight on the project over other tasks, but the department controls such decisions. The course itself needs a lot of improvement, but he does a great job. READ the instructions for each case assignment. He grades according.
5.0 : homework once a week as an intro to math, he is young and intimidated by students. we barely did any work and the labs were so easy as long as you followed him in class and use the lab helps on bb. awesome, easy and great class. i hate math and somehow got an A. hes a really good teacher and he will clarify anything. SUPER EASY ,TAKE THIS
4.5 : He's a nice guy who gives helpful feedback on assignments, explains everything very thoroughly during class, and provides instructions and examples on the homework. He sort of teaches to the lowest common denominator, which is good because he helps everyone understand, but bad because it can result in class being kind of tedious.
2.5 : He gives long reading assignments that are due every other week. Each assignment required you to read atleast 30 pages and answer 6 questions in depth. If you miss any detail you will get points off. His lectures are very very boring so BEWARE. He is a nice guy and he tries to provide an effective learning experience but I wish I dropped the course
5.0 : I had him for a gen ed but seriously I learned a lot from him and from the assignments he gave to us. He is a hard grader and he makes the students read a lot but his class gave me good knowledge about a lot of stuff in the world and he was always open to discussions.  I had him fir gen ed called development and globalization.
3.5 : Dephillips is a really young professor, it seems like he doesn't have much experience but everything is really easy. Everything is graded for completion except the practice problems, reading assignments, and tests. There is plenty of opportunity to make up points. Very open to helping you, and very nice.
4.5 : Assigns 1-2 page intro HW for each new unit (graded for completion), a few online reading assignments, and take home quizzes for each unit.  2 midterms and allows students to bring a one page note sheet. He is very understanding and willing to bump grades. Easy manageable work fair grader clear powerpoint lectures
4.0 : Travis is a gem. He is so attractive and it made it easier to come to class. No tests but several papers. He is a tough grader but if you do the papers early you will have no problem getting a good grade. Travis if you read this, thank you for being so hot.
4.0 : If you read the readings you will get an A. If you don't you will get a B. He is an amazing teacher with a lot of good insights into the issue at hand. Definitely would recommend to anyone, even non-international studies majors.
4.0 : Very test heavy- three tests and one group project debate are the only factors in your grade. That said, if you study sufficiently and put in effort, he doesn't grade too harshly.
4.0 : Smart, flexible, and laid back.
2.0 : Don't take Blemings if you want an easy A. He doesn't offer many point opportunities.
4.0 : The class is tough but he's always available to help when you ask.  The homework is difficult, but the exams are much, much easier.  If you go to class, he will take the time to help simplify the concepts until you understand.
5.0 : Mr. Blemings is a great professor. It was a pleasure to come to his class. Math is not my strong suit but I actually really liked it. He's always there for his students. He gives practice tests before the actual one so don't be lazy and do them. A homework a week, a final research paper :'(   lab day, and a few tests. Be organized and you'll be OK.
4.0 : Travis is a tough grader, but he's friendly and professional, and he makes himself available. If you take him for POL 1301 (International Politics), there is a LOT of reading - he assigned 53 pages on the first day of class! But it's manageable, and if you have decent attendance, the tests are fairly straightforward. Also he's very cute.. Take him!
5.0 : He really makes sure that you're understanding what's going on, if you don't it's your fault. One homework assignment a week and then labs on Fridays. He knows what he is doing and is not the stereotypical grad student teacher, he's awesome!
4.0 : Smart guy who knows what he's talking about. Nonetheless, he is a classic BSer. Knowing all the material isn't enough in his class. For example, on one exam I got a 100% on multiple choice but 80% on essay questions. Just write a lot and and you'll be fine. He's pretty funny and animated, also he's a comic book nerd if you care. Reading's optional.
5.0 : FANTASTIC professor: teaches well, smart, funny, caring. He wants everyone to do well. He assigns a lot of reading, and the course was a little too exam-heavy for my liking (Our grades came from 3 exams and 1 GROUP PROJECT--ugh), but the exams are easy if you pay attention in class. Oh, and he is HOT. Like distractingly so! Take him if you can!
5.0 : he is so helpful and hilarious, you wont get bored in his class I guarantee.
5.0 : The best BIO 1111 lab instructor ever!  He is extremely helpful in all areas of the course including the skill building sessions.  He has a real passion for biology and teaching which the other professors seem to lack.  Hopefully Temple will keep him around so that other students can benefit from his enthusiasm.  Get in his lab if you can.
3.0 : Much more approachable than the lecturer but he himself is quite knowledgable just very arrogant
5.0 : VanKuren definitely knows and loves biology. Read the lab manual, come to class, and listen carefully to what he says and you're guaranteed an A. He drops hints and will even help eliminate question choices on his in class quizzes. He makes class fun and amusing. If only he taught the rest the horrid bio program here, I'd probably be doing better!
5.0 : He's awesome. The course itself is unnecessarily difficult and complicated but he just made everything clear in both labs and SB sessions. Probably one of the best teachers in bio department who has the real passion for the subject.
5.0 : Literally saved my bio grade. Wasn't even my lecturer, just my lab instructor. Actually cares about students, is really funny, abs and put so much effort into helping students in general even if you were in a different section
5.0 : He is a amazing teacher and is hilarious. Learning in his class is fun and the only way you won't pass is if you don't show up.
5.0 : I felt like I learned more in lab than in lecture.  He knows the material and he's always willing to help students.  He prepares you best for lab exams
2.5 : No doubt the guy loves bio and knows a lot, however he is very cocky about it. He'll explain things, but in such a way that any other thought or idea is dumb. He refuses to accept that a test question was confusing or just flat out did not make any sense. Also tends to ignore emails so that's really annoying too. Bad attitude, would not recommend.
5.0 : Had for persuasive writing. More than willing to help you out as long as you don't take advantage. Really cares and wants you to do well. Wish she taught other courses-I'd happily take her again.
5.0 : Creech is great. He responds to emails within minutes and is always willing to help you with assignments. Not a tough grader in the slightest. There are 3 papers and 2 tests in the class. You can tell he cares about his students and wants everyone to succeed.
5.0 : He knows his stuff and will expand your mind. Class was so interesting I never cared about the grade (which was good).
5.0 : This is multimedia, so it's supposed to be super hard. But he breaks down the work in manageable chunks so that you can tell when you are getting better at the skills expected of you.
5.0 : Helpful and nice professor
5.0 : He's a great teacher. He truly wants to help prepare his students to work in the real world and how to excel in it. He's an awesome brand strategist who works at an agency in the city and brings in co-workers to speak with us. Highly recommend him for your capstone if you want to learn to be a better account manager, communicator and presenter.
4.5 : Very nice guy with some great connections in Philly. He teaches you a lot of life lessons that you wouldn't normally learn in the classroom. However, his semester-long project was constrained and didn't exactly reflect what was taught. Grant it this was his first semester teaching. Otherwise, he is great and I'd recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : You can't go wrong with this guy. He is loved and respected by everyone because he gives his all to his class and cares a lot for his students to understand.  Simple the best.
5.0 : i had professor elicker for a winter course and it was kind of difficult because we had to do so much in so little time, but he had great lectures and really helped you to understand the readings
5.0 : Professor Elicker gives some of the most interesting lectures I've ever heard and he makes sure to explain ideas clearly by giving relatable  examples. That being said, he is very tough with attendance and will take points off for unexcused absences.
4.5 : He was very funny and insightful. I would recommend taking this course.
4.5 : Such a great guy. Tough classes but he really cares.
4.5 : Daily Quizzes which are good grade boosters and knowledge checks. Requires a lot of reading to keep pace which gets tedious. Tests fairly easy and homework more or less optional. Nice guy, sometimes brings donuts, etc.
5.0 : She's hilarious and keeps class interesting.  Midterm, final, and three papers.  I'd take her again.  I wouldn't buy the textbook for class again though.
5.0 : She is by far one of the best professors on Temple's campus. She gives a couple one page papers and a midterm and final. There is absolutely no excuse to get anything lower than a B+ in any of her classes. I took her twice and got an A in both classes. She is great.
5.0 : Best professor ever.  I wish i could take her over and over again. She's the reason I decided to change my major to criminal justice. All of her stories are so great and you can tell she loves her job even when she jokes that she hates it. Always lets us out early and only one exam. Easy final paper so we don't have to attend an exam day.
5.0 : The guy is genuinely there to help this students and is easily the most helpful, easygoing, and knowledgeable professor I have encountered.  Attendance not mandatory. Easy A with minimal studying.  Online quizzes (easy easy!) and no homework. I personally never bought the readings. You will be using an online resource for cheap.  Take the class!
4.0 : Professor was very nice and very informed, but just take the class online. Attendance wasn't mandatory. He would say a term then say its definition for two and a half hours. Also said "cuz why?" every 2 minutes.
5.0 : Dr. Lo is great! Seriously cares about his students and them knowing the material. Attendance isn't mandatory, but he is funny and it's good to go review. You can manage taking this class without showing up to class, however he's a good guy so I would go. Requires studying once a day and final is cumulative chp1-18 but manageable. Highly Recommend
5.0 : Professor Schutzman was one of the best professors during my time at Temple University.  He showed passion and was knowledgeable about the music business. It was difficult at times because it was an online course. Amazing  Guest speakers from Apple, Spotify, Sony Music and others in the industry.
4.0 : He is by far the best professor I have ever had at temple. You need to read a lot and study in advance for tests but, if you put in the work, you will do well.
5.0 : This Business Law class is one of the toughest general business courses that I have taken. I'm an accounting major, which involves a decent amount of legal understanding, and this class was still extremely challenging. However, Dr. Fandl is a fair grader and will help you if you need it. He also curves the final grade, which helps a alot.
3.5 : Although Mr. Fandl is a tough professor, he actually inspired me to change my major over to Legal Studies. His class lectures are all concise, but his exams are extremely difficult. The midterm average was a 58%, and he was okay with that. Something's wrong. He will give your final overall grade a half-letter bump if you participate regularly.
5.0 : One of the most professional teachers at fox and can make a long class feel short.
4.5 : Loved this class and the professor. I was initially not interested in this class but i am now actually thinking of changing my major because of him. He makes the class so interactive and interesting! I am always excited for the next class. Do take him. very easy assignments and he would probably be one of the best professors that you have!
4.5 : He is a very nice professor. Makes class sessions interesting and has class recordings on blackboard  which helps in preparing for the exams. I recommend taking his class over other professors.
5.0 : I took Professor Fandl for Public Policy solely to stay full time as a Chemistry student so I was a bit apprehensive about anything in the Fox world. This section was an accelerated online course, grades consisted of group papers (1-3 pages) due every week, participation in webex and discussion board, and a final paper (10-15 pg). Glad I took it!
5.0 : Fantastic teacher with graded work percentages being spread out fairly. Enthusiastically recommend.
5.0 : Amazing Teacher, you have to do your work but you will learn a lot! I always looked forward to his lectures, I was never bored. Theres an in class mid term (that is tough but gives extra credit opportunities) and an online final.
4.0 : Makes class very exciting. Online pop quizzes, easy written assignments, very difficult midterm. Class required a lot of studying early on. Class gets easier as it progresses, but be ready to read a lot. Class requires a ton of reading and studying. Highly recommend him, but this was not an easy class. Very few As if any.
5.0 : Best teacher I have had so far. It was a hard class because the test average was apparently 50% but if you must take him it's not bad. He is great in every other category
4.0 : this teacher is really amazing. The test are tough just because the material is very dense and huge. However, the final grade is curve and he gives extra credit. His lectures are interesting sometimes the subject is just boring. It is also interactive which is good and the lectures are recorded which is very helpful. I really commend taking him!
5.0 : One of the Best teachers I have ever had, 10/10
5.0 : Easy class, funny guy.
5.0 : Professor Gardener is the best! He is very lenient in grading and will go out of his way to help you.    This class is all computer based in class. You may have some difficulty at first if you're not too computer savvy, but Professor Gardener will help you through it.  Definitely recommend him.
5.0 : He's great. Definitely take him for GIS. I had him for fundamentals and while a difficult topic, he conveyed everything really well.
3.5 : I just took the final and I'm still unsure of what this class was about. Sometimes it was interesting because Gardener uses a lot of pop culture and current events in his class. He's a goofy guy and his life seems pretty chill but again, I have no idea what his class was about. He was nice and the class was an easy A.
3.0 : Easiest class I have ever taken. Studied for probably 5 minutes for the midterm and final and got over a 95 on both. Labs are super easy and the TA is always willing to help.
4.0 : he gives you an opportunity to improve your first test. The other two, he makes available office hours for tutoring or help on future tests. he really wants to see you succeed. most of your grade is based on labs which are easy if you follow the instructions that he has for you already. sometimes gives in class assignments at the end of class
4.0 : I initially did not love Dr. Gardener, but he grew on me as the semester progressed. He tries his best to make lectures interesting and relevant, but uses too many sports analogies sometimes. Overall very aware of the needs and wants of his students, as many hate math.  Makes class as easy and fair as possible. Good professor.
4.0 : Gardener is extremely approachable. If you ever have any difficulties with the material he's more than willing to help you succeed.
5.0 : Professor Gardener is such a nice person and he's willing to do anything to help students succeed, even outside of his class. He's also super fun and his class is the easiest A I've ever gotten.
4.0 : Quirky but nice guy, would definitely recommend him for a gen ed. No work outside the class and the labs are pretty straight forward and easy if you are interested in mapping even a little
5.0 : Super chill dude, likes to help you out and knows a lot of GIS and that sorta stuff
5.0 : If you hate math, this is the class to take. He is an amazing professor, absolutely lively. His review matches the Exam, so if you study, should be an easy A. He keeps you engaged in his class, never will you see someone so happy about a map. The class was truly amazing. I'd take it again if I needed.
4.0 : Funny prof. Show up and it's an easy A. Good course for people who hate math.
4.5 : Easy, easy, easy class.  The lectures are rather dry and he reads off of the powerpoint, but since participation is not mandatory you can essentially learn the information on your own just as easily.  Greg will help if you have any issues with the material.
5.0 : Extremely easy. 1 Website, 4 quizzes, 1 final exam, debate, and a few labs.  He is very lenient and laid back. Ask for clarity and he will do his best. Easiest class I have ever taken at TU.
4.0 : thought it was corny at first. But pretty chill. easy grader.
4.5 : I really liked this class.  She is a wonderful teacher and very enthusiastic.  Will give you plenty of time to do the few assignments and gives time extensions if needed.  I would totally take her again
5.0 : Took as a summer session class. Clear directions on what is expected in class. Go to class everyday and you will get an A.
4.5 : Great teacher, class is an easy A, and she's not bad to look at either ;)
2.5 : A very likable person but not a very good professor. He wants students to focus on understanding concepts but often doesn't explain them very well. He also tends to confuse himself and freeze in the middle of lecture once in a while. All of his lectures come straight from the book, so reading is a must if you want to do well!
5.0 : If you are a Biochem major, Dr. Voelz is probably one of the best professors you could take for filling in the required P. Chem course by taking the alternative P. Chem of Biomolecules (CHEM3405). His exams can be tough but if you attend lectures and listen to what he wants you to focus on, you will be in good shape. I highly recommend taking him.
4.5 : Good teacher. Nice guy. Allowed us to have chat sheets on all tests which I thought was awesome.  Tests were challenging but never too hard.  Compared to the other chem professors at temple ( majority of which are horrendous) he is awesome. If you need to take pchem and he's teaching it,  take it.
5.0 : Loved this class! The tests were easy, and she drops the lowest score out of four exams. There is one paper, and it is a little challenging so start on it early. Overall, I learned a lot of info in the class and would definitely recommend taking her
5.0 : Dr. Shapiro is really sweet and really knowledgeable. She gives really good advice and wants her students to have a good understanding of why understanding how psychology is a science is important. I liked that she  addresses students interested in both clinical careers and research careers in her class, too. Not many people do that.
5.0 : I failed cognitive neuroscience and decided to give cognitive psych a shot. I absolutely LOVE her! 5 exams and the lowest one is dropped, online labs and quizzes, extra credit opportunities, provides study guides, and etc. Attendance is mandatory to track attendence to see if students are failing because of that. TAKE HER!
2.0 : She is okay. I wouldn't take her again though. Her lectures were always the same and just way too boring especially with the "soft tone voice". I felt like she could included other graded things for this class. There are only 5 exams but drops the lowest and 7 online easy labs. I felt like it was just a waste of time.
4.0 : Takes attendance, but only checks when you're failing to see if you've been showing up. This class is easy to pass but has lots of tedious busy work. Nothing is really hard or challenging, but it is writing intensive. Tests are very easy. Class is so boring w a lot of group workconversations. And she talks in a kindergarten teacher voice.
5.0 : she's extremely smart. really good at breaking down concepts.  posts powerpoints on blackboard, which makes life a lot easier. tests are fair. class isnt gonna be the most exciting hour of your life, but you won't be bored if you have a love for psych. very approachable and nice. ive taken two of her classes, hoping for a third!
5.0 : Only take a course with this professor if you are ready to learn. The pace is fast, the syllabus ambitious. Expect a challenge and prepare to work hard. The atmosphere is intense and firmly structured, but positive and supportive as well. You will certainly get your money's worth.
5.0 : Take this class if you're into journalism and technology.
4.0 : I'm kind of conflicted about Dr. Oh. On one hand he's a really funny, nice guy guy who's hard to not like. As a person I like him, as a teacher I think he needs a small amount of improvement. Nearly every class was him lecturing from powerpoints. He knows the material but needs to use some instructional variety.
3.5 : Dr. Oh is a pretty good teacher. He cares a little too much about the class thou. I had him for a night class and he wouldn't let us out early because he didn't want to waste our tuition money lol. He's a fun guy, but he teaches a boring class (HRM). Most of the class is common sense, just look over the slides before the exam and you'll do fine.
3.5 : He tries to make everyone participate, but he is a good teacher you should take him
5.0 : He respected all students, encouraged participation in every class,  and enjoyed teaching the course materials.
4.0 : He is a very caring, respected, funny guy who tries to make the boring subject into sth much more fun and motivating. Plus, it is not too hard to get an A if you study for the tests and do the extra credit.
3.0 : Dr. Oh spends a lot of time on certain subjects in lecture and speeds past important notes for the exams. He puts all slideshows up on blackboard, so study that instead of the book and you'll be good. Don't worry about reading the chapters in-depth for the reading quizzes, they only make up a tiny proportion of your grade. PARTICIPATE easy points.
5.0 : Dr. Oh is a great teacher. He requires you to read the textbook and gives reading check quizzes but don't worry, they are easy and announced ahead of time. He stresses participation and gets everybody in class involved. Exams are incredibly fair and he is always open to students asking questions. I would definitely take another class with him!
4.0 : Dr. Oh is very funny and has an awesome personality. His class is not easy but if you read and study you shouldnt have a problem getting an A.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I've had at Temple. Very energetic, funny, and helpful. He clearly enjoys what he is teaching.
5.0 : He is a very nice and caring teacher. He tried to make each class interesting and enjoyable.
5.0 : Rachel is a great professor and is really interested in the students learning.  She knows her stuff and all of the homework assignments and in class lab sessions were directly tied to what we were learning and were helpful.  She was warm and engaging and made herself available for questions and was responsive to email.  Take her if you can.
4.5 : She is a very passionate teacher! Although her tests are hared, she allowed a 10 outline to be used while taking it. Be sure to review the chapters before class, she really loves participation and will call on someone if no one raises their hand.
4.0 : Eisenstadt was a great law professor because of her experience in the field. The lectures could get repetitive but she included real world examples in everything and was a very fair grader. There were 2 opportunities for major extra credit if you do it. She valued participation and was there if you needed help.
4.0 : Four journal entries (3-5 pgs), two response papers, a final journal report, and a final paper. A lot of writing but no quizzes or exams, which can be annoying since she is a tough grader. She is very knowledgeable in the law and is always eager to share this information with her students. A really kind lady and I would definitely take her again.
1.5 : Mosy horrible teacher for legal study, she is a liar. promised curve was never been really give to class. god damn hard exams. I am a junior and this is the first class failed.Never answer questions in time through email. When she knew many of us didn't done well for exam she laughed at us.
1.5 : She is very tough grader. She loves law and think everyone in the class is gonna go to law school. She expect us to discuss about a case as if we were the court.
5.0 : er lectures are always interesting you just have to put in the work and come to class, read the chapters, and pay attention to the powerpoint slides. After taking this class this semester I'm considering law. One midterm, one final (non-cumulative), a few 5 question chapter quizzes and a few homeworks. She's great, take her and you'll learn a lot!
4.0 : Are you going to pass her class without working no But she runs a laid back classroom environment, earns and shows respect toward and from students and wants to hear ur opinion about the subject. I looked forward to the class every Tuesday and Thursday
4.5 : She is very passionate about the law which makes her class better. She explains the law very clearly and is willing to answer any questions that we have. I would definitely recommend  her.
5.0 : The test are tough, and the writing assignment is graded toughly. Quiz and writing assignment takes turn to appear. But after all,  Dr. Eisenstadt is a great professor. She gives amazing lectures with very clear explanation. Keep working hard for exams and assignment and you will get the result.
5.0 : After each chapter there will be either quiz or writing assignment. There will be total 2 tests in a semester. The tests are tough, but the quizzes are not.  Leora Eisenstadt is tough grader for writing assignment. But she is a great professor who will explain everything very clearly. Pay attention in class and work hard, you can kill the tests.
5.0 : Professor Eisenstadt is a tough grader. She has high expectation because she is from Yale and NYU. Her lectures are interesting and she is always ready to help you. I learn a tons about business law from this class. If you really want to learn, take her and you will never regret.
5.0 : Her lecture is great. I learn a lot from this class. Also, she is a tough grader and the tests are hard (you can bring outline in midterm exam). There are many written assignments, which are graded strictly. The quizzes are easy and help you prepare for the big tests. She is willing to answer any questions you may have. She is very friendly.
5.0 : Thompson is super nice, very understanding. His class is easy-- a few exams (multiple choice and a few short answer), new shoes simulation, participation, some online quizzes, and some surveys required by the university. Honestly very light and easy class, just read the chapters before the exam and you're good if you know the terms.
5.0 : I had professor Thompson for a night class so attendance was necessary for part of your participation grade. There is a group project but its required no matter who you take. He's really nice; reopened a quiz that was past due and let me take it because I forgot. Gave me full credit. Just get e-book that comes with quiz software
4.0 : Great professor, super nice and willing to help students. Group project is in every marketing class, so no avoiding that. His lectures are kinda interesting and he tries to involve students by asking questios. Test are similar to quizzes but you should study. Would take him again!
2.0 : The course is easy, but the professor made it hard. You can work on you own.
5.0 : He is very nice and helpful. There are three exams. All of exams are similar to quizzes. The more times you do the quiz, the higher grade you will get.
5.0 : Professor Thompson is awesome! He loves his job and it really shows through his teaching! 3 tests and one make up exam if you miss an exam. you have weekly homework online which is super easy. One group project.
5.0 : Thompson is by far one of my favorite teachers at Temple.  His lectures are lively and interactive.  He also takes the time to learn each student by name.  Exams are very similar to online quizzes.
4.0 : Professor Thompson is super passionate about teaching even at 8am every other day. 3 exams, homework is online (quizzes) so you will have to purchase the online text. one group project. show up to class because he does interactive activities and you have to hand it in for attendance/participation credit. Simple enough.
4.0 : Professor Thompson is nice guy, but class can be difficult if you don't study in advance or if you skip too often. 3 exams, a makeup final if needed. Online Quizzes every week. One group project. Show up to class and study ahead of time and you will pass. Other than that, it was pretty easy despite the exams, they are tough. There's a lot to study.
3.0 : The class should be easy, however he is a tough grader. Our class had to do much more work compared to the other marketing classes and he takes off points for the smallest things. The tests aren't too bad if you read the book but it is a lot of reading and there are short answer questions when the other classes just have multiple choice.
3.0 : Thought his classes were boring. They consist of him reading off of the slides and showing a few ads here and there. The three exams aren't too hard if you study for them a few days in advance. Doesn't care much for his students. Doesn't give much help. Take another professor if you can find a decent one for marketing.
5.0 : Prof. Travaglio was great! Helped me when I needed it. She's so sweet and has a great sense of humor! She's Argentinian so her accent can make it difficult to understand her Spanish if you've been taught by North American Spanish speakers previously. However, you do get use to her accent. Overall, I'd recommend her to anyone.
5.0 : This is a Writing Intensive class. My writing and my approach to writing improved 100%. She goes over the material until you get  it and I loved when she explained our "Spanglish" use of terms: English speakers getting confused about cognates and other terms. She would even explain things about the English language that we didnt know. Take it!
5.0 : I had Professor Travaglio in Spanish laboratory. I can honestly say she is a terrific teacher and I have learnt more with her in one hour than all the other 3 hours a week. She knows a lot about Spanish AND English, which is great. I enjoyed her class and totally recommend it.
5.0 : Professor Travaglio was my best experience at Temple. This was a writing class, we wrote A LOT and my skills improved 100%. She is funny, understanding and very helpful. Just be ready to work and make the effort. I totally recommend her.
3.5 : Travaglio is one of the best professors I've ever had at Temple. She goes through the material thoroughly, and will try to help as much as possible. If you give a genuine effort on homework and tests, she doesn't grade too terribly, more often than not she'll go over the info after the tests. Definitely take her if you're unsure about the language.
5.0 : Dr. Horvat is a great, great professor. Class is discussion based, but the discussion actually has purpose and direction. She chose a great textbook and really listened to and acted upon our feedback. She also gives very helpful feedback when she grades your work and genuinely wants you to learn and grown in her course. Definitely take her!
2.0 : I don't recommend his classes for international students.
4.0 : He's a great teacher, lectures can get a bit boring though. He takes attendance every class by asking questions throughout the class you need to answer and turn in. His tests are just about the terms on his slide, so they aren't that bad. There is a group project and a few other projects.
5.0 : incorporates commercials and real life applications in to the lectures. Always asks for student opinions on marketing subjects. Tests are easy as long as you pay attention in class and maybe skim through the textbook before online quizes.
4.0 : Show up and be sure to study the slides for days before the tests. Do the studies early for the extra credit. Put in some effort into the new shoes and the presentation and you'll be golden. Quizzes are based on the book but don't buy the physical book
5.0 : He is very nice. You will learned a lot of things from him. Exams are just based on lectures and textbook, so exams are easy. Just put some efforts, you will get an A.
5.0 : He is very nice and helpful. There are three exams. Exams are not hard. I think his exams are very easy.
5.0 : He is very nice. There are three tests. All tests are easy, so you will get A.
5.0 : He is so good. Three exams are so easy. One word, Straight A.
5.0 : He is supper nice. there are only three exams, exams are supper easy. A straight A
4.0 : Exams are worded poorly. Most of my mistakes were due to poor wording of the exams. The professor did not even try to understand my point of view.
5.0 : He is supper nice. He is good at teaching you how to acquire knowledge. There are three exams. Exams are easy, just some basic questions he mentioned in class.
5.0 : He is funny. You will watch some ads in class and discuss them. He will pick up some important concepts as exam questions. Exams are not hard?just memorize and understand concepts. Easy A
5.0 : I strongly recommend you to take his class. All exam questions are based on quizzes and  ppt?so exams are easy.
5.0 : Supper good. Strongly recommend you to take your class
5.0 : He is very nice. If you are international students, you use dictionary on the exam. For exam questions, he uses the words as easy as possible because there are some international students in his class, so he needs to consider them. Exams are not hard. He will pick up some questions from department chair.
5.0 : Marketing is a boring class, but James make it a lot interesting. Just memorize the ppt, you will get a higher grade. Last semester, the average score is about B+, and most of students get A-.
5.0 : Supper nice professor. No homework?no final exam?just one presentation. There are three exams. The more times you review the ppt?the higher grade you will get.
5.0 : He is a great guy. Really nice. Cares about students. Amazing lectures. Not much work. Show up to class and participate. Test are easy. Recommend to everyone.
5.0 : Last semester, I took his class and got a higher grade.  He is pretty good. Marketing is boring, but he tried to make the class interesting.  Strongly recommend him.
5.0 : Such a nice guy, and taught his course very well. Even if you're in a large lecture, show up every day; he gives attendance quizzes each class. Grade comes from three exams (plus an optional final to replace your lowest one), a handful of easy online MyMarketingLab quizzes (70 or better  full credit). My favorite business professor, by a mile.
4.0 : He's a good teacher, really interesting guy, 3 exams for the entire course.
5.0 : Marketing is a boring class, but he tried to make the class more interesting. His exams are not hard, just review the ppt.
5.0 : He is very awesome. He knows how to teach you marketing knowledge very well. There are only three easy exams, and all questions are directly from power points. Just make a normal effort, you will get very high grade.
5.0 : He is very nice. Good professor, good class. Exams are easy if you memorize the power points.
4.5 : Prof is a biblical beast. Had a fun time at the several junctures i was in the class. He is a HUGE browns fan so go Cleveland!Use it to your advantage for easy points. Overall, i rate 5 gungas out of 5.
5.0 : I had never taken a Stat class before I took this, and I'm so glad that Melinda was my professor!! She's incredibly helpful, caring, and wants you to succeed. Keep in mind that she is no pushover, and you have to work for a good grade. Go to lecture and pay attention to her power points, do homework EARLY, and don't be afraid to ask for help!
5.0 : Dr. Mattingly is a great teacher. She is very nice and loves to chat and laugh with her students.  Her lectures are clear and concise. The homework can be long and tedious and the wording on tests can be tricky, but she really tries t to help students understand what she is teaching. I will definitely be taking her next semester.
5.0 : Love love love Prof Mattingly!  Took her for stats and she is always willing to offer help at her office hours.  Taking her again for social psych.  Favorite teacher at Temple thus far.  You can tell she genuinely cares about her students
4.0 : HOMEWORK/LABS ARE CRUCIAL TO YOUR GRADE!! If you miss even a few your grade will drop significantly and it's graded for accuracy. Other than that the class is not that hard! She's great at explaining the material and each exam has a take home "math" portion, that you have a week to do. Just go to tutoring for your homework and you'll be fine.
4.5 : One of my favorite professors. She genuinely cares about individual students' success. She doesn't care if you go to class, but I always want to anyway because she's so easy to listen to and she explains things in the way that makes it most comprehensible. TAKE HER SHE'S BOMB
4.5 : One of my favorite professors. She genuinely cares about individual students' success. She doesnt care if you go to class, but I always want to anyway because she's so easy to listen to and she explains things in the way that makes it most comprehensible. TAKE HER SHE'S BOMB
5.0 : She's one of the best professors out there! She's always willing to help you out, and responds to emails pretty fast. She doesn't take attendance, but it does help to go to class because you'll understand the material better. You can tell she's very passionate in her job. You get 2 exams and then a final which is just like another exam.
3.0 : She is an average teacher, doesn't really help much if you miss an exam. Homework is easy as long as you pay attention in class. Class is small, and recitation is also an easy A. If you already took Quantitative Literacy, then the first few weeks will be review. She teaches it differently though, but you will understand.
4.5 : She is extremely helpful and willing to assist students and answer questions as well as she can but coming from a statistics background, I found this to be challenging. Very nice woman &amp; 3 exams worth 15% of your grade each. Go to lab and do your homework, it's 40% of your grade.
5.0 : She's one of the best professors I've ever had!! Her lectures are super easy to understand and she's really helpful and willing in answering questions. I only used my notes from lecture to study and got over a hundred on one of my exams-- tests are easy and the only grades are three exams and she drops the lowest. Best professor ever!!
4.5 : I took Dr. Mattingly for both Social Psych and Stats this semester and she's fantastic! She's so sweet and funny and gets to know her students by name. She's also organized and always has great answers to people's questions during lecture. Stats homework is helpful &amp; exams aren't too bad in either class. She drops your lowest exam grade for Social!
4.0 : Makes her own power-points. Drops lowest exam. Nice Lady. Exams aren't easy at all but she gives example questions on BB. No EC. No Papers/Assignments. Only curve is if a lot of people get same questions wrong. No study-guide -- focus on PP slides and get as much information as you can on every slide from the book.
5.0 : Melinda is one of my favorite professors. She is so nice and funny, and explains everything really well in lecture. She makes class interesting and always shares cool stories. Just show up (on time) and write down what she says. You can study for the exams just with the notes given and do really well. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : I had her for social psych, and i highly recommend. She clearly explains everything so that you're prepared for the tests. Her notes are clear and specific for what's on the test. At the end of the semester, she adds 1% onto your final grade. She drops your lowest test. She is super nice, relatable and makes class interesting. She is very  smart.
3.0 : professor Mattingly is a really good professor. the class is tough and the lectures are kind of long but theyre clear and concise. the study sessions are optional but VERY helpful.  she drops the lowest exam but the grade is based SOLELY on tests. no homework. no papers. i loved her she was very helpful and clear. great attitude and passionate.
5.0 : 10/10 Would take her again.  Just go to class and learn. Book is not needed for concepts because her powerpoint notes are really thorough (as are her in class notes). Book is just needed for problems.  Be ready for a concept heavy test. Her take home exams are all calculation based and easy. Do not procrastinate on homework. Stats Q's are long.
5.0 : Dr. Mattingly is the best! She makes class super interesting and always does her best to answer any questions. Attendance technically isn't mandatory but she doesn't post the full ppt slides on bb, so it's definitely best to go. The book isn't super necessary to have but helpful for sure. I wish I could take her again!
5.0 : She is very passionate about Social psych! She's funny and her lectures are clear and concise. As long as you go to class, read over what she reviewed in class in the textbook, and fill out the study guide, you should do fine. Just make sure that you begin studying at least 2-3 days before the exam. This is one class you can't leave for last minute
5.0 : I love Prof Mattingly. For social psychology, the only grades are 4 tests with the lowest one dropped. But the questions are straightforward and her lectures are clear and interesting. She's also really nice and understanding.
5.0 : Dr. Mattingly is my favorite professor. She's down to earth and really understanding. Her lectures are very informative, and make it so you probably don't have to even open the textbook. Her tests are easy if you show up- they directly reference the lectures, so while you could skip, I highly don't recommend it. Everyone should take her class.
4.0 : Stat for Psych with Dr. Mattingly was the best math, or math-related, course I've had throughout my entire education. She provided many example problems in class to practice different statistical tests (which was helpful when doing the homework). The homework problems also prepared you for the exam. Recitations were also very helpful for exams.
5.0 : AMAZING. I was really not looking forward to this class at all but Dr. Mattingly is a wonderful professor and human in general. She is the sweetest. The tests could be a little hard and the homework was annoying but if you have to take stats take it with her!
5.0 : Dr. Mattingly is such an amazing professor! She truly cares about your success in her class. She gives very clear instructions and has clear power points that are very easy to follow. There is a lot of homework that is due every week, but as long as you pay attention in class and read your textbook you will be fine! I received an A in the course.
4.5 : Professor Mattingly was a great teacher. She was so sweet and very clear and easy to understand. She really wants to help. As long as you pay attention in class and do the homework you'll do great.  DO THE HOMEWORK it adds up and she's kind of a stickler with points.
4.0 : She is really a sweet woman. She is pretty shy and cares about her students. Attendance isn't mandatory, but it definitely helps when taking the tests. The class is graded by 4 tests and that's it. They aren't hard, just got to look at the PowerPoints and take notes.
5.0 : She was great and stuck to her syllabus.
5.0 : I am so lucky I took her for Stats because if I didn't I wouldn't have survived. I'm just extremely dumb when it comes to statistics so I struggled MAD hard, so don't go off of my difficulty unless if you struggle like me. I busted my ass for my C-. I'm going to take her for as many psych classes as I possibly can! Sweetest woman EVER. Take her!
5.0 : Sweetest woman in the world! She responds to email lightening fast, even on weekends. Is willing to help you no matter what. Her tests are a little tricky and the homework is LONG and tedious but the extra points boosts your grade. Oh, and she adds 1% on your final AND 1% on your total grade at the end of the semester! Would take again!!!?
5.0 : She really cares about her students understanding the concept and is willing to work on information over again even if we fall behind on the syllabus. She is willing to answer questions and never makes you feel dumb for asking them. I stress cried in front of her and she emailed me after I left to make sure I was okay. Overall sweet and perfect
5.0 : Easy A if you pay attention in class.  Only grades come from 4 tests and you can drop the lowest one.  Really nice professor - really knows what she's talking about and is passionate about it.
5.0 : Wow I'm lucky I chose her! I suck with numbers and this class was terrible, but she made it bearable. You all may be fine but I just couldn't do it, but thank God for the TAKE HOME PORTION of the test, I ended with a 70.3, never been so scared in my life. Take her and you won't be sorry.
3.5 : Professor Mattingly is very nice and more than ready to help students. Her tests can be tricky due to wording so I recommend reading questions a few times before answering. There are 4 tests and the lowest test grade is dropped. Attendance is not mandatory. The textbook is helpful for studying.
4.0 : I hate statistics with a passion. But I adore this professor. She's really sweet and is always there to help you because she STICKS to her office hours and stays extra if you need to go over examples.
5.0 : I really enjoyed the class a lot. You don't need the book- as long as you attend class and take detailed notes, you'll do well. She's incredibly knowledgeable, kind, and passionate. The class was a bit harder than I was expecting, but worth it. The work consists of 4 exams and 4 papers, and the final- you get to drop an exam and a paper.
3.5 : I think she is adorable but the way how the homeworks are graded is kind of frustrating. However, she made stats way more simple and easier to understand. 3 test and take home exams that you have to complete with SPSS. Even though she doesn't take attendance, do not miss labs! They are crucial and will help when it is exam time!
5.0 : Dr. Mattingly is one of my favorite profs at Temple. Her lectures are great because she's really relatable and focused. Although your grade is only based on exams, study in advance and you'll be fine. I also recommend reading the book because it can be helpful. Don't skip class because that's where she completes the slides and gives examples.
4.0 : She is cool and approachable. She missed some classes early so she gave us some really hard core workouts when she got back. Tough but fair, and really good looking!
5.0 : Nicole is a good person and makes class experience something one will never forget
5.0 : Great at explaining the quizzes
5.0 : She''s amazing and helpful I''ve never seen her without a smile on her face. She''s an easy grader as long as you do what is expected of you. I would definitely take her again
4.0 : In this lecture, You have to prepare 5 Presentations in the class to think about critical issues and do research. Professor is helpful talk to us some useful skills to help us not to so nervous when we speak to the public in front of people. She also give useful comments to tell each people how to get improved in the next presentation.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers at Temple. She is awesome. Went on field trips, her experience in PR &amp; Journalism relates to class. Loved going to her class (kinda wish it never ended) I definitely will take her again if I can. TAKE HER.
5.0 : She is the world's best teacher ever! If you are taking public speaking, take her. She makes you feel very comfortable when you are presenting and helps you through the whole processing of presenting in front of the class. One of my favorite professors at Temple!
5.0 : Awesome Professor! 5 main speeches throughout semester. Last three speeches are on a single topic of your choice (informative speech, persuasive speech, new policy speech) that must be between 6-8.5 minutes. Not very difficult. But she helps you master your delivery in every way and by the semester's end your very confident in your speaking ability
5.0 : She is a pretty easy grader. Attendance is super important, so make sure you're not someone who skips a lot. DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK BECAUSE IT'S EXPENSIVE AND YOU WON'T USE IT. Overall, her grading is very clear (rubrics for each presentation). She tries her best to make all her students feel comfortable. I would definitely take her again!
3.5 : Public Speaking. Doesn't go through book much but is a good Professor. Gets her point across. Grades on the spot for presentations so you know how you did by the end of that class. Do the work and you will pass.
4.0 : Professor Bangasser really wants students to succeed. It's important to go to class to fill out lecture slides, and always attend your lab recitation. "Pop quizzes" will cushion your grade, because there are few exams and they are specific. There was a required text but I barely used it- did not feel that it helped or harmed my grade.
5.0 : Great lecturer, very enthusiastic. Hard tests, but manageable if you study hard.
2.5 : Honestly, I've never had such a professor.  Yes, she may be there during her office hours, but what help is it when you have no study guide? There is just too much material for this class, and a study guide is essential. Her tests are hell, quizzes are easy. I wish we had another professor. Wish I had someone else for this class!
4.5 : great professor, super interesting class and she's so helpful! though it's a lot of material i feel the way she taught made it easier i would definitely recommend this course
5.0 : Really interesting class, she did a great job teaching it! It's a tough course, but she really does want you to do well.
3.0 : Dr. B is a very kind and helpful woman, however, Stress and the Brain is a psychology-based class. It may be because she is under the neuroscience department, but the class is structured for neuroscience students. This is very dense and difficult for psychology students that don't have much exposure to neuroscience. I don't recommend taking her.
5.0 : Really wants her students to do well. She really cares about her teaching and tries to make the class doable for all. A lot of chances to help your grade out. Super helpful in office hours!! Easy going and a great prof overall. You will have to study though.
5.0 : She doesn't take attendance but all of her power points online  have blank spots to encourage attendance. Tough class, good professor.
1.0 : Save yourself. I don't like to post bad comments, but for Sam it is needed. I went to class and did all the work with no problem, but almost failed tests. I am a math person, so if you aren't do NOT take him. Don't bother going to class. Watch the online Fox Video Vaults and do the online homework. He emails the days quizzes will be given.
1.0 : To cosign what many have said below, Ackerman is kind and attempts to be helpful. However, he is still VERY new and you can tell he hasn't refined his teaching style yet. He has a nervous stutter and often struggles to explain course material. Lectures as a result are useless; if you are good at teaching yourself content you will excel, otherwise..
5.0 : Sam was a great teacher for this class. He assigns homework which really ends up helping you in the long run. He is always there for you when you have questions, and is very helpful through the course. He responds to emails very quickly which is great when you need a quick answer. Overall would give him an A+++. Thanks Sam.
3.5 : He knows the material but just don't expect it to be interesting.  The class material is dry and the so is the teaching style.  If you pay attention though, by the end you will have learned the material.  Homework is all online and the book is not used in class at all but helpful for the homework.  All class lectures with is notes are posted online
5.0 : Great teacher, cares about his students and their understanding of the material. He posts all completed lectures with notes online and practice exams with answers as well. He was very understanding of the hard time I had this semester and was always around office hours to help me get through the material. Solid teacher, would recommend to everyone.
5.0 : Great professor that actually cares about his students. If you have any emergency he will set a meeting time to retake exam or quizzes. Also, he meets during office hours and will help you with anything you have an issue with and won't let you leave until you get it. Gives extra credit and includes attendance into your grade. Great teacher.
3.0 : Very nice guy - not the best at teaching the subject but he tries his best and is new to teaching.  He is always willing to help and is an easy grader. There is up to 5% extra credit.  I took business calc which is STAT1102  and thought the class was very easy although I took AP calc in high school. His tests are not hard. Not much hw.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Gives extra credit for each exam. Cares about his students understanding of the material but note that your not allowed to use your laptop during this class, which is the only downside. Would definitely  recommend to anyone and would take again!
5.0 : I like this professor.
5.0 : I think students should take samuel's statistic class. He is not good at chatting other things. But he is really good at statistic, and he is willing to answer student's any questions whenever it is working time. He is a good teacher.
5.0 : Sam is a FANTASTIC teacher! He really cares about students, and wants everyone to pass. Sam encourages student's to attend office hours, and is SO HELPFUL! Stat is a tough subject, but Sam is there to teach! If you are having trouble, he will do everything to help you understand the material. I recommend anyone to take his course!
5.0 : Sam is the BEST teacher I've ever had! Offers partial credit for all the work you are able to show. If you are not understanding the material he tries to explain it several different ways. I recommend everyone takes his course and puts in the effort because Sam is a great teacher
5.0 : BEST TEACHER! If you are having any trouble, attend office hours. He doesn't let you leave office hours without a better understanding of the material. Dry subject, dry lectures but he cares about his students! Don't expect this class to be fun, but you will learn a lot! Thank Sam!
5.0 : Great professor, really cares about his students. He will explain thing over and over until you understand them whether it is during class or office hours. Just show up, pay attention and do homework on time and you will get a good grade. Also, has 5% extra credit that will help you not only with getting a better grade but prepare you for the exams
5.0 : good
4.0 : He is an extremely easy teacher. He posts practice exams online that are exactly like the actual test but different numbers. Just study the slides and do the practice exams and you'll ace them. I got 100s on my last two exams.
4.0 : Lectures are online. Material is easy.  He stutters a lot and isn't the best explainer, but it gets the job done.  Have yet to pay attention in one class, and still have an A.  I teach myself through doing the homework assignments.
4.0 : Sam's 1102 STAT course was pretty easy, however I have took Calc in high school so this probably made it easier. He offers a lot of extra credit, the hw is online and not bad. He has quizzes which are only 1 problem which are just related to the hw. If you dont wanna go to class he records his lectures. Only bad thing is he stutters a lot.
5.0 : Couldnt have found a more helpful professor! Cares and will spend time until you learn properly! Easy A and easy on the eyes!
2.0 : Sam is very nice but EXTREMELY boring. His class is all lecturing with few questions needed to be asked because the class was taken at a very slow and basic pace. There are short homeworks due before every class where you will probably learn more than from his lectures. He has a slight stutter and doesn't seem to plan out what he's about to say.
3.0 : Wasn't really a fan of taking this class and Sam didn't help that too much, but I can't really blame him. He certainly tries his hardest to get you to understand the material. He appears to be a bit of a stutterer and thus severely affects his lectures, going to class didn't feel that helpful. However, he is very accessible and willing to help.
5.0 : Some of the reviews on here are a little unfair. Sam was a solid professor who knew/taught the material very well. He gives online extra credit that includes problems that will be on the test, and only those problems will appear on the test. He also gives you 15 absences before it hurts your grade. And the material was simple enough. Nice guy too.
5.0 : This professor truly love teaching and cares about his students anyone who says otherwise is lying. I'd def take another course with him. He gives reviews that counts for extra credits for the exam Very helpful! If you have the chance take him
2.0 : Going to this class was pretty difficult just because I felt that I did a better job teaching myself than Sam did. He definitely knows what he is talking about but teaching not so much. He stutters a lot which makes it hard to pay attention and to understand the material. He isn't too bad with grading but the tests are a bit difficult.
5.0 : Sam Ackerman is great, very helpful in class and during office hours. He will explain concepts until you understand. Gives plenty of extra credit! He is a TA, but has a teaching style thats better than some Professors. Would definitely take again!
5.0 : Good class! Was interesting and workload was very reasonable.
5.0 : Great class and a great professor. He knows the materials and knows how to teach them well to us. For quizzes and papers, you'll definitely have to put in effort. There won't be an easy A for his class. It's not impossible, though; there are people who got an A in his class.
5.0 : Really cool and laid back professor. Class was pretty straight forward and he does a good job keeping you interested. He tells you exactly what you will be tested on, no surprises. Just study what he tells you too and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Nate is a seriously great professor. He kept the class was fun and interesting.
5.0 : Great teacher. Class was interesting &amp; Nate was hilarious. One of my favorite classes I've taken
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher who keeps the class environment fun and nonjudgmental.  I would take all courses he teaches because his teaching style is so relaxed but still informative.  His tests are straight forward. There was one short paper and two tests.  He prepares you well for all assignments.
5.0 : Before this class I wasn't a huge fan of Chemistry but this really sealed the deal for me.  Great professor!
4.5 : She's a phD student and when I took her for calc2 over the summer it was her first time teaching. You would never know, thats how good she is. Quizzes were problems from the posted hw problems and she told us which sections to study. She also prepared us for the exams really well; encouraged us to bring in back-exams and went over them in class.
5.0 : She is the best professor that I have ever had.  This course is hard (which requires a lot of work to do) but she will help you. I loved the way that she teaches (she is funny and entertaining). I was always excited to come to her class. Whoever gave her a poor rating did not do the work that was required. Take her!!!!! You will not regret!
5.0 : Great teacher, very funny personality, which helps you stay awake and retain the course material better. She is extremely helpful and really cares about her students. Expect your papers to be graded tough, but do expect a lot of feedback on how to make them better; it is the whole point of the class, anyway. I highly recommend her for Bus Com.
1.0 : Ton of works, Be careful!
4.0 : She was very clear throughout the class. BA 2196 is writing intensive, so you will have to go to the writing center a couple of times during the course, but it's worth it She would seem intimidating at first, but she isn't a hard grader at all. She does sample Mastery exam in class, which i think helped me a lot ended up getting an A in her class
5.0 : Professor Erin is truly amazing teach all around. she is super smart, quick response,  huge great sense of humor!! She is so great, so smart, so beautiful, so kind and so nice. Listen up, take Erin and you will feel your dollars worth it. Erin makes life long friend relationship with you.  she helps you every steps you go. TAKE ERIN FOR STUPID 2196
5.0 : Erin is the best teacher ever! She is super funny &amp; will always keep you entertained. She makes a boring subject fun &amp; she makes you remember things because of her sense of humor. Don't even look any further for a BA2196 teacher because she's the best. Do the work &amp; listen to what she wants from you in your papers/presentations and you'll do great!
5.0 : Dr. Bachmeier was such an amazing guy! He really knows what he is talking about and will teach you a lot. The class isn't the most intresting material, but his passion for the subject makes it more than bearable. There are a few quizzes, a couple easy projects and the final isn't too bad. He will also offer extra credit. Highly recommened!
5.0 : Dr. Bachmeier is an awesome professor, he is very knowledgeable in the subject of immigration and you will learn a lot. The class is not hard, there are 5 quizzes, he drops the lowest 2 and there is a final. There are also two projects but they aren't tough, overall I really enjoyed the class and Dr. Bachmeier is very helpful and understanding.
5.0 : Prof. James Bachmeier is really very nice person. he is very knowledgeable on immigration subject also he complete his Phd in this field. He gives more chance to student to them best.I am strongly advised you to take this class if you need GenEd requirement. For my current semester he is one of the best prof. who really understand every students.
4.0 : Very fair grader for exams. She tries to help you as much as she is able to.
5.0 : She was very helpful and kept things interesting. She prepares you really well for each test and is always willing to help. She was the best professor I've ever had at Temple and if I could take her again, I would.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. Tells you exactly what to study for Exams, gives you the slides that she teaches off of to study from. Keeps the class interesting with videos. Is happy to answer any questions you have. Hates disruptive ppl, doesn't like you on your phone, barely ever takes attendenc. Pay attention and there's no way you can fail.
3.0 : I had Dr. Pacyon for an online class. The class in general was ok but Dr. P is very accommodating.
5.0 : Sam is really laid back and into teaching you proper form (which is how you're graded). Definitely take him for 1062 and you'll have a great time
5.0 : Sam is awesome.  You wouldn't expect him to be too knowledgable from first glance, but he's been in the fitness industry for a while and he knows what he's talking about. He makes class fun, and there was only one (1) page paper about your fitness history and goals. Thats the only writing all semester. Would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Very easy class. Sam is so much fun and doesn't make class stressful. One paper assignment
5.0 : Sam is the coolest instructor ever! He's so relaxed and nice, doesn't kill you if you don't know what you're doing! All I can say is hands down best teacher! As long as you attempt the course you'll end up with a good grade hands down would take him again!
5.0 : Although I had a low interest for this class, Sam made it enjoyable due to his laid back environment. I'm not athletic by any means but as long as you participate and work to improve by the end of the semester you will easily pass.
5.0 : Super easy taking this class online. The grades, however, were behind on schedule so you didn't know where you stood in the course
5.0 : Prof. Stengel was great for Learning/Behavior Analysis.  She works in the field and brings a ton of every day experience and examples to the class. A-Prof. Stengel tells a joke; B- Students laugh; C - Prof. Stengel tells more jokes.  If you're interested in Behavior Analysis, take her!
5.0 : There is a ton of work for this class, but Professor Markman is fair to students and definitely cares more than most professors I've had. Definitely recommend going to office hours if you need extra help.
5.0 : Really good class. You will do well AS long as you show up, stay awake (Biz Com's content is boring no matter who you have), and do your work.  Super available to answer questions and provide extra help. He's also relateable because he is a hipster and has good taste in music.
4.0 : Ross is one of the few professors i've had at temple who actually cares about students. Yes, his grading on writing assignments can be picky, but he always provides a lot of feedback and your writing will definately improve after taking his course. Class was actually fun for 2.5 hours. Go to office hours too. Ross is an advisor, so he's around.
5.0 : Great class
5.0 : Professor Ross is an A-M-A-Z-I-N-G instructor. He really has an impressive respect and knowledge of the written word. This semester I have left 2 classes feeling more inspired than I feel after finishing a Michael Bubl album. I am also continually impressed by the instructor's hip sense of style.
5.0 : class is awesome. there are no tests. really great professor, and he's really helpful but you have to ask for help.
5.0 : The best professor at Temple!
5.0 : Professor Markman is the Best Professor I have encountered at Temple. The engagingly spirited discussions draw you in and encourage you to not only think why but also why not. At the conclusion of more than one class I have left the room feeling so uplifted that Josh Grobans rendition of You Raise Me Up was playing in my head.
5.0 : Professor Ross is a really good professor. He makes a lot of suggestions on your assignments and gives you the opportunity to improve. I learned more in this class than in most of my other classes at Temple. Like others said this guy is a real caring person (very un-robot like) , a hipster and really into his cats
5.0 : Ross is the best. Funny, smart, and really cares about the students. Take him, you won't be let down.
2.5 : Ross while a nice guy. Grades your papers like a total newspaper editor. So if you wanna waste 10 hours writing a paper that will just get ripped apart and receive a 75 for, take this class. He is a really great guy, but is teaching the wrong class.
1.0 : Do not take this guy. The other review was spot on that he grades your papers like a "total newspaper editor".  If you want some one that over analyzes every little thing, then this is your class.  There's plenty of other professors who teach BA2196. You should probably look into them first.
4.0 : Fox students all the time head how difficult this class is, and it's not easy. However, Ross made it interesting and I actually found myself not minding going to a night class. Most of all I like the positive reinforcement and knowing where to improve. Good professor.
5.0 : I was very scared of public speaking before this class. Professor Markman created an environment where I eventfully felt comfortable doing this. My writing also got better by the end of the semester. If you're expecting an A in this class, you have to work really hard. I didn't get an A, but I learned a lot of stuff I will use in the future.
4.5 : She is such a great teacher! And my absolute favorite! She taught me so many good things about a lot of stuff especially about Italian culture! SHE IS THE BEST!
5.0 : Annalisa is the best!!
4.5 : Professor Rinaldi great! She won't make anything ridiculously hard, but you do have to work for your grade, but in a foreign language class if you aren't working for it, you arent getting anything out of it. I am not good at speaking italian but I am good at writing and reading, she helped me feel very comfortable in my shaky attempts at speaking!
5.0 : Annalisa was born to teach! What a great class - I highly recommend her!
4.5 : She explains the concepts behind the Japanese language very well and knows what she's doing. Teaches well, and is serious, yet knows how to laugh
5.0 : Her PowerPoints are very organized and clear. She assigned reading guides to go along with the reading and the PowerPoint almost every class but they were helpful and didnt take that long to do. Her tests were exactly like the study guide, no surprises.
4.0 : Overall, I thought Greenwood's class was alright. He provides great examples relevant to real life in his lectures. Projects are fairly easy; he tells you exactly what he wants. You also have weekly online quizzes. There's only 2 exams and they're weighted heavily, but he curves them at the end. Should've gotten a B-, ended up with an A. :)
2.0 : Greenwood is a reasonable guy. The class wasn't hard, but he assigns 6 articles to read before each class then randomly calls on people from his roster sheet throughout the class to ask questions based on the readings. I felt like he was asking us more questions than actually teaching the material. If you're a good student though you can get an A
5.0 : Greenwood is a great professor. He tries his best to make sure you understand the course material and he makes jokes throughout the entire lectures. The  class wasn't difficult. The exams are hard but there's a huge curve at the end.
5.0 : He will make you learn a lot and laugh a lot! Highly recommend!
4.5 : Professor Greenwood is really helpful and knowledgeable. He is really engaging in his lectures and makes them more interesting than other MIS professors. I really enjoyed his sense of humor, which got me to pay attention more during class. But be prepared, the class he teaches is still pretty tough.
4.0 : Although attendance doesn't affect your grade, going to class will benefit. Lectures help information from book stick. You must read the book to earn a good grade in this class. The subject matter is pretty easy, but it is a lot of information for a 3 credit course. Overall, good instructor who makes class fun and enjoyable. Highly recommend
5.0 : Great Guy. Engaging, personable, helpful and extremely smart. MIS3501 is an extremely difficult class, you won't find a better prof. than Greenwood if he's teaching it.
5.0 : 3501 is the hardest class in MIS. Greenwood makes it as much fun as he can.
5.0 : 3501 will be a tough class with any professor. I would recommend taking it with Greenwood because he teaches it really well and is a cool guy.
1.0 : 3501(your probably here for 2101)  is  hard make sure you practice it and understand every line of code and why its there ALWAY WRITE CODE FROM STRETCH do not use the exercise files. Greenwood is the WORST TEACHER I had at Temple. Simply enjoying's not being a nice person. TAKE SHAFER  or someone else or wait another semester.  Do you trust me?
5.0 : His lectures are pretty good, he's very helpful when you have questions, my only complaint is that his homework takes about 5 hours to finish (literally).
5.0 : I love Mr. Liu. I had him at UCA for Micro and Macro econ. His accent is thick but easy to understand what he's saying. Very funny, and very helpful. Tests are straight out of the study guide. Textbook included in online code used for homework, but never need to read. I recommend Liu 10/10! There is one group project, so try to take with a friend.
2.0 : Took him for Microeconomics at UCA. Difficult to understand through his accent. Studied for his tests, still made C's. He moves through his powerpoints a little fast most of the time. Pay attention or you won't get the notes you need. You still have to fill  out the slides if you print them out. Almost no extra credit options.
5.0 : Prof. Liu's lectures were well prepared for  every class. He uses many examples to explain stuff for easy understanding. He likes give students chance to improve their grades. His teaching is clear and organized.
5.0 : He is wonderful, lectures are clear and easy to follow. Many practices are useful for preparing exams.
5.0 : Julia Somers is by far the best teacher I have ever had. Everything she taught was clear. Her notes are very organized and easy to follow. The home work is relevant and manageable. Show up to class to get the information. You do not need to by a book. She will help you with anything you need and is extremely understanding. Best math teacher!!!!!!!!
5.0 : She's chill, very lienient, she doesn't nag you. You will get the grade your deserve and earned. She's not bad on the eyes either.
5.0 : Take him he is really good and easy. Hes an easy A!
5.0 : He is a very genuine and caring person. He understands that sometimes life is just tough and will be very considerate. Just show him that you are trying your best and he will give you a good grade! It's a fun class!
4.0 : I have her for a Gen Ed Tech credit. Although she is very nice, and trys to help as best she can the material is somewhat dry and the formulas are very hard to understand if you are not a an engineering major. You dont need the textbook if you pay attention to all the power points
4.5 : Susan is AWESOME! Her lectures were long, but she never requires you to come. She'll give you MONTHS notice (on the syllabus) the days you need to come to class. Assignments are hard but she doesn't grade for the answers being correct. It's all about how much you write on the paper. Also talking to her helps your participation!
3.0 : I took Jess' class as a history gen-ed, hoping to find the subject more interesting. Pages of articles to read, long essay tests, many essay papers, and pop quizzes, I thought were a little much for a gen-ed. But her harsh grading topped it off for me. She refused to post lectures after class. Her class discouraged me from the subject interest.
4.0 : Be ready to dedicate a lot of time to reading and writing. We had weekly discussion boards, three short papers, and one long paper (for the summer course). She picked interesting readings, but there were A LOT. On the other hand, she always responded quickly to emails and was very helpful. Also, I only needed to buy 1 book which was like 10 bucks.
4.5 : Took Her for a History Gen Ed, although the information isnt the most exciting she takes time to break down each reading to help better understand. Have 3 papers, none of which are short and the articles that you read wont be short either. You can tell she enjoys the material and tries her best to get us to enjoy it
5.0 : Probably the best professor I've had at Temple as far as cohesion, enthusiasm and accessibility . Lots of reading but I know a hell of a lot now and isn't that the point?
5.0 : She was great! I took her Fall 2014 for Immigration and the American Dream online as well and she was great then as well! If you don't communicate with her when you are confused about something, you won't do well in the class. Overall, very helpful professor. She wants her students to pass and do well!!!
5.0 : Took her online youth cultures class for an easy A. She was extremely helpful with her feedback and emails her students back quickly. Each week, you watch her lecture, read 2 to 4 long articles per week, a 200 word blog post,  and 1 peer comment. No exams! Just two quizzes, two papers, and one project. You get 3 free weeks. Overall, a great class
2.0 : Weekly assignments are pretty easy but get no feedback. Papers are about the same. Test are so hard she gives you 5 hours to complete it and you will use almost half of it to answer the 20 questions. AVOID.
4.0 : You won't pass this class if you miss more than you're allowed to. She's pretty reasonable though. Only 1-2 quizzes, won't assign readings if you got an essay draft due. The class discussions are very interesting though.
5.0 : CD is really cool and understanding. Only had to write 3 papers and all you have to do for homework is read and annotate the readings. Participatin in class isn't scary and she plays a good amount of movies. She basically sets up your papers in discussions. I would take her again if I could. Also dont skip more than 4 classes or you fail the course
5.0 : Gives a few quizzes, do the readings &amp; you will pass easily. Anytime you have a problem you can go to her for help. Nicest teacher I have ever had. She is funny and made lectures fun.  Loved having her. Papers were not hard if you understood the material and she is always there to help. Recommend taking her for any course, I'd take her again!
5.0 : CD is an awesome professor who makes class very interesting and fun. I took this as an art gen ed and I was surprised I ended up liking it. If you show up to class, participate, and do the work you will get an easy A. CD is so much fun you'll look forward to going.
5.0 : By far the best Professor I have had at TU! Not only does she care for her students but she is extremely approachable. If you do the readings, meet the deadlines, and participate this class will be a breeze.
3.5 : Really interesting topics, but gives you so much reading.  Never posts grades which is super annoying.
3.5 : A good teacher and is helpful with clearing up what we are learning because the reading can be difficult at times. No tests but there are a few papers and a lot of reading and discussion posts due just about every class.
4.0 : Such a good teacher, listener, and quite argumentative (in a good way). She covers really interesting topics in a modern and up-beat manner.
4.5 : She's  an amazing teacher and really funny, it was such an enlightening class and you learn so much. There is a lot of reading and you do have to do it but it's easy just time consuming. No tests or quizzes only 3 papers the whole semester. Not bad, you do have to show up. Overall really great teacher would definitely recommend!
4.0 : CD is really cool and gets to know her students well. She has a very open classroom, and is open to any kind of creative writing. You don't have to be a good writer to pass, but you do have to show up to class! You have to make one submission of your own writing to the whole class, but the feedback is all nice things and its easy.
4.5 : He really goes out of his way to help you, if you need it. All you have to do is ask. Very energetic and covers a lot of material. Possibly loves the topic too much, but he is Italian. He'll also talk in Italian a lot when not addressing the class. Overall a fun class experience and actually teachers you to speak the language.
5.0 : Very easy class, phenomenal guy. I wish he taught more than just 1002. LOVED him
4.0 : You can tell that Professor Bortolato loves teaching the language! I'm not the best at learning languages, but he made things clear enough and simple enough for me to remember and understand. As long as you go to class and put in a little studying time before quizzes, it's not bad. He's a total sweetheart to everyone!
5.0 : Davide is adorable. He's straight out of Italy so obviously he knows Italian really well. Besides being good looking, he's a great teacher and is so nice. He's willing to help anyone and just wants everyone to do well.
5.0 : On tests bortolato will often correct you when you make a little mistake which is very helpful but won't take off points or full points. He is really nice and is a very easy grader!
5.0 : Native Italian speaker. Really helpful and is lenient in grading.
3.0 : On tests Bortolato will often correct you when you make a little mistake which is very helpful but won't take off points or full points. He is really nice professor. Study for all the tests. The lowest test grade is dropped. Study hard for all tests!
5.0 : Literally the coolest professor to have on campus. His class is super interesting and also very easy. He gives youtube videos with questions word for word from it for homework. He gives the mid term and final on tophat. He also takes attendance on tophat. He raps and keeps the class super interesting. You'll love him. You MUST take a class of his.
5.0 : My favorite teacher at Temple!
5.0 : He is AWESOME! He made extremely boring material super fun and relatable. He had me cracking up in class! He is also a low-key rapper which rocks; look him up! Attendance doesn't matter! He told us the midterm and final questions. We had to write maybe two 1 page papers. Super easy. I would recommend his class to anybody!! Take him if you can!
4.0 : Professor Smith is my favorite prof at Temple. He's chill, down to earth and willing to answer any questions you may have about the material. He would love for you to participate although I really don't think it matters too much. He always says how he'll give us a pop quiz but we only had two for the whole semester. Easy A. MUST TAKE.
4.0 : Professor Smith is great, He's very  down to earth and willing to answer any questions. He does take attendance and wants everyone to participate  but its nothing major just answer a question here or there &amp; you'll be fine. If it seems like nobody is reading he say he'll give a pop quiz but we only had like 2 the whole semester Easy A. MUST TAKE.
2.0 : Prof is new and it shows. Prof admits to 'getting by' in college and it shows. Profs wants to drop science, but doesn't know the math. Overall, take this prof if you like to get by with easy credit and look at college as a stepping stone to a job. Don't take this prof if you are looking for a challenge or enjoy learning. The irony runs deep here.
4.5 : If this election comes down to Trump vs. Clinton, vote for AARON X SMITH!
5.0 : Prof. Smith is the man. Seriously, he taught me more about life than any other teacher i've ever had ever. Take his class. You won't regret it.
5.0 : His class is very eye opening. He was able to make me think differently about the world around me. Even though he teaches about the dark truths of history, he manages to make the whole class laugh. He is a really great teacher!
4.0 : His class is more about understanding systems of oppression than about sports. It's more like an African American studies course. Take this course if you are privileged individual. You might learn something. This class is very abstract at times you have to understand that there are methods to the professors madness. The class is super easy.
5.0 : Basically, the professor every college student would want. Doesnt care about grades but wants to connect with the students. Come in to class, chill, listen to some Meek Mill, and listen to what the man is saying, itll change your mind. very very few assignments. if there are, its very easy to do. We did the midterm together in class. too easy.
5.0 : All of my friends were jealous of me for taking this class. My snapchats consisted of professor smith dancing around in front of the class and playing litty before every lecture. Take him, you won' t regret it.
5.0 : Mr. Smith is seriously the best teacher at Temple. His classes are lit every single day and actually quite interesting. I learned a lot of cool stuff in this class. It's a must take and the easiest A of your life.
5.0 : This class is a must take if you can get a seat.
5.0 : Extremely intelligent
5.0 : I'm not understanding why there are a few bad reviews for Prof Smith. He is literally one of the best (if not the best) professor I had! Just show up because attendance matters for your grade and do the online homework (which is only like 6 assignments) and it's an easy A honestly. Also, he speaks the truth too!
5.0 : Professor Smith is the man. He is hilarious, and informative. He is one of the most animated professors, or teachers, etc I've ever had. I would love to take him again. Show up, raise your hand, and you will get an A. You will also learn some interesting things--I learned a lot of cool stuff about the history of race in sports. Great guy. Take him.
5.0 : Take him if you want an easy A Gen Ed. Literally did nothing in this class, except few homework that a 10 year old can do (midterm and final were few questions that you have to answer after watching a video sent by him). Made my semester less stressful. Professor is very engaging and funny. Would take him again!
5.0 : Best professor! No final because he cancel it. Midterm was super easy&amp; 20 questions and take it online. BEST! BEST! BEST!
5.0 : He is a TA for Physics 2021. Easy grader, yet to see anyone get below a 90% on a lab report. Easy to get straight 100s on reports. He has his own grading rubric makes life so much easier and explained well. Doesn't give a crap about plagiarism. Half of the report was to simply reword or copypaste the proceduretheory. Ask him anything. Great TA!
5.0 : Gives you every opportunity to succeed, but he was also fair. Do the work and you'll get the grade.
4.5 : Love him! TAKE THIS CLASS. I took this as a night class and went into it dreading it, i love coming to this class. Gives back very good feedback which helps when revising and putting pieces out into the real world. Would highly recommend.
5.0 : He is the best professor I've ever had. Highly recommend. His classes are so interesting and he makes you a better writer. Love love love this guy.
3.5 : Tattar is a phenomenal professor if you want to be successful in the PR field. He uses his own past experiences and current consulting endeavors in order to enhance his students' learning experience. One of Temple's best adjuncts!
5.0 : Do yourself a favor and take a class with him. If you are serious about a career in PR and really want to know how to hack it out there then he is the clear choice.
5.0 : He was awesome ! I really loved the class and learned more in this class than any other PR class! I would take him again in a heartbeat! He's great!
5.0 : Professor really knew what he was talking about when it came to teaching the class. Taught the class well. I learned a lot in this class.
5.0 : He is a great person. Big in the PR business and so we get hands on experience. I would so take this class again with him.
5.0 : I took Alison's Digital Media and Advertising class. There is no textbook, but there are articles you have to read every week and are quizzed on. Sometimes you have to write a reflection on it.
5.0 : Alison is an amazing professor! She is incredibly nice, and amazingly well versed in her field. The class is better if you're passionate for advertising yet still fun and easy if you aren't as involved. My favorite professor at Temple, I would instantly take the class again if I could!
5.0 : She is AMAZING! take her class for everything possible!
5.0 : I had the pleasure of taking Alison as a professor two semesters in a row! Alison has the real life experience that is applicable to our class and is beneficial in our learning. She is awesome and cares about her students like they are her own children. She not only wants to help us succeed in class but she puts forth effort in helping us find jobs
5.0 : Amazing teacher! She takes the time to get to know her students as well as making sure everyone is up to date on their work.
5.0 : Respect Alison's decade and change worth of experience in media planning. The projects are intelligently designed to make your final project simpler. Great textbook. Easy reading and is material you'll actually use.
5.0 : Alison has her fair share of experience in sales. Extra credit is intelligently designed to help you expand your network. Guest speakers have amazing credentials and even more experience. Phenomenal class. Great book!
5.0 : Alison's greatest quality is how much recent, relevant experience she has in the industry. Extremely helpful. Learned a lot in her class, but the material can sometimes be boring. Weekly quizzes, but you can attend as many approved events as you want to replace bad quiz grades with 100%. Overall great class, hope I can get another class with her.
4.0 : Don't know how to feel about her. She isn't the worst teacher I've had, but she can be a huge pain. If you miss a quiz you can't retake it. Spends a ton of time talking about herself but does bring relevant examples to the table. Her class isn't hard I just don't like her as a person. Do the work and you can pass but I wouldn't take her again.
5.0 : Professor Ebbecke is definitely the best Professor I've had so far. Her lectures are hilarious, informative and very short which is awesome. No quizzes or tests, only the midterm and the final. There are quite a few assignments, but nothing hard. Once you show up to class and listen to what she has to say, you'll definitely pass!
5.0 : Professor Ebbecke is utterly amazing. If you express an interest in the subject matter, she will match it and then some. Show up to class, because her classes are wonderful! I have her for an 8AM and it's the only one of my classes that i like, ironically enough. Wonderful teacher, and awesome human being all together. A bunch of Extra Credit, too!
5.0 : Alison is so funny and cool, but don't let that fool you! She still wants people to work hard and be responsible. She's not one to give an A to anyone. She knows a hard worker when she sees one and is always willing to help!
5.0 : Clearly knows what it takes to get a job in the field and is very open about helping her students reach their goals. Has a conversation with us, instead of simply lecturing and talking at us. Can approach her without feeling intimidated when in need of help. Gives extra credit. Truly wonderful and inspiring. Temple is very lucky to have her.
5.0 : AMAZING, you won't regret it.
5.0 : This professor is amazing! He knows when to be funny and knows when to be serious. In order to pass this class, PLEASE study and memorize all of the Hirganas and Katakanas in the beginning or else you will struggle. He makes things very clear during lecture. He almost makes students practice a lot of speaking and listening during lectures.
4.0 : Nagai sensei is a cool teacher with an interesting sense of humor. Be prepared to put in at least 2 hours of work into class if you want to get an A by the end. For our class we had a pop quiz nearly every time we met up. Tests are also hard, unless you prepare accordingly. Also he will call on you to answer questions in class a lot, so be ready!
4.5 : He's a Japanese and have a systematic teaching style. He's humorous and helpful. However, you should always learning at least ONE HOUR PER DAY to get "A" in a language course. Otherwise, stop learning language.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor! He memorized every student's name on the second class and cared everyone. This class is gonna be difficult anyway and every professor are using the same syllabus so no matter which professors you take there are lots of tests and assignments waiting for you. But Nagai Sensai teaches in super interesting way, best one ever
5.0 : Best English classes I've ever taken. Obviously you have to write, but she gives good feedback, lets you revise multiple times, and brings cookies to class on revision days. Lectures are interesting enough to keep students awake, despite the rather dry material. Super nice and always willing to help students out.
5.0 : One of my favorite profs. Seems genuinely interested in helping students who are willing to put in effort &amp; is also friendly outside of class. Expect group discussion based lectures and weekly quizzes. Gives ample time to writefix essays. Strict on punctuality and attendance; don't be late or absent or your grade will start to suffer!
3.0 : She is overall a nice teacher and respectful. However, SUCH A HARD GRADER! She's super strict on essays even though the homework and reading is somewhat easy. You just never see it coming and then, BAM bad grade. Proceed with caution.
5.0 : Best professor I had so far. Very experienced. Knows his stuff. Lectures are fast, but can always ask. Lot to do after class, copy &amp; paste possible most of time though. Do participate/homework and get 100% (even w/ mistakes).Textbook unnecessary but provides solutions to textbook problems (helps on homework). Prepares you for live after graduation.
5.0 : Nice professor. Hope to take other courses with him. Even help you on the weekend.
5.0 : Lectures are very fast. Take him only if you are good with excel. Heavy weightage on participation vs exams. He is very clear and sometimes funny. Little short-tempered, try not to go late or leave early. If you are not FMA member, good luck!! BMC and FactSet are a joke. Group project was alright, but expects a lot. Borrow excel sheet dont but text
5.0 : Literally, explains the concepts in the most simple way!!
5.0 : pretty nice professor, teach u a lot thing in the real world.
3.5 : Not a bad prof. Lectures are FAST, so keep up! His expectations of students' prior knowledge is too ambitious; he quizzed us on concepts taught in classes not required (derivatives). Group project was a JOKE. He was very unclear about his expectations and did not explain it well. Overall, a knowledgable prof., but could use work on clarity.
5.0 : Theresa was very helpful with all the projects. There's a lot of work but she is fair and always sends reminder emails when things are due. Some of the work gets tough when we got more into Indesign, but Theresa spends extra time with you if you need it like I did. She's really nice and laid back!
4.0 : wonderful and special to learn with all of her technical skiils.
5.0 : Really helpful and cool. There were a lot of projects but she did her best to help us through learning photoshop and indesign. She made 8am class actually fun.
4.0 : Ms. Regan is a great teacher! She is very understanding and structures the class well. Her expectations are fair.. the projects require time, and you need to follow along.. but long as you do, you will pass and learn a lot! Also, anytime I had a question, she responded quickly to emails.
5.0 : Theresa is a great teacher and clearly explains all of the projects. She's very helpful when students have any questions. It's easy to learn a lot from this class if you pay attention and take notes.
5.0 : Kaelin is absolutely amazing! I took her for the Gen-ed, The Art of Sacred Space, and it was by far my favorite class.  She is a phenomenal teacher and her lectures are extremely engaging.  It also helps that she has a great sense of humor! It is a lot of memorization, but she is wonderful and I would highly recommend this class and her!
3.5 : Was there to help if you needed it, still graded tough. Will work with you, if you put out the effort. Fair.
5.0 : He is very understanding when it comes to deadlines and expectations. His main concern is trying to help you grow as a designer not just complete the assignment. Doesn't make you do unessessary work, but will expect effort and participation on your part. One of the best teachers I've had to date!
4.5 : Chris is one of the best professors I have had, especially for studio. He is extremely helpful, and lets you explore your ideas while trying to guide you along the right path. He pushes you creatively and is always suggesting great ways to improve your project. If you have him consider yourself lucky!
5.0 : Chris is one of the most helpful professors I've had at Temple to date. He's gives great feedback with excellent references. He still expects you to work for your grade, but is super reasonable.
5.0 : Super easy class
5.0 : Amazing professor, and very kind! Very easy class, and all you need to do is show up, and you will pass guaranteed.
4.5 : I loved Professor Schafli! His passion for music and the arts is so evident in his teaching. He's an adjunct but still makes his students feel important and takes his job seriously. He made learning about classical music fun and interesting. His tests are so easy if you pay attention, review the slides, and glance over the textbook. And he's funny!
5.0 : I wasn't expecting the class to be interesting as it was. Prof Schafli made the content interesting and overall was my favorite prof this semester. His powerpoint make taking notes easy, and he posts them on Blackboard a few days before the test to help. Make sure to listen to the pieces in each section because they will be on the test.
5.0 : He was one of the best professors I ever had, he was enjoyable and explains things well. Just show up often, (dont sign in and leave he will catch you), be on your phone etc. Just go to the concert, listen during class, and show up to most of the classes and you will get an easy A or B. Never got the textbook either.
5.0 : This dude is the goat. Don't hesitate. Seats are hella close if you know what I mean.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. As long as you put in a small amount of effort you'll grab the A. Awesome guy, passionate about his work, and passionate about the class.  Oh, and I never bought the textbook for this class, and I finished with a 98% - do not buy the textbook, you don't need it.
4.5 : The tests were all very simple but there were ten of them.  Know the vocab and listen to the songs before the test and skim through the book and you're guaranteed an A.  Flips about electronics and leaving early but other than that a great teacher that makes a boring class interesting
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Easy to get good grades. He is so enthusiastic and always positive. Great teacher
5.0 : BEST prefessor ever.
4.0 : He's a goon but easy to get good grades
5.0 : FRAME
5.0 : Ephraim really knows his stuff when it comes to music. No idea how he's still an adjunct professor. He's a great teacher and even a better guy when it comes to going to his office hours (in the Palate).
5.0 : Dr. Schafli is the BEST GenEd teacher you will ever have. His class (exploring music) is very interesting and super easy. The passion he has to teaching music makes it all the better. He gives out grades, just follow the criteria. I swear, he saved my semester, having his class bumped up my gpa a LOT! Beware of:  Not attending. Using cell phone.
4.0 : Great professor.  This was a very easy class.  Show up to class, and sign in.  Dont sign in and leave cause he will catch you.  Take notes on what he says during class, not the powerpoints.  A few days before the quiz he post the powerpoints on blackboard along with a study guide.  only time i used the textbook was to relisten to the music pieces
5.0 : -Tests are REALLY easy, you could study for half an hour and be golden -MyMusicLab not really necessary though you will need to recognize pieces of music for tests -Realistic. He knows his course is mandatory and many people don't want to be there so he tries to make it as painless as possible (as a result I didn't mind going to his class!)
4.0 : Schafli's class was not difficult at all - he opened the course by saying that he truly wanted to give every one of us an easy A, and guaranteed that he would not make the course material difficult. He's a stickler about cell phones and computers. There IS a concert attendance requirement for this course, and a group project. I enjoyed it!
5.0 : Professor Schafli is an AMAZING teacher. I had him for exploring music and he is very passionate about what he is talking about and he knows that his class is a gen ed and treats it like one. If you show up and do the few assignments he gives you you'll get an A+. Extremely approachable guy and I would strongly recommend to take for your art gen ed
5.0 : Schafli is an understanding professor. He does not like cell phones or electronics during lecture. I took Exploring Music and he definitely makes the lectures humorous. The material is very cool too so I suggest getting the book for his 25 ques. test every two weeks. Don't be too late, get your measly two papers in on time and you're golden!
5.0 : Incredible guy. Highly recommend! Shows compassion in his work. Relatively simple, know the material in order to pass. Quiz heavy, no exam no papers.
5.0 : Very interesting class. He's a great teacher and this class is DEFINITELY A great pick for non music majors. Only thing the textbook costs an arm and a leg and you barely use it...
4.0 : Her class was a bit boring but the exams were easy. As long as you show up and do the work throughout the semester it's an easy A. She stresses the importance of the readings that she assigns but I was able to get by without doing any.
5.0 : She is really down to earth and very cool.
4.5 : She's really young and cool, Uses a lot of great videos to help discuss the points she's trying to make.  The work is like any regular course but her lectures make you want to go to class and makes it easy to learn.  One of the best teachers I've had here at Temple.
5.0 : Helpful, creative, informative, and beautiful. She is arguably one of the best professors I have had at Temple's film department. She is young and understands you. There's no need to say much. If you're pondering whether you should take her class, just do it and see it for yourself. You'll love her and her lectures.
5.0 : One of the best teachers here at Temple. Honestly class was not hard at all. Just go to class and put some effort into it and you will pass no problem. He is hilarious and really chill. Definitely take him
4.0 : He is ok. He will give reviews before exams.
5.0 : Easiest class I had to take. We had to listen to presentations by various companies, which I enjoyed a lot. His exams/midterms were so easy if you paid attention to the presentations. They were literally 10-12 questions! He is so caring that he extended the due date for the midterm bc a lot of people missed it. No final exam/paper whatsoever.
3.5 : If you don't like giving your opinion stay far away. Entire class is structured as an opinion piece. Opinion questions on tests. Opinion essays on documentaries. You make videos as participation of your opinion. It isn't bad but after awhile you run out of things to say. Otherwise, really easy A-I didn't even have to watch lectures to participate.
4.5 : She was an awesome professor to have.  She knows her stuff and engages her students often.  Her lectures are entertaining and you will learn a lot if you show up and pay attention.  Definitely doesn't hurt that she is young and attractive.
5.0 : She was the coolest professor I've ever had! She made the lectures fun and interesting, unlike many other teachers. We did get a lot of assignments, but she kept pushing back deadlines for our convenience. And she isn't a tough grader at all. Participation does matter but once you start, you won't want to stop!
5.0 : I had Prof. Raisch for Tweens&amp;Teens and shes great. It's obvious that she cares &amp; wants everyone to pass &amp; understand the material. She really encourages everyone to participate so that she has feedback and knows how to improve the class. Rarely any hw except reading. Midterm &amp; final was easy. You need to read &amp; pay attention though. few group proj
5.0 : I took her course because I needed a gen ed. She is an AMAZING educator, I wish she taught every subject! She is very clear, and she is sooo nice. Her class is always interesting. There are no textbooks, just articles she posts for you (FREE)! She is a fair grader, and she is always there to help. She responds to emails frequently, she's great! 3
5.0 : Dr, Raisch is an AMAZING professor!! Her class is beyond interesting, and she makes learning so much fun! You have to do some journals, a group project, and a midterm and final paper, and that seems like a lot, but honestly it is so fun. I would recommend this class to anyone in  heartbeat!!
5.0 : What an amazing professor. She is seriously so caring and kind and made class fun everyday. One of my favorite classes to go to. Easy A but so so much fun with her as a teacher.
4.0 : SHE'S SO NICE. FAVORITE PROFESSOR
4.5 : A ton of online assignments, but definitely easy points. Lecture was boring but reviews the exact test beforehand. Easy A as long as you do your work online
5.0 : Dr. Ralph is so intelligent and really cares about his students. He'll never talk down to you and you're always free to ask questions. EE is hard but if you do all the homework , go to class, and give it a good effort you'll be fine and learn a lot!
4.5 : Great professor. Really passionate about what he's teaching and gives out extra credit whenever someone volunteers. He will always clarify you have a question. For every exam, including the final, he passed out a practice exam to do and then when over it in the next class. Would definitely recommend taking his class.
4.5 : The class was easy and Assignments were pretty standard and  he is a basket of extra credit.
4.0 : Professor Oyini-Mbouna was a great teacher for this class. He has an accent that makes him hard to understand at some points but I definitely got used to it. This course was not easy and did take a lot of studying, but he gives out multiple extra credit points every class for participation. I loved this class!
5.0 : he's really really cool, i like his grading. he's ready to listen to yur comments or questions.
3.5 : Dr. Ralph is a great Professor and really goes above an beyond for his students. He only grades quizzes and exams, which makes it difficult to keep a high grade average if you are struggling in the class. Keep in mind that his labs are ridiculously long and time consuming. My cumulative GPA dropped because of the time I needed to spend on his labs
5.0 : Amazing professor!
5.0 : Darla is probably one of the nicest and most genuine professors I have had the privilege of having. She assigns a fair amount of reading and it has to be annotated (she'll check so beware) but all of her discussions and activities that she has are interesting and unique. If you put in the effort to pass her class she will help as much as she can.
5.0 : Wonderful Person! Great teacher! Would absolutely take again.
5.0 : Professor Himeles is very much there for her students and provides good feedback on the 3 required papers. If you show her that you're genuinely trying to succeed in her class and not just trying to get by she will go above and beyond to help you pass. A lot of readings though, &amp; they must be annotated (she checks) Really tries to engage the class.
5.0 : Im not a big fan of English but, I loved this class. Prof D always made class fun and entertaining for everyone. There are long reading assignments and somedays we had two-three readings due each class. But other than that, she is very wonderful and enjoyable and a good professor to take for English 0802.
5.0 : Darla is one of the most considerate and intelligent professors I've ever had. I was in her first graphic memoir class, and she made it a legitimately interesting and engaging class. You're gonna read like 9 books but they're easy reads so just do it. Don't abuse the five excused absences tho. She will RUIN you over an unexcused absence
5.0 : My experience with Darla was amazing. She is very sympathetic and is very encouraging. She is "real"and tells you exactly what you need work on. All you have to do is stay on top of the readings and you don't need a textbook.  The atmosphere in her class makes you want to participate. Definitely a go to professor.
5.0 : Being that it's an English class, it's not the most riveting material and work you'll ever do. However, Darla does an awesome job of making a great atmosphere and a personalized class. Some topics are interesting. There are three main papers you have to write, and Darla does a great job giving feedback and helping students. Genuine person.
4.5 : Good Professor
5.0 : Easy Class. Good professor
4.5 : He is alright.
4.5 : Izzet is a great guy. His lectures need a bit of work because they are not too engaging but overall he taught a good class. He expects a lot from you but it's worth it in the end.
4.5 : Great professor!  and does his best to help you pass but you have to be willing to help yourself as well
5.0 : Took MGMT 4650 online and except 2 or 3 quizzes with capstone. Most of the projects are done in your assigned group by the professor on blackboard. You have to coordinate with your group and decide which part of the assignment you want to complete. Guarantee A in this class &amp; extra credits Plus point: quick in replying back student text messages
5.0 : Dr. Darendeli provides a positive, engaging classroom atmosphere and is accessible and responsive to his students. He acknowledges students questions and responses with professionalism and respect. The course content is comprehensible and succinct. Engaging assignments provide an applicable vehicle for exercising and comprehending course concepts.
5.0 : I really enjoyed the class, especially the interactive teachings
5.0 : By far the BEST teacher I have every had. Very interesting and very engaging! I learned so much.  He's inspiring, motivational, caring, and an all around great guy. He really wants his students to do well and succeed! Not many professors get standing ovation at the end of the semester!
5.0 : Best Professor EVER! I told him that when the semester was over too, haha! Everyone should take him - great lectures, always open for office hours, uses real world examples to teach. He's the man!
5.0 : Good Lectures, very Helpful. Good informative lectures for the future. Real world examples.
4.5 : For a guy who teaches a boring subject, he keeps you interested
4.5 : The class is interesting if you read the cases and participate. He will commonly play devil's advocate in response to your answerproblems for each case study. He doesn't focus on grades; he focuses on critical thinking
4.5 : great professor, great knowledge of subject
5.0 : I personally loved Professor Darendeli. He really makes you work hard for your grade but it's so worth it. If you need help just go to his office hours and he tells you what you need to do. Don't fall behind, it's easy to get lost and behind. Stay on top of work.
5.0 : You are in college to learn, and that is what you will do in his classes. He is genuine, cares about your success in class, in college, in life. You actually want to attend his classes, and you actually learn. You learn skills that you will use in your career, not just those that help you pass a test. Dr. Darendeli is what all profs should be!
5.0 : First time I rate a professor.  We actually decided as class to rate him because there aren't many professor that care about their students the way he does and teach the way he does. Well deserved rating.
4.5 : He was a good Professor.
5.0 : Good Professor. I would take him again.
4.0 : Dr. Bricker genuinely cares about each students success in the class. There are many opportunities to help your grade other than just tests. With that being said, it is a difficult course with very hard tests.
3.0 : I can write a whole essay about Dr. Bricker and Microbiology. To keep it simple, tests are impossible, lab quizzes are impossible even though I study ahead. This was the hardest class I have taken and studied the most and still failing, all I can do is pray!
5.0 : obviously it's a hard class and you have to study but bricked is approachable and nice. she's smart and passionate about what she teaches but she has to go fast to get the material in. people may complain because the course is hard but she did the best job she could have done teaching this course &amp; was always ready to help. the project was fun, too
5.0 : GOOD
5.0 : Great mosiacs professor! Only had 3 paper and a few blackboard assignments. Would highly recommend. Easy A
5.0 : Professor Mislin is a very kind and fun teacher. He makes Mosaics a very interesting class. Class is not difficult at all. Just make sure you read and participate and you will get an A. He will help you on essays, give you ideas and will help you with extensions.
5.0 : Really great, teacher super interested in the topic he teaches and helps class discussions along if the discussion has died down. over all really good professor and tries to make it as simple and fun as possible. Also only tells you to buy the books you need.
5.0 : David treats the students like adults, and allows the conversation to flow into whatever you feel is important (provided it's somewhat on topic).  There are kinda big papers (10 pager as a final) but he's a good grader and provides clear feedback.  Overall, he is just a kind and down to earth individual, one of the best teachers I ever had.
5.0 : Absolutely loved David! I am in his class for Mosaics 1 currently and I've already made my schedule with him for Mosaics 2 in the fall. He's a great guy and a great teacher. Cares about what students think and doesn't expect us to be perfect. Helpful understanding the horrible books we have to read and makes them worthwhile. TAKE HIM.
4.5 : I read two of the books the entire semester and easily got an A on all the papers that were about books I've never read. He really cares about the students and wants to make it the best class for your enjoyment.
5.0 : Such a sweetie! He wants everyone to succeed and get an A. Just put in a little work or make it appear as though you read and you are good. Make sure you go to class and participate. Lectures are a little boring but overall you can not go wrong with Mislin!
5.0 : David was amazing. He clearly cared about the subject material and was a really engaging and encouraging professor. He was also funny and encouraged thoughtful discussion. Our class had a really good relationship because that was the community he fostered. There is also a very relaxed attendance policy. TAKE HIS CLASS. You will not regret it!
5.0 : he's one of the best mosaics professors at temple. he's  understanding, his class is interesting, and he's a super easy grader. everything you could want from a good mosaics professor. take his class - i guarantee you won't regret it
5.0 : One of the best Mosaics professors out there, take him if you can. Facilitates great class discussion, and the readings are diverse and interesting. 4 papers but 2 are very short, and discussion board posts are for completion points. No tests.
4.5 : No tests, a few essays, generous grader.
5.0 : Amazing professor! I had no interest in English before this class, and Dave helped me become more engaged in reading and a better overall writer. He gives great feedback on the essays and there are no pop quizzes or any quizzes for that matter. Take him if you can!
5.0 : David Mislin is the cutest nugget I have ever seen. He is the nicest professor you will ever meet and also the easiest grader. 10/10 recommend
5.0 : He is a very kind nice professor ever! He is an easy grader but you must participate in class! He loves to teach knows his stuff extremely well and the book reading are very interesting. Class passes by fast. Best professor!
5.0 : David Mislin is an excellent professor. I would highly recommend taking him if you have the opportunity.
4.5 : I came into class expecting a lot of readings and papers. It might seem intimating that the only grades are the three papers and participation but it really isn't. He is a great grader who provides feedback on every paper to ensure you won't make the same mistakes. Would take him again for Mosaics II if it wasn't at 8 AM in the morning.
5.0 : David is a genuinely great guy. His class isn't too difficult; all you gotta do is put in the work which isn't overbearing.
5.0 : very easy grader and he wants you to learn how to understand over how to write. he has a very laid back class.
5.0 : I had him for mosaic I and II, really nice guy and keeps the class interesting.
5.0 : David is awesome.  Overall he's really laid back. 4 easy papers, no tests, no quizzes, and best of all no cold calling. If you don't want to talk he won't force you to, he even offers study sessions for participation points. Super funny and easy to get along with. Class was really interesting too. I wish I could take him for Mosaics 2!
5.0 : Mislin is a great guy. He's very approachable, and extremely helpful. If you go into his office hours and have him look over your essay, it almost guarantees you an A. He gives very good feedback. He's good at leading discussions, although the book choices aren't always the best (not that he has any say in that). Overall, highly recommended!
4.5 : David was a good introduction into the Mosaics courses. He allowed us to almost entirely direct discussion, only interrupting when he feels that we were straying too far off topic. Aside from that, he's incredibly clear about what he expects from the essays, and participation is easy enough if you read the assigned section (around 40 pages).
4.5 : Dave felt at times like a classmate -- in the best way possible. He participated in the discussions he fostered with a mostly light hand, only interfering when the conversations swerved widly off topic (a common occurance) or with an intersting tidbit. It was an excellent introduction to Mosaics. #theBookofFrank
5.0 : David was a top notch professor. He always had interesting discussion questions. He let the class wander in discussion and form their own ideas. Papers were interesting and actually fun to write. Easy grader. Helpful in office hours and was always trying to help make the class even better. You will not regret taking his class at all
5.0 : Very nice teacher. no quizzes and no cold calling. EXTREMELY EASY GRADER!!!! I completely BSed my papers and got Bs and As
5.0 : Doesn't take attendance which was great for an 8 am. He also will not call on you if you don't raise your hand. Great professor - very clear of what he expected. If you need help - go to his office hours or email him. Only 1 quiz and 2 papers + participation. Would definitely recommend and take again !
5.0 : She is a very good teacher!!
3.5 : Over the course of the semester I went to her office hours a few times. She was often very helpful. She was difficult in class and I think a lot of the students did not take the subject seriously. Only criticism - she moved too quickly. Overall one of my favorite professors. She really listened to the students concerns and issues about the class
3.0 : He doesn't go over the book much, he talks about the industry and there are  many guest speakers. But the tests are straight from the book. So read the chapters twice and if you don't understand, ask him - He'll explain. Other than that there like 5 random hw assignments and 1 group project. overall easy, but hes a tough grader - dont make mistakes
5.0 : This class is a little corny and cheesy, but David means well, and you actually learn some interesting stuff, such as the difference between perception, and intention. It is an easy A. Turn in all the work, and you'll get an A. Midterm is an online test (swag), and final is a mock interview. Cake class + Cool Proff  take Dave.
4.0 : As someone with a very low interest in media planning, Professor Thompson made the class more enjoyable than I thought it would ever be. He is super nice and tries to engage the class as much as possible and is always up for discussions. Quizzes were super easy as he sent you exactly what questions would be asked. Did assign group work.
4.5 : He's funny and he has a lot of insight into the industry.
4.5 : Great Professor! It's very evident that Prof Thompson wants to help his students as much as he can. Will answer all of your questions without babying you or holding your hand - expects you to work hard and be actively engaged in the class. His real life experiences were extremely helpful and motivating. Read and study for the quizzes!
4.5 : Professor Timmons is one of the best Social Work Teachers at Temple University. She is very encourage and open minded. Loved this class so much.
5.0 : I love this class.
5.0 : I had her for an 8am and  i couldn't have made it through the course unless she was my professor. She's engaging and energetic and has a wealth of information to share about the field. Would HIGHLY recommend. There were weekly quizzes that were simple as long as you read the textbook, so read. Major assignments were infrequent and not too difficult
5.0 : Jessie is the best professor I have ever had, ever. She is super nice and helps you out because she cares about you as a human being. Her work ethic and organization is so helpful to learning. I learned more in her class than I have in other classes. TAKE HER!!
4.5 : Jessie is a very laid back person, but expects to see you participate in her class. She's by far my favorite professor in my college experience and I would love to have her as a professor again.
5.0 : Jessie rocks, she's the best professor I've had at Temple. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5.0 : Professor Timmons is one of the best social wrk teachers at temple. she is very clear on assignments and gives great feedback. She shares great stories of her experience in the field. She made communications in Social work fun.
5.0 : Awsome
5.0 : Man he's the best ever!  I which he taught undergrad.
5.0 : Explains material well in class and sometimes we worked on problems with partners and etc. He wants to know all his students. Quizzes every week, but that's the entire department.
4.5 : Really great teacher that cares about what hes talking about. favorite class that semester for sure. passionate about film and very knowledgeable.
4.5 : I love that he actually talks to students he takes the time to help you and very helpful and understanding would recommend him very much. do your work come to class and you have a passing grade.
5.0 : Such a cool dude. He basically let us help him create our syllabus for the class + let us choose whether we wanted to work alone or in groups. Lots of assignments (usually something due every week) but they're actually kind of fun to do! For a Philly Neighborhoods pre-req, it's pretty easy if you know how computers work. Young + really cute too.
5.0 : Incredibly nice and gives great feedback. Let us have a say in what we learned and was trying to make the class more interesting for us. He's really good looking so it makes going to class easier but you will definitely learn more about being a journalist in today's world and you'll actually want to attend.
5.0 : Great teacher really cares about his class and helps his students. He's younger so he understands the student grind. Takes time to make sure you know whats going on and honestly truly cares about his students.
5.0 : Firstly, she prefers to be called by her first name, Clara (that's cool)! She is very funny, and knows what she is talking about. She does give group projects which suck, but as long as you do your part she will grade you accordingly.  I have her for this upcoming semester in another course and I am looking forward to it.
5.0 : Taught this course very well. Few outside assignments, along  with 2 exams and a presentation.  Fast grader. Gives great feedback and allows an opportunity to fix work if you did not do so well on assignments. Offers extra credit. Teaches mainly from powerpoints and there is a lot of reading. Final exam was only worth 10% of grade.
5.0 : Wide variety of assignments but they are easy if you show up and pay attention in class. She gives really good feedback on assignments and tells you what to fix for your final portfolio. Very nice Professor.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had! Classes are always fun, interesting and engaging. Assignments are well thought out and push students to be creative in unique ways. Highly recommend taking any of his classes.
5.0 : Very funny! Does not give exams. You have to read a lot and do a blog every week. There is a group presentation and paper at the end but is pretty straight forward. Attendance is a big part of your grade. Show up prepared, do the work and it's an easy A.
5.0 : Class was very interesting. There is a lot of reading but as long as you keep up on the material and do the work you will be fine in the class. He does not give tests and the final is a group presentation but you get to pick your movement to focus on. Attendance matters a lot. He has a goodfunny approach to teaching.
4.5 : Malek was one of my easiest classes thus far. there is a lot of reading to do along wit homework but I guarantee you that it's not hard at all. as long as you pay attention and do the work you'll pass this class easily.
4.0 : The english class he teach is really easy, just do the reading and finish the paper on time and you will got a really good game. he is a really nice guy and really helps you about your paper.
5.0 : Natasha was a fantastic teacher, especially for the mundane world of Mosaics. She made it fun, lively, and interesting, not to mention I actually learned from her. You have to do your share of the work, but its only 5 short papers throughout the semester. Definitely a must take for Mosaics 1.
5.0 : Natasha is easily one of the best professors or teachers I have ever had. She gives these Reading Notes assignments which are a lot of work, but she allows you to skip three per semester and doesn't grade them harshly. The class is really discussion heavy, not just about the texts but about real world connections. I absolutely loved her class
4.0 : Natasha was a great professor. I really liked her because she made sure all sides of an issue were brought up and made you understand other sides. At Temple I think that many professors teach one sided which is fine but it was good to explore the other options. There are a lot of reading notes though but only one paper. Definitely would take again!
5.0 : Class is based totally on discussion. No tests and only one paper. You have Reading Notes due once a week, but you're allowed to skip three sets of them, and she doesn't grade them very harshly. Discussions are REALLY interesting, and she brings up very interesting viewpoints on the text. Take her class if you want to learn and can work a little.
3.0 : The class mainly consists of reading. You will read at least 6 books during the course. The worst part of the class was probably the reading notes. They were due twice a week, and required a lot of time and effort to complete. Other than that, there is a paper and final project. All in all not too bad
5.0 : Natasha Rossi is a wonderful professor. She really tries engaging students. With Mosaic classes, it's either hit or miss. Take Natasha Rossi if you want a professor that actually cares and the work is easy and not that difficult. Requires a lot of reading, but that's the case with all Mosaic classes.
2.0 : If you're taking Mosaic II online, avoid Natasha at all cost. Very inflexible considering it's online. I expected Discussion Boards, but she made us do VoiceThreads and didn't want us to repeat others... 25 students, Liberal school, same books - we're all going to have similar responses. Grades harsh on opinion based questions. Can't work ahead.
4.0 : Natasha is a great option for Mosaics. It's and awful subject but she was bearable. She says she grades participation and attendance but is very relaxed if you miss a class here or there. Assigns big chucks of reading but no quizzes or tests. Decently tough grader on the long papers but she will help you get started.
4.5 : Mosaics II isn't everyone's idea of an exciting class, but Natasha makes it just that. Plus, she really goes out of her way to connect with her students, and is evidently passionate about what she does. Wish I had taken her for Mosaics I.
1.0 : I took Natasha for online mosaics II and would not recommend taking this course to anyone online with her. She has not graded assignments that were due over two months ago and is not easily accessible through email or office hours. It takes her over a week to respond to emails. She is a tough grader as well for the number of assignments given.
3.5 : Her first time teaching a semester with over 120 students.  She still handled the demands fairly well.  She is clearly inspired by teaching and is knowledgeable of all the material.  Non-stop reading since it is a Mosaics class.  It's not that bad at all, though.  Analyzing of and introduction to diverse viewpoints.
5.0 : Mosaics is an awful requirement, but Natasha actually made it bearable. Her class discussions were interesting, and she explained the readings very well. She's a tough grader, but her Hopefully you're lucky enough to get her as your Mosaics professor, I've heard other professors are very bad.
5.0 : She tried to provoke debate rather than give lectures. Fun class, wish i could get her for mosaics 2
5.0 : No essays, but reading notes are due every week (and they take a while)! This class is dicussion based and I learned so much about humanity and diversity. Pro. Rossi is amazing, definitely my favorite of semester. Definitely recommend if you want to learn, but just get ready to read.
5.0 : I loved this class!!!! Easily my favorite class in my time at Temple. He's a great professor who gives interesting and relevant assignments. He is really prepared and organized. Very helpful and engaging. TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : I got to know more people, and was more comfortable in this class than any others. Jameel is a great guy. The assignments were all straight forward. Tests were a breeze if you read the book, and even if you don't they are still pretty easy. A lot of laughs, clarity, and a real easy going vibe made this class great, and it was his first one
5.0 : Must be the most interesting night class I've ever had! He is a really great teacher and he is really caring. Exams are not really difficult and homeworks are fun.  Powerpoints and textbooks are helpful to your exams, focus on them. TAKE HIM!!!
5.0 : Great professor.  His lectures are top notch. Tons of good info.  Do the assignments and prepare for the test and you will do fine.  Jameel makes the lectures interesting by getting everyone involved and you actually enjoy going to his class. If want to do good on tests, need book to study, take notes from. He is best HRM instructor without doubt.
5.0 : Jameel is such a great guy. By far my favorite professor at Temple. Extremely nice and is really funny. Participation matters. Take him for an easy A.
5.0 : Mr. Rush is an amazzingg professor and an overall great guy. Had him for HRM from 5:30-8pm on Tuesday nights. As brutal as it seems, the class went by really fast; he frequently cracked the funniest jokes, a lot of small group work, interactive class, only 4 hw&amp;exams each. Put in enough effort in the hw, you should pass even if you fail the exam.
4.5 : He is a great professor and a caring individual  . Temple should hire him full time. I could keep going on about how awesome is class is . Do yourself a favor Temple University.. Keep him around !! Too many professors don't care about the students.
5.0 : Dr. Rush was a very well mannered and respectful professor that provides insight in the organization in regards to business decision making processes and how to approach employees and he speaks about the four tiers of types of employee,. overall we get a decent amount of homework but he is very clear and he will help you too. He's also hilarious!!
5.0 : Amazing!! Professor Rush was an amazing teacher one of my favorites by far. He made the class fun by having activities and small group work. I had him on Tuesday nights from 5:30-8 he made the class fly by. There are 4 homework assignment/exams that get easier with each one. If you have the chance to take his class do it you won't regret it.
5.0 : Really awesome professor, by far the best I've had at Temple. He uses a lot of real world examples and from his workplace to put things into perspective. He loves to have fun but really makes the class interesting. The tests are a little tough because they're straight out of the text when the class is more lecture based. Loved him and this class!
5.0 : He was amazing. It was his first class ever and he handled it like a pro. this was a night class in center city and he knew most of us didn't want to be there. He is a little slow with emails but that is because he has a day time job. Best professor ever, makes the class want to participate and study. Would definitely take him again
5.0 : He was an amazing teacher, he always listened to what the class had to say and was responsive in the best way possible.  It was his first class ever and he completely nailed it.  The class was a night class in center city so many of us were reluctant to go but he engaged us with activities and it was always something new and interesting to learn.
5.0 : very engaging class, the lecturer played a major role in making this a very fun class. highly recommended.
4.5 : Doesn't take attendance but it will go against your participation grade if you don't go to class. Laid back class where you get to really know who is in your class with activities. Definitely a night class where you will not fall asleep during it.
4.0 : Great teacher. She really cares about students. Attendance isn't taken but there are 10 in-class activities that are given randomly. Lecture powerpoints are not online at all so you have to attend class. There were only 2 tests &amp; the final was like a third exam. There is a final analysis paper due at the end with a short presentation on your paper.
5.0 : Professor Mayes is very organized when it comes to her lectures. She provides information on the power point slides that are crucial to my understanding to the course. She is fair when she grades and gives extra credit if students are willing to work for it. Mayes is a genuine teacher that shows she cares about her students learning and she's funny
5.0 : Professor Mayes is awesome! She is well prepared for basically everything. She gave us a group project to do, a couple of papers, and like a few quizes. She is funny at times, but when it comes to classwork its down to business. Just do it and you'll be fine. This course is reading heavy so be prepared. Besides that, she's great!
4.0 : She makes lectures more interesting which is always a plus! Has so much energy and you can tell she is passionate about the material she is teaching. Professor Mayes has a great sense of humor! Make sure you keep up with your assignments, if you fail it is only due to not doing any readings or paying attention during class lectures.
5.0 : I've had her for Nature of Crime and Race &amp; CJ and she has been one of my favorite professors at Temple ever. She's kind, caring, and knowledgeable of the topic she teaches. Fair graders and is clear of what she expects from you. I hope becomes a full time professor at Temple if not elsewhere. She's is and going to be a great professor &amp; scholar.
4.0 : I really enjoyed this class. She's very easy to pass not unless you don't do your work or show up. There are readings to do but they're not crucial. I love her style of teaching. and attendance is mandatory. no text books/ 3 quizzes/ and a group project (not intense neither). and she offers extra credits to those that needs it.
5.0 : Prof. Mayes is great! She makes the material engaging and fun, and as long as you show up and do your work you should have no problems in the class. She is accessible outside of class times as well, and even though she may seem "fast" at first, you get used to it and you learn a ton of information.
5.0 : VERY Helpful. We had a terrible professor before prof Wang took over and save the day. My grades just gotten a lot better since she came in. I like the practice exams that she gave. they were very helpful for the exam.
5.0 : Loved professor Harmon! you have weekly quizzes on the chapter but they are quite simple, I usually skim the chapter 10 mins before the class and I always got an A; also because she gives an extra 2 points opp. for every single quiz.  she's funny &amp; helpful, midterm and final were cake, she gave specific outlines, and made class fun! you can miss 4c
5.0 : Prof Harmon was an amazing teacher. She gives a quiz every week on one or two chapters and they are extremely easy. The midterm and final were also really easy (got 100 on both). She is also one of the funniest professors I've had and the class discussions are interesting. She also ended class like 3o mins early every time.
5.0 : I loved this class and Professor Harmon. Such an easy class. Weekly quizzes but as long as you read or at least skim you'll get 100%. Only 2 tests, midterm and a noncumulative final. Lectures are awesome because she makes it like a conversation. Super interesting topics because it relates to everyone's life.  Would definitely take again.
5.0 : I love love love professor Harmon. She is so awesome and hilarious, I literally would laugh so hard every class. I learned so much more than I expected and she was so open that people would discuss extremely personal stories which I thought was cool but I could see how it could make some people uncomfortable. Overall it was a great class and easy
2.0 : This class was kind of a nightmare. I thought we were going to spend time learning about the largest sexual organ, the brain, and how it affects our sexual needs and opinions, but it just seemed like she was trying to teach the class how to have good sex. She teaches with no sense of privacy and its really discomforting. Easy class but YUCK
4.0 : It was an easy A. As long as you show up most of the time and know most of your lines and look like you're interested you should get an A or high B. He offers extra credit if the class needs it
5.0 : He is a great professor and know's his stuff about scuba diving. He is a certification instructor at Dutch Springs and will teach you everything you need to know. If you miss 2 classes you can't get your certification but it's important cause it is life and death if you mess up scuba in real life. Definitely worth it.
4.5 : Instructor Cohen is awesome! Textbook isn't needed. You are required to do 3 response papers in which you choose the question from 3 options as well as weekly discussion board posts. There are 4 classes a week at various times, but only 2 are required. I would definitely take Instructor Cohen again!
5.0 : Ms. Blake was awesome! She wants everyone to succeed but won't just give you an A. Her goal is to prepare you for the real world through real life experiences she's had, advice, and holding you to high standards. If you are the type of person to get things done ahead of time she will review it and give you feedback to make it better before grading.
4.5 : Professor Blake is the kind you want to take over and  over again. She is a current teacher so she'll teach you what's required and then show you how to use it in a real classroom. She is really supportive, and spells everything out for you. She definitely isn't an easy professor but she gives really good feedback and let's you submit things again.
4.0 : If your good at math, he is super easy, if not, you might have a problem. He is there to answer questions and he is very helpful during office hours. His lectures are okay, but the textbook has better explanations at times. He can sometimes go really fast, but askimg questions a lot will help u pass.
4.0 : Very clear in lecture which is important for Calc II. You can ask anything and he'll help. Just make sure you pay attention enough to know what go ask. Also do all the homework and even unassigned practice problems from the book. They help.
4.0 : One of the better Calc 2 teachers, the he may not be interesting when teaching, but he provides clear explanations and is very lenient on quiz grading most of the time. The course itself is still very hard, so he's not an easy A for Calc 2. However he wont screw you over from getting a good grade in Calc 2 and has  office hours if you need it.
5.0 : Any math class at temple is hard because you only have two exams and a final, but Zhou Dong  knows the material inside and out and is an excellent teacher. You can ask anything in class, with no judgement.  Do all the homework problems, webassign, and the review problems multiple times before an exam and you'll be fine.
4.5 : He broke the printer with cream cheese which cause him to be late to class. 1010, would take again.
3.5 : She is super intelligent, so she has high standards for her students. Be warned- tests are really tough, but she worked with us. She gave us either a curve for our midterm or a chance to rewrite our short answers to regain points. She gave us extra credit opportunities and you get points just for showing up. The epitome of beauty and brains!
4.0 : She was a very good teacher but i just simply struggled with the subject. If you like statistics then definitely take her for Quantitative Methods because she did a really good job trying to make sure you understood the material and the labs.
4.5 : Dr. Thakar is fairly new to Temple but she is a gem. She's one of the smartest people I have ever met, total genius, and without a doubt the kindest. Always around for office hours, will work with you extensively, but expects you to put in as much effort as she does. Make sure you're up to date with the reading before you come in to office hours!
4.5 : Though Dr. Thakar's course material can be difficult to comprehend at times, she constantly is making sure that none of her students are getting left behind. Multiple times throughout the semester, Heather asked for feedback and adjusted the syllabus accordingly. She's a wonderful teacher while also being a very understanding individual.
4.5 : Ok, I was going to wait till the end of the Semester to write this but since people will be registering for classes and I want to give him a score that will make look like the respectable teacher he is. Prof Elliot is a great teacher. Clear-cut on grading, easy 1-2 page double spaced papers for hmwk. Does his best to make topics interesting.
5.0 : Professor Elliot is great. I wish I had him for Mosaic's 1. He expects the readings to be done, assigns little group work here and there, but overall his quizzes and exams are very easy and he is a pretty fair grader. If you don't participate that as much it does get him mad. Overall though he was great and you will learn something in his class.
5.0 : Professor Elliott is the best. He is passionate about what he teaches and really cares about his students. Class is full of interesting discussion and the books he required for mosaics 2 were all good. No tests, just papers and participation and a few group projects. Overall a really enjoyable and fairly easy class.
4.0 : Easy class, had a good time. Easy going on grades, will let you make up things you've missed. If you're looking for an easy A, pick Prof Elliot!
4.0 : He's a good teacher and an easy A. Just a few papers that are scattered through the year so its not bad. He sets forth his expectations so you're never blind sided with work. He makes you work a lot in a group which can lead to trouble, but I actually learned a lot in his class!!
4.5 : Professor Elliot was one of the best teachers I've had at temple so far.  He was helpful and kept class interesting even though it was mosaics.  He was especially helpful and understanding when my friend unexpectedly passed away two days before finals.  Professor Elliott gave me the extra time I needed and it really mean't a lot. Awesome teacher.
5.0 : TAKE HIM AS YOUR MOSAICS PROFESSOR. Very easy going guy, there are 5 essays and he makes you only choose 3. Participation matters, so participate for credit. No exams, just essays and couple of group projects.
1.0 : Lets his ego get in the way of teaching and grading. Passionate about the course, but extremely condescending and rude. Has good study guides. Would never take again. He's doing Mosaics next semester, I would avoid him at all costs if possible.
4.5 : Don't listen to that kid who down prof Elliot. He is super helpful and sweet!
5.0 : Jonathan is one of the best professors I've had at Temple. He is extremely caring and goes out of his way to ensure that you understand everything and don't miss anything due to the language barrier. He is always available to answer ASL-related questions and he always responds to emails. Easy class if you keep up!!!
5.0 : He is the best professor/teacher I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. I took him for ASL I and plan to take him for ASL II. His class is COMPLETELY ASL based with no talking, but he is patient and so so helpful. I recommend him to everyone I know! Amazing man and teacher.
5.0 : Jonathan is by far the best professor I've had at Temple. So sweet and notices students who try hard. He is lenient with grading and the tests aren't hard. I learned so much in ASL and can't wait to take him again next semester.
5.0 : His ASL class is amazing! I learned so much &amp; can now sign more than I thought I would be able to! His exams are mostly receptive and if you attend every class &amp; do the homework you will do fine! 2 video projects that take a while, 3 easy papers and lots of homework. An amazing class and professor! The book is necessary! You should take him!!!
4.5 : For Religion in the World there was 1 textbook (less than $20) and that was it. He can be a hard grader, but gives a lot of opportunities and help to do better (study guides, office visits, extra credit) You can miss the max. amount of days. Really nice guy and it's hard to not pass!
5.0 : You would literally need to try to NOT pass this class. There were small prompts every week that we had to answer on his website, but he gives the answers during lectures and posts the slides on his website. I missed a few journals here and there and emailed him about it, and he let me submit them all at the end and gave me 100s for them still.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I have ever had! He cares about his students a lot!
5.0 : Easiest class I had to take. We had to listen to presentations by various companies, which I enjoyed a lot. His exams/midterms were so easy if you paid attention to the presentations. They were literally 10-12 questions! He is so caring that he extended the due date for the midterm bc a lot of people missed it. No final exam/paper whatsoever.
5.0 : Easiest class for IS&amp;T out there. I enjoyed the lectures, he gave great feedback, makes sure you understand the information and will be more than happy to explain things to the best of his ability. Worth the time to take the class!
4.5 : Nice professor, very knowledgable about the materials, fairly easy if you put in the work. It's an intro course so he doesn't expect much from students. Take him if you could.
4.5 : Hands down, the best professor at Temple. Care about students, but not easy. Work for it and you will be rewarded generously.
4.5 : I took him for "Civil Engineering Materials."he cares that you understand the material, but his tests are somehow challenging and hard. However, allows you to correct the exam for half the points back since everyone did not do well. I remember the highest grade on the midterm was 82%. Not an easy A.
4.0 : Dr. Faheem is a really good guy. You can tell he cares about his students, which is refreshing here at Temple Engineering. HW &amp; Tests are detached and much more difficult than the lectures he teaches. Allows test corrections for up to 50% credit back.  This class isn't the easy A it once was, but apply yourself and you stand a chance.
4.0 : He really made the course worthwhile. Put a lot of thought into what was being taught and conveyed the information well, while sticking to very high standards.
5.0 : Klapper is pretty awkward, but he does an excellent job explaining material and overall is a really really great guy. He doesn't expect anything crazy from students, but you MUST do the homework if you want to pass his quizzes (it only takes an hour a week so just do it).  If I had the chance I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : If you're offered a class with Klapper, take it with Klapper. 'Nuff said.
4.5 : He is very kind. He explains clearly. Give quizzes. I need to read the materials beforehand though because he teaches very fast. But overall, a good lecturer.
3.5 : Had him for Religion in the World. The class was MWF for 50 minutes and I'd skip every third or fourth class. He puts his notes online after class.   No quizzes or tests. Just some easy papers, an easy presentation and an easy final. Sometimes boring but he's a smart dude who is passionate about his teaching. Wants you to learn. Take him!
3.5 : Initially I hated this class because it's a lot of reading for a GenEd and you have to write 4 papers even though they're short but he grades really easy, gives an extra credit opportunity, and he's pretty nice about his feedback. I still think it's too much work for a GenEd, and he never answers my e-mails when I need help but he's a cool guy.
5.0 : Relwan is truly an amazing teacher! He keeps the class interesting with watching videos and discussion on current events. Literally show up (for a few pop quizzes) and do your work (five short one page papers) and you will seriously be more than fine. Overall, he is an easy going teacher who genuinely cares about his students!
5.0 : Michelle is wonderful in every way. So considerate and kind and the hands down best professor and teacher I have ever had.
4.5 : One of the few professors I have encountered that not only truly cares about how well you perform in the class but how much you have learned and if you enjoyed yourself. She gives feedback that is actually detailed and helpful and returns assignments QUICKLY. Would definitely recommend her
5.0 : Michelle always provides great feedback on assignments. She grades everything very quickly and is always available via email or office hours to answer any questions or concerns. She really cares about her students. I could not have asked for a better professor.
5.0 : I can't say enough good things about Michelle. I've taken her for multiple classes. She can be a tough grader at times but she really wants the best for her students and is there to help you if you need it. She keeps you engaged during class, responds to emails quickly and gives really helpful feedback for assignments. Take her for anything you can
5.0 : Michelle is an amazing professor and public health professional. They way she is on top of things and always thinking ahead for her students in order for them to truly succeed has personally made me much more excited to pursue my career and goals in the PH field. She gives great feedback and is there for her students in any way they feel they need
5.0 : I was dreading taking grant writing and health education but Michelle made it so much better than expected. I genuinely loved going to both classes. She makes lectures interesting, grades fast and gives good feedback. Stay on top of the work &amp; you'll be fine &amp; learn a lot. I'm looking forward to taking more classes with her next semester.
5.0 : My favorite in Temple's public health program, I have had her 3 times and she never disappoints.  Her assignments are always clear an if you have any questions she has no problem answering, she is always available via email.  She gives a lot of assignments but they aren't to hard. she puts a lot on attendance and participation so make sure you go.
3.5 : She is always there for her students but won't tolerate any disrespectfulness (texting, coming in late, etc.) Never took a single note in lecture, all common sense. Tests and assignments are cake. Easy A. Mandatory attendance. Only buy the four year nursing bundle, don't buy the extra books listed. We never needed them.
5.0 : Dr. Stephens is such a great lady. She is very passionate about her field and loves sharing all of her knowledge with students. Even though she is teaching an introductory course, she still treats it as though it is just as important as a tough, advanced course. She is wonderful and I had a great time with her both in the classroom and at clinical!
5.0 : Dr. Stephens is a true gem. She's always in a good mood and tries to share her positive vibes and optimism with her students. I enjoyed most of her lectures and clinicals were fun with her too. Her class is easy but you need to study. The tests are tricky so pay attention to all the ppts and lectures. She's an overall great person and professor
5.0 : One of the best instructors I have ever had! Honestly the most compassionate down to earth teacher. She really wants to help her students, but you really have to make sure you WANT to work.  I think she appreciates passion.   If you are reading this Dr. Stephens, thank you so very much for everything.
5.0 : Pay attention in class and go to every class and you will do fine. Dr. Stephens is a great professor with a great personality and a great teaching style. I definitely enjoyed her class and going to clinical sites with her.
4.0 : She's funny with her lecture. Strict sometimes, but is really nice. Just come into class on time and be respectful, you'll be fine. She's overall awesome
5.0 : Professor K really helps me understand math. I wish he would teach Math 118.
5.0 : Great instructor, helpful and cares about students. Class isn't too difficult as long as you show up and put in the work. And it doesn't hurt that she's a total babe.
4.5 : You get what you give with her. The class is easy even though her weekly writing assignments are kinda annoying but it is a writing class. None of the assignments are hard and can be done the day of lol. Her tests are pretty easy if you pay attention. She works in PR so she always gives us day-to-day examples of what she's teaching.
5.0 : I love her! She is so helpful, relates classwork to the "real-world," and makes the material so interesting. Definitely participate, you will learn more and get a better grade because she expects participation. Overall amazing experience in a class and I would recommend her to everyone I know.
5.0 : I want to be Dr. Serpentine when I grow up. She's an SLP, so she really knows her stuff and always has a firsthand example or story to go with each lesson. I loved hearing her opinions on the topics covered and hope that someday I'll know half as much as she does about speech pathology. Overall a great professor, I highly recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Serpentine is the best professor I've had so far at Temple. Coincidentally, this class was also my favorite that I've taken so far. It is writing intensive so you'll have 3 papers throughout the semester but they're all on topics you'll want to write about. Lectures are always interesting and she really knows what she's talking about!
5.0 : He was truly the best professor I ever had! I took this class hoping to get an easy and instead I gained inspiration. He will change your whole outlook on HIVAIDS and you WILL learn so much! He's awesome!
5.0 : Easiest mosaics class ever. He's super friendly, caring, everything positive you could ever think a professor should be. He understands when you can't make class. Late work is accepted for full credit. I barely went to class and got an A.
5.0 : Super chill dude. 9/11 would trip with. Real explosive personality. Can bring the house down.
4.0 : I was in the first class Joshua taught, yet you would have never known. Great teacher! Very helpful with things inside and outside the classroom. Is young so he understands how much other work we have to do, and never assigns much. Highly Recommend.
5.0 : I took Cutts for Mosaics I and he made it a total breeze. I rarely attended class, like RARELY, but I did the homeworks and passed with an A. He is super helpful if you seek it out and makes tough books easy to understand.
5.0 : I took Cutts for Mosaics 1. He is amazing. Such a nice guy and makes boring readings actually interesting. Even though he doesn't really take attendance I believe his classes are worth going to. He's very approachable and very understanding. Wish I could take him for mosaics 2. Do the work its an easy A.
5.0 : Amazing teacher.  If there was a poster for teachers who genuinely care about their students, Mr. Cutts would the featured teacher in that poster.
5.0 : Literally he makes Mosaics a bit more bearable, its still nonsense but he makes it so you don't feel it as much. Funny in that awkward friend kind of way. I mean like its a win win here people. Take him, get an A and talk about some interesting things. Best part of the course is when he talked about wanting a prairie dog farm. HAHA, Cute guy.
5.0 : He is a very thoughtful and great professor, I highly recommend him. You have to read a few texts (they are cheap) but he is very lenient and helpful. Love him!
5.0 : He was very easy to communicate with and get feedback. I really enjoyed his class. He's very approachable. I didn't feel like I was ever bothering him. And I also felt like we were on the same level. He never talked down to me! Just an overall nice guy!
4.0 : He is really nice. His class is pretty easy, with reading not always being actually necessary. He also grants extensions as long as you ask.
5.0 : Joshua is one of the best teachers I've ever had at any level. Super passionate about his lectures but makes the class lots of fun. Readings are easy and you only do a short paper after each one. Super nice guy and an easy grader. Very flexible on due dates and is willing to help. Would highly recommend!
5.0 : He realized that this was just a requirement class and made sure that this wasnt an added stress. Would give great feedback on assignments and was always very nice to everyone. Wish he taught every class in temple.
5.0 : Josh is one of the best professor ever! He is hilarious and always willing to help. Couldn't  make it to every class, so skipped a lot, but he was totally fine with it after I contacted him about it. Also had some cool interesting philosophical convos. If you want a mosaics prof who is not boring but can teach you smth definitely TAKE JOSH!!!
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I've ever had. She is passionate  and sincerely wants to help you learn. She's just a genuinely good person.
5.0 : Great woman.
5.0 : Love her.  Cares about her students and makes class enjoyable.  Only 4 quizzes and a few small projects, fairly easy grader.
5.0 : GREAT TEACHER!!!! Had her for lab and she was funny and she made class fun! She is always there if you need help. Assignments were easy and just one assignment a week! Take her for Spanish!
5.0 : Prof Emma is extrodinary. She is there for you and wants you to pass. Any thing you ask she supports you in helping you understand. Particpatiion matters in this class. Theres labs and she has you do 2 oral stand up w a partner. She is funny and there for you. Really explains thoughourly so you understand. AMAZING I would take her again and again!
2.0 : Easy class if you read the assignments, however Professor Restrepo is very unclear about expectations. She rarely sticks to the syllabus and the work becomes very unorganized. She revises assignments as she goes and makes it confusing as to what is expected.
5.0 : Seriously cares about her students and makes class fun. I've taken her twice (Conversational Review and Composition) and she is honestly one of my favorite people I've ever met. Rearrange your schedule to take her.
4.0 : Anderson is the man. He takes time to go over current events in Finance and tell relevant stories from his career as an analyst. The homeworks and case studies were incredibly difficult, but they prepared me really well for the tests, which I crushed.
4.0 : Loved Anderson!! very helpful in office hours
5.0 : He creates a fun atmosphere in the class that makes it easy and comfortable to do all the acting you do in the class. Easy class with a few short hw assignments along with mandatory essays on two plays in the Philadelphia area that you watched. He's a cheerful guy and spends minimally (usually more than) 15mins giving you feedback on performances
5.0 : Amazing professor!! Would definitely take again. As long as you participate and do the short simple assignments, no reason for you not to do well and get an A in the class.
5.0 : Amazing professor!!! Would definitely take this course again. As long as you participate and complete the short simple assignments, there is no reason not to get an A in this course.
3.5 : He's a good teacher and his classes are an easy A, it's just insanely boring. Some classes you sit there the entire time while someone else acts and don't say a word for the entire hour and 20 minute class. I also feel like he talks just to hear himself talk. I don't think he even knows what point he's trying to get across half the time.
5.0 : He's an amazing instructor. He's funny, caring and gives wonderful feedback. A great class, and an easy A. Only complaint is that attendance is Mandatory... Even if your not practicing or preforming for that day. So you go to sit there and do nothing... Other than that it's a great class to take. Really fun! I wish I could take it again.
4.0 : Great TA.
5.0 : She's great. She teaches multiple courses in the department and really cares about the students. She really enjoys the classes she teaches - she does research in those areas, so you know she knows her stuff.
3.0 : all she does is read off of the slides, and does it too fast that you can't write/type fast enough. not helpful.
3.5 : Dr. Reich is one of my favorite professors at Temple. She seems really tough at first but once you get to know her she's amazing. She's always willing to help so go to her office hours. The class was extremely difficult and a lot of work but it was also 4 credits.
3.5 : Maybe it's simply because Linguistics and Speech Path aren't for me, but these Intro classes will help you determine whether they are for you or not.  Great professor, I just wasn't into the material.  She also expects you to understand it pretty fast since the course is fast-paced.
5.0 : Dr. Reich certainly makes you learn the material, but she is incredibly knowledgeable and her tests are not incredibly difficult. there are a lot of readings and a few stressful presentations, but her experience and expertise in the field makes her worth taking
4.5 : Aaron is an amazing professor. He cares about each student's success. He makes himself very available to everyone and understands a student's side of things. He is very personable and funny while balancing this with a very clear knowledge of his subject. Add to that he is a famous rock star and you cannot go wrong. TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Isaacs is a fantastic dude. I hardly read the textbook. He tells you what information is needed for tests and is a lenient and nice grader. Isaacs wants us all to succeed and do well . show up to class be respectful and you'll do great. Textbook is "required" but i wouldnt say its essential. Attendance counts towards your participation grade.
5.0 : Professor Isaacs really cares about his students and is passionate about teaching. He tries to relate class material to the real world as much possible by inviting guest speakers and even organizing class trips. He is pretty lenient on grades but it is difficult to get a full score on any assignment. Workload wasn't bad at all.
1.0 : He was the worst professor ever. I will not take his class again. Be careful!!!
4.0 : Only a midterm and final and participation, so show up and talk a lot
5.0 : The work load was extremely easy. He is a great person and actually cares a lot about his students. He doesn't really care about grades, he really only cares that you learn. I would also characterize him as a little "scatterbrained," but that doesn't mean you don't learn. The hardest thing you have to do is argue a fake case in a real courtroom.
4.5 : Professor Isaacs truly cares about his students. He explains everything very well and is always there if you need his help. No textbook. Exams were easy. Attendance is mandatory. Second time taking him and he's great!
5.0 : Prof Isaacs is the man. Funny dude, makes the class real easy, fun, and something you look forward to going to.
2.0 : Prof Isaacs is a nice guy but his class is a big mess. His quizzes are really hard which he takes out of the presentations. I never bought the book but people who bought it they barely open in the class.I would not recommend him.
5.0 : Dr. Isaacs is great! As long as you show up to class, you'll pass. The midterm/final are identical to the quizlet he gives you to study, which makes it easy. He's a great guy, and would love to get to know all of his students. Very personable and funny. Even though he doesn't take attendance, it is mandatory. He expects you to be at every class.
5.0 : He is amazing!! The most inspirational professor I've ever taken. Really care about the students. He gives great lecture and always tries to involve all students in class. Take him or you'll miss out!!!
5.0 : Professor Isaacs is one of Temple's Fox business best professor ever. Very clear, cases are interesting and fun. Quizes are easy if you follow the lectures and read cases and assignment. Take this class and you will excel.
5.0 : He is awesome!! Excellent professor who truly and genuinely cares about his students. He makes classes interesting and provides good feedback. He treats students fairly.  He is easy to talk to and easy to confide in. He genuinely wants to help his students and is very kind! He truly respects his students and as a result, they respect him back.
4.5 : Great professor and lecturer. Class was 3 tests and a final. Material seems hard at first but he makes it easy to understand. Very helpful outside of class. Offers a lot of extra credit opportunities. Tests are challenging but not impossible. Pay attention during lectures and atleast skim the readings and you'll be fine.
4.0 : Easy A class. Took him for Space and Place , just make sure that you attend class and you'll pass. Definitely would recommend.
4.5 : Professor is very helpful and understanding. Power points in class are posted online and is also the material for the weekly  quiz. All teachers should be like her .
4.0 : 3501 is PHP and HTML Class but Patrick makes it fun.
4.5 : I have taken this course before and accounting 2101 is a lot of work, probably about the  work load of  two courses.  He helps with homework issues and has a great understanding teaching.  He also allows us to make up any assignments on the last week of class.  Compared to other prof. in the accounting department, I would have to say he is the best
5.0 : He is a really really easy and kind to student. He will cut off the lowest grade for the five quizzes. he dropped the first grade for midterm if you write the explanation for all question. He reopened the access to hw all the time. He doesn't take attendance, and will let you know the date of quiz. Also he is helpful. I think I will get A.
4.5 : One of the nicest and most helpful professors I've had. Gives extra credits. Attendance is not mandatory, but come to class to know what to expect on the exam. He can be a bit repetitive though, so once you got used to his exam format, you will know which part of his lecture is important for exam and which is redundant. Drops lowest quiz grade.
4.5 : Professor Park is the nicest professor that I've ever taken. He is very approachable, friendly, and you can tell that he actually cares when you ask him a question. Class isn't mandatory, but I suggest attending. Don't buy the textbook, he posts very organized notes online. Cheat sheets are allowed for the final. Lowest quiz grade dropped. TAKE HIM
4.0 : Very nice lady.
5.0 : I heard awful things about risk but Storm makes it completely manageable. She's a great teacher and genuinely cares about the students learning. She isn't as strict as the other teachers and made me actually enjoy going to class. TAKE HER IF YOU CAN
5.0 : Professor Wilkins was hands down the best professor I ever had at Temple. She is the nicest lady, and loves her students. She is extremely approachable, and is always willing to give advice or insights. The only thing that is disappointing, is that this is the only risk class she teaches!
4.5 : Prof. Wilkins is an angel. Really love her as a teacher and person. Her class is not easy because their are some things you just have to memorize because of the CPCU accreditation, but still a great class for any risk student. Really have to know the notes material well or you're done for. Not many articles but READ THEM!!!
5.0 : Supper easy. Just show up class.
4.0 : Storm is an absolute joy to take. She offers help and really means it. Not intimidating at all which is refreshing for the Business School and I have enjoyed everything about taking her class. If you are a risk major always look out for her.
5.0 : Storm is the greatest person alive, or at least in the RMI department. She makes you seriously work for that A. Be prepared to have to learn vocab words for the tests and have semi difficult tests. You definitely need the book and will have a decent amount of articles... not as much as drennan though
5.0 : Nicest woman in the world. approachable. kind. intelligent. Knows her stuff. Show up to class, take notes, study two or three days before an exam, &amp; you can expect an A.
5.0 : She is my favorite Risk Professor thus far. She is truly caring about her students but challenges you to learn &amp; grow into a great insurance professional. Attendance is not mandatory but it is near impossible to pass without attending. If you are struggling talk to her, she's approachable. The book is a necessity. Tough love but worth the hard work
4.5 : He has super knowledgeable and never boring. Going to him for feedback takes a good amount of bravery, but you will definitely learn a lot.
5.0 : One of the best teachers in the math department.  Very good at motivating the concepts with vivid examples and diagrams.  He can be a bit unapproachable outside of class, but he's helpful once you get your foot in the door.  He's also hilarious, even when he doesn't mean to be.
5.0 : Very helpful. Straight to the point in class when teaching material.  Being and staying focused is the best way to participate!  Examples in class are great guidelines for homework and potential quiz questions.
4.0 : Sivek's a chill teacher. He's very vague when he teaches tho. He tries his best to explain problems, but it doesn't always work out. Although, his quizzes are pretty easy and from lectures. He's passionate about what he does and is willing to help his students and is always available during hours. Calc2 is hard so if you're struggling, just ask him
4.0 : I HATE calculus and Jeromy is literally a godsend. He is so helpful and willing to break down even the simplest things to make sure you understand. He's willing to answer every and all questions in class but does not put up with disrespectful behavior. Extremely helpful in office hours. Hopefully I get him for calculus 2 as well.
4.5 : Great prof. super enthusiastic about what he does and you can see this in his lectures. There were weekly quizzes based on stuff you learned the previous week, so no surprises. He makes the sections that'll be on the quizzes very clear. Some problems directly from the books examples. VERY helpful during office hours. Overall good guy
5.0 : Took him for calc 1 and 2. Quizzes are easy and straight out of notes. He is always on time to prepare you for an Exam and never starts the material that is not on it. Probably the best Math professor and Temple!
5.0 : I have never understood math easily, but Jeromy has helped me a lot. He's willing to answer any questions, and spends the entire class going over example problems to make sure that you understand them. He has a quiz every Friday, but knowing that there is a quiz has helped me to prepare in advanced. He also is very helpful in his office hours.
4.0 : Sivek's a good teacher, he jumps around a lot but he's passionate in what he's teaching. He tries to explain everything as best he can and for the most part he makes sense. He also speaks very good English. Quizzes were every Friday and he didn't take attendance but always advised against skipping class. He also very against phones out in class.
5.0 : Jeromy is a GREAT instructor for Calculus. He breaks down and introduces new material in an easy to learn way. Expect webassign hw, but they solidify what he teaches you. He takes the time to reexplain any steps, and shows new concepts in a manner which engages the class to follow along and think ahead of what step is next. Highly recommend.
5.0 : I took Calc 2 with Sivek and he is my favorite professor i have ever had. He is a great change from the typical, mean math professor who gives confusing lectures. He always explained everything fully and I never left a lecture feeling too confused. I also felt very comfortable going to him with questions which is important in this hard class!!!
4.5 : Sivek is the man. This is my first time taking Calculus and he has made it very relatable to ways it applies to things outside of the classroom. You need to put in the work for this class, but he will help anyone who is willing to learn. He honestly makes you want to do well in the class.
5.0 : Professor Sivek is great. He has a clear invested interest in the course material and is willing to help anyone understand material during class.  He is open to answer any questions and allows students to ask questions about the online homework at the beginning of every class period.   Weekly quizzes are relatively easy if you know the material.
1.5 : He tries very hard to teach but it doesnt work out for him (basically does problems on the board with no or little explanation), only went to his lectures because he takes attendance.  Ended up teaching myself.  Yes Calc is a hard subject but with better teacher I would have had better understanding towards this subject.  I would recommend taking
4.5 : He always does his best to answer any question, no matter how simple, to make sure you understand. He loves what he does and if you try your best and ask questions, you cannot do bad. As long as you show up to learn, he will make sure you learn.
5.0 : Coming into college, I wanted a math professor who was able to assist me one on one due to the struggles I faced within the subject &amp; Sivek was that person. quiz every Friday, but they're easy and you're always well prepared. He doesn't like phones and wants participation, but it is not mandatory. The textbook is only really used for exam review
5.0 : Great professor! Made Judaism easy to understand. Very passionate. Not a lot of work. Offers a decent amount of extra credit!
5.0 : Professor Bilotta is a very cool science professor and new to Temple U. He teaches aquaponics, mine was non-credit. He gives real examples of aquaponics setups across the US that he has seen, which I really liked. His lectures led to great conversations. You will enjoy his class, one of the most fun classes I took.
5.0 : Professor Bilotta inspires you to learn more each day and to apply that knowledge to positive action
5.0 : Bilotta was fun, interactive, and informative in the field of Aquaponics. I would recommend the class and the professor to anyone who asks.
5.0 : This woman is an amazing teacher. I strongly suggest taking her Political Philosophy class if you are someone who doesn't mind reading and participating in discussion. She is very intelligent and her discussions will really help you understand the material from multiple perspectives. She also give amazing critical feedback on assigned papers.
4.5 : Susan Aslan is a good professor, I have learned a lot from the writing intensive part of the course. Expect a lot of writing and reading, although you can get away with not reading every single book from start to finish. My only issue was that she takes extremely long to grade and give feedback on papers. Overall, I enjoyed this course and Susan.
5.0 : Susan is the best professor I have taken at Temple. Although it may take a little white, the feedback she gives is excellent. She wont lecture - you have to be prepared to discuss whatever reading is assigned every class. By far my favorite class... not only did I learn a lot from our assignments but from the other students in class. Take her
4.5 : I really enjoyed taking Intro to Political Philosophy with her, I received an A and learned a lot! There was only one test, the midterm, which I never got back and didn't seem to affect my grade. Alunan takes very long to grade papers, this was my only criticism. Overall, a very good professor with profound knowledge to offer, take her!
4.5 : One of the best classes I have ever taken. A wonderful professor that promotes a comfortable class environment for discussion. You will gain so much from the class, Professor Alunan, and your classmates.
5.0 : Susan is a great professor and person! Best class I've ever taken at Temple and I'm a senior now. I really wish she taught more classes cause I'd definitely talk to her again. Go chat during her office hours. She's great!!!
5.0 : Susan is one of the best professors at Temple! Her class is discussion-based and there are always interesting topics. She values your opinions. She models her class in a way where it's impossible for you to not be interested and motivated. Her class FEELS like it's what a working college class is supposed to be like. TAKE HER.
5.0 : I love Eunice! She's the best, so nice, funny and does not bore you for a 5:30-8pm lecture. Is not hard, and tells you what to study. So, as long as you study you'll do great in her class. Such a sweet lady, i highly recommend her for psychopathology. She is great and not difficult. I love Eunice!!!
5.0 : Here is an example of one of Temple's hidden gem teachers. Dr. Chen may be new but her past experience as a clinical psychologists makes the psychopathology course awesome. The course is a straightforward exam and some minor extra credit. I would recommend getting and reading the book though.
2.0 : I like professor Chen as a person, but she's not a good teacher. The class topic is interesting, but she does not really know what's going on. She made review questions and didn't know the answers to her own questions. The tests are oddly worded and hard to understand. One presentation or paper and a midterm and final. She takes attendance.
5.0 : I have had her multiple times, and she is an excellent psychology professor. Very enthusiastic about the material, very understanding when it comes to student's problems. Tries not to make things any harder than they need to be.
5.0 : Amazing class, one of the best psych. teachers at Temple. Tests are extremely clear and she gives some extra credit on simple things during class, so go to class. Attendance is not mandatory but information given is worth going to lecture. Reading the book helps but can still do well without it. I will be taking this teacher again.
4.0 : Eunice is great! She's funny and made my three hour night class bearable. Her tests are easy and she gives you review questions from each powerpoint that show up exactly on the test. Just study the review questions and you'll be fine. Gives you an easy extra credit paper at end of semester and there are easy in class extra credit assignments too.
4.5 : Professor Chen is great. She is so friendly and makes a 2 and a half long lecture bearable. She gives a clear guideline for the exams and drops your lowest grade.  She gives questions for each chapter to focus on for the exams, and using the book was helpful in terms of answering them. She is seriously so great. I absolutely recommend her.
5.0 : Food on the brain is an incredibly interesting course. Prof Chen has a group presentation that takes up majority of the semester, along with a midterm and a final. She gives extra credit if you don't miss class.
4.0 : honestly if you want an easy A take this prof. he is a philosophy grad student who loves class discussion, assigns shore assignments and no tests or quizzes. Hes a really nice, young professor and he understands that you have other classes. i barely read the books and got all my quotes off schmoop or sparknotes. great class
4.0 : fairly fun class. lulls you into a false sense of ease until the first assignment comes back. pretty tough grader.
4.0 : Travis!!! Wonderful man. He makes mosaics interesting, and encourages a more philosophical approach to the material.  He really wants you to understand and be interested so he loves when you think and challenge his opinions. 1010 would recommend.
5.0 : Great guy. Great teacher. You'll have to think.
5.0 : Travis is a great teacher. If you are honestly working hard on your paper and get stuck he will be very understanding about it and help out a lot. Makes class interesting and makes the books seem more interesting than they actually are. Chill and laid back and you can tell he likes his job.
5.0 : He is the best professor that I have  taken classes in Temple . I am an international student, he always give me plenty of  helpful advises. He is very care his students and always talk with us after class. I have learned a lot from his class. Very nice professor and so patient!
4.5 : Travis is a great teacher and a great guy. Only have to write one page papers (double spaced) on each of the books that we read and the prompts are very easy. He is an easy grader. Midterm, final, and final project but these are also easy. The final was take-home. TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Travis is by far one of the greatest professors I've had the privilege of taking. He makes mosaics INTERESTING and ENGAGING! His one page papers for each book we read are very self-explanatory, midterm, final, dialogue-- not bad at all! But he loves when you challenge him with your own opinion!!! Exceptionally fair grader and great person (:
5.0 : Best decision I've made in a while. He's smart, funny, attentive. Plus he was a philosophy major, so you can expect he'll really pick your brain. You could print your texts out, but it's easier to have the books.  Honestly, he just wants to see that you care. Any hardships and he'll jump to help.  I like to talk and debate a lot, lol.
5.0 : Travis is awesome!! He came in mid-semester and was very sympathetic that the old professor's teaching style was different than his own. He gives tons of reading and must participate in discussion. Only 3 papers all semester, clear instructions and good feedback, no tests. Really cool and just likes to chat, tells hilarious stories about Iowa.
4.5 : Travis was by far one of the coolest and funniest professors I've had. He is relatable, honest, and above all there for you when you need or want a helping hand. Definitely would take again.
5.0 : Travvy is the bomb. com and you should definitely take his classes
3.0 : His lectures are boring. I skipped class - attendance was only 10% of my grade - and I felt like I wasn't behind. There are a lot of books, be sure to read them to understand your paper assignments. And it is very hard to earn an A on the papers, and because there weren't many tests, my grade suffered because of that. This class is not an easy A.
5.0 : Easy teacher and seems like a cool reasonable guy.
4.0 : By far one of the easiest gen ed I've taken. I took this online and if you do all the weekly Voice Threads then you will pass. He gives very small writing assignments which are very easy. No midterm or final. Easy A.
4.5 : She knows her stuff and there's only one exam in the middle of the semester that, if you go to class, you'll be able to get an A on.  She's extremely helpful and wants to connect with students after teaching to help with job placement and to use as a resource.  TAKE HER AND YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
4.5 : Takes attendance, weekly quizzes on readings but have to get 4 out of the 6 correct to get full credit. Great professor, really cares about students and their grades. Easy to talk to. Midterm and final open note, as well as the quizzes. Just keep up with readings and you will do fine! Anne is great! So sweet and works with you. She's on your side!
3.5 : Pretty good teacher. She has a thick Asian accent so sometimes she has trouble clarifying everything precisely but she typically makes sure her students understand her. Her office is always open, plus she gives extra credit for covering the assignments. Not bad looking either
5.0 : Moonyoung is easy going, relatable, and super nice. Not too much work, some essays and a presentation. Definitely recommend.
3.5 : Super chill professor and really easy class. All you have to do is show up for class, raise your hand every now and then, and do the assignments she gives which are all really easy. Definitely an easy A for  a gen ed course.
4.5 : She is an awesome teacher! I have over a 100% in her class right now and I barely do any work. Would totally recommend taking representing race with her!
4.5 : He is a really helpful professor. And even though there is a lot of reading, I think it is worth taking his class. he is good at picking relative news stories in the beginning of the class, to make it more current. Beware, If you don't read you are going to get a 0 if he calls on you.
2.5 : Buckle up, this professor is not messing around. At the end of the semester you gonna wanna burn the textbook. Biased grading like no tomorrow,  super strict on native speakers and soft spots for non native speakers. I would think twice about taking him, even though his good looking.
4.5 : Brown now does random calls on people to briefly summarize the reading to ensure the class does it, otherwise reading isn't that detrimental. Participation in class is key. For the final essay, he's really good at giving ideas on where to hone your research, where to look and will also send articles that could help your research if he sees it.
5.0 : Everything's properly structured and crystal clear.  Interesting voice to listen to, impossible to get bored during lectures.  You get graded on participation (which involves possibly being called on to summarize the reading at the beginning of each class) and three medium-length papers.  Read, take notes, speak every class, and it will be easy.
3.0 : There is reading and reading, oh and not to mention reading. Talk in the class, even if it's just nonsense , he'll give you 20% of your grade for it.. Yey
5.0 : Brown really knows his stuff. He is very helpful, and he answers his email fast. There is a lot of reading, and its important to read because he calls out random people to do the summary.  20% of the grade is base on participation. It is hard to tell if he is a though grader or not, it depends, show up prepared to class and youll be fine.
5.0 : You are going to like Professor Brown lectures! He is a great speaker. Do the readings for every class. There is also 3 essay but they are not too long. He is also extremely helpful! Highly Recommend
4.0 : Great professor if you want to learn Japanese. Tough grader, if you mess up part of a sentence, you get it all wrong without any partial credit. Can be frustrating because it is a difficult language. Participate in class and ask for help if you need it.
5.0 : Great teacher, real organize,  guaranteed to learn Japanese. Must have proper grammar and spelling on the quizzes if not you get partial credit. The downside would be having a quiz nearly every day.
4.0 : She is a professional actress and makes this class, which most take as GenEd, more difficult than it needs to be in order to legitimize her profession. There are assigned plays almost every week (sometimes 2 in a week) that the class must write blogs about but they are graded very harshly and objectively. Expect a giant convoluted final project.
5.0 : She is a great teacher, if anyone says anything bad about her it is because they showed no intrest in the class or material. Great teacher highly recommend it!
4.5 : I'm a business major. I took Dramatic Imagination with Dalcanton to fulfill my art gen ed. I had no prior knowledge of theater. After this class i fell in love with theater. Easy A. Go to class, be respectful, hand in things on time. MOST IMPORTANTLY DO NOT SKIP A PLAY, Dalcanton does not play around with skipping a play. great class though.
5.0 : She is awesome. I asked her if she teaches other classes cuz I wanna see her again.
5.0 : I MISS HER!
4.5 : Great Teacher,  you have to see a lot of  plays.  Group projects. But I really thought she brought a fun energy to the room
3.0 : His grading scale is altered, which is nice, however he was a very boring teacher. His tests were ok but the material was really difficult and the lectures were extremely boring
5.0 : This professors works incredibly hard to make sure you can learn the material. He is extremely helpful, clear and approachable. He holds basically 247 office hours and his tests are very fair (moderate difficulty but never surprising.) Knowledgeable professor that cares about you and is actually pretty funny in a lame but entertaining way. TAKE!
5.0 : I didn't put as much effort into this class as I probably should've because of my class load but I still ended up with a C because of his unique grading scale. Economics is just a difficult subject, but he taught it well. Homework's are extremely simple. Tests are difficult but he tells you everything that will be on it. Would take again!
4.0 : He's dorky in a good way. Mason loves econ and does his best to help you learn it well. Take lecture notes and study powerpoints to do well on exams. Exams are fair and straightforward - no trick questions. Textbook required to complete homework.
5.0 : Great professor Young and very caring. All he wants is for his students to actually learn what macro and economics is all about. Homework is straight forward, never get less than a B and the class is weighted so the tests wont be your whole grade.  He makes the class interesting and tries to be funny, which is funny. Way better than a foreign teach
5.0 : AMAZING professor. He pretty much cuts all of the less important things in Macro out of his curriculum. You cover super important things, and you actually learn about and understand them instead of just memorizing them. Super accessible outside of class and wants all of his students to succeed. Take if you have the opportunity!
5.0 : to sum it up, LOVE HIM. Everything is straight forward and he tells you exactly what is on the tests. His grading scale is altered to so if you get a B+ its actually an A- and so on. Would def recommend taking him for macro.
4.5 : Great calc professor! He's really helpful and nice. The material was hard, but he tries his best to make it easy to understand. His quizzes are difficult, but if you do the homework problems prior to the quizzes, you'll be fine.
3.5 : He is always there for his students and has flexible office hours. The material is very hard because a lot is covered in few weeks, so you will have to do self study. Text book required. Tests are common and hard. Final will be cumulative.
5.0 : I took War &amp; Peace with him. 2 Tests and 2 Papers. Also weekly quizzes on readings. Plus one final paper. Lectures are really interesting. Kept me awake for a 9am class.
4.0 : This class was really easy. The Detective Novel had a good reading list. The only issue is that you need to READ! There were a bunch of pop quizzes given. They were easy as long as you read. Lectures were also based on the readings.
4.5 : Charles is a great teacher. His only flaw is he tends to over-explain everything, but that is always better than under-explaining. He gives great feedback on papers. Gives you low preliminary rough draft grades so you improve and do well. Gave me a D or F on my 3 rough drafts, but finished with a B+ in the class. Good guy, good teacher.
4.0 : Grad student teacher. Get really into the topic, almost too much at times. You have to do blackboard posts, 2 essays, and he has 2 tests. He takes audience by having random pop quizzes. The class is not as movie heavy as you wish it was. Just find the Shakespeare readings online or use sparknotes, I never got the other books
4.0 : He's a great guy, but he sometimes gets too caught up in his own lectures.  He grades papers intensely, but if you put forth good work you should be fine.  Make sure you read because he gives pop quizzes a lot.  Overall, he is a good teacher, but he is very young so he has room for improvement.
4.0 : Talks a lot. You'll never get let out of class early.
5.0 : Great teacher! Had her for socio-cultural foundations of education.  She's the most understanding teacher ever and didn't assign too many assignments.  She really tries to get students to understand inequity in the school system and how it's important for future teachers.  She's really easy to talk to or ask questions to
5.0 : Davinah is awesome!  I learned a ton in her class.   I'm normally a little shy about talking subjects that some people take really personally, like race, but she made a really stress-free, comfortable classroom that everyone felt comfortable in.
4.0 : Esther is such a sweet professor &amp; loves having students participate. She gives study guides for all her exams, just one midterm and one final. She gives about 7 reading quizzes, but they are extremely easy. As long as you read, it is an easy overall A in the course. I highly recommend her for sociology, you learn a lot.
5.0 : Agnese was a great professor. She is such a nice lady and was always super helpful. I would recommend her.
5.0 : Material was kind of dry sometimes, which is understandable, but Katherine Bex is a great teacher. She have a certain charm and levity, which made class enjoyable.
2.5 : She's a cool professor and really knowledgeable but her syllabus was so unclear and inconsistent it drove me crazy.
5.0 : Love her!The case studies really gave me great work to use for my portfolio. She really cares about the entire class and wants everyone to succeed, she even sets aside time to make sure the seniors in the class were prepared for the senior showcase. We had really interesting topics and class discussions as well as great speakers. Work but worth it!
5.0 : Professor Bex is one of my favorite professor's at Temple University. The case studies can be challenging but rewarding when you discuss them in class. She posts her powerpoint's the night before classes so you can be prepared for in class discussion. If you pay attention in class and stay up to date on blackboard you should be able to succeed.
5.0 : Great teacher! If you are into the work, complete on time, and complete everything, you will get an A.  Great teacher though.  Knows what she is taking about, and the course is realistic for an intro class.  Loved her.  Would take her 1010 times.
5.0 : Really sweet, funny and understanding. You get to miss 2 classes a semester, but she totally gets that we have busy lives. really great teacher. if you listen to her lectures you'll get an A, tests are super easy and group projects aren't even that much work
5.0 : KB is #1 !!!!! Added a hotness factor cuz I know she'll look at this. Seriously though take her she's amazing.
5.0 : dont need the book- just study powerpoints. attendance isnt recorded but she does fill in the blanks for ppt that you cant get outside of class unless you have a friend to send you the blanks  easy grader- plenty of chances to boost grades tests are simple all multiple choice and matching / charts  straight forward - easy A for me
4.0 : The tests were a majority of your grade (mainly review all of the slides and glance at readings), doing the essays were pretty tedious to me even tho it's only worth 10 points. He never gives back the test so you don't know what u got wrong :( pretty boring bc u just hear the same few people bicker/ramble about a topic mainly the whole class time.
4.5 : Super easy class. Go to class and pay attention to lectures (or glaze over the slides on BB) and you'll ace his two tests with ease. He also assigned two one page papers. Very likable personality.
4.5 : Dr. Johnson is extremely down to earth. Love what he does and you can see it. 3 short papers and 2 test super easy. Great Lectures keep you looking for more. Control's the class in an extremely difficult topic. Oh and he is HOT!
4.5 : Very chill, likable professor. Very straightforward tests, answers of which he gives you the class prior. Three media reviews about a page long that talks about the videos he assigns. Would likely have gotten an A if taken itmore seriously.
4.0 : He's a professor that actually teaches. I looked forward to his lessons. He inspired me to minor in AA studies. Not biased at all. I highly recommend taking his classes.
4.0 : so far my favorite teacher at Temple. Leads thought-provoking discussions about touchy subjects but somehow still makes an atmosphere that is comfortable for everybody. Very intelligent and approachable. Can't express enough how great of a teacher he is and will definitely be looking for his name in future courses to take. Workload is not hard. HOT
5.0 : You take 4 tests and you have to write 3 papers. I got a B- in the class. For a Gened it was a lot for me.
3.5 : Tests are easy if you study. Lectures are boring, but she posts the slides of every lecture so you can go over stuff you missed. Quite nice, but a little boring in her presentation style. She does make you do a group presentation, but this is grade very generously.
5.0 : 4 Short (400 word) papers and 4 exams (non cumulative). posts review slides for exams which make them easy and will help you with short responses if you go to office hours. A group presentation is assigned too. She's very approachable and not very strict. She is nice and I would take her again.
5.0 : He is an excellent professor. The course is very benificial for any Computer Science student. Although the course requires to invest sometime on it compared to other courses, but you will feel the difference after you take this course. I highly recommend taking this courses. BTW, he is very generous in grading.
4.0 : Good lecture and I learnt a lot in this class.
5.0 : Ragin's lectures are awesome. He provides amazing notes that are extremely detailed and clear, and great real-world examples. His little jokes here and there are pretty funny too. Attendance is not mandatory , but show up for the extra credit and the notes. If you attend class, study, participate and do the homework you will do well. TAKE HIM.
5.0 : Risk is hard no matter who you have but Ragin does his best to make sure students pass - Homework counts for a lot and gives extra credit for good attendance.  He does an amazing job giving examples to help students understand the concepts, which is helpful because tests are really hard.  Also uses class capture - useful when studying!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever and is a great lecturer.  Although attendance wasn't exactly mandatory there was always an online quiz and you need to take notes. He didn't teach much out of the textbook and besides the couple quiz questions there was much to study for the tests besides the notes.  Test averages usually were high C/low B
4.0 : Great prof. Very knowledgeable. Would recommend him over the other risk teachers in fox. GO TO CLASS. Gives extra points  for good attendance at end of semester. Tests are confusing somewhat but if you study and actually understand the material you should get no less than a C. Book was not required. Passed with a B and never had the book
4.5 : I heard from friends how hardannoying the class was. Ragin didn't make it feel that way. His personal experience in the industry and knowledge was refreshing and he's young so he makes a connection w students. Tests were fairly difficult, but quizzes and homeworks were easy and made up a good portion of the grade. Gives XC for attendance!
4.5 : Risk management is the #1 most repeated course at Temple. This class is hard, because the test are really difficult. They really require days of studying to understand the concepts in depth. Marc on the other hand is a great professor. He is organized and fun to listen to for lectures. He gives great analogies to help students understand better.
4.0 : RMI is a tough class. You really have to study for this class, especially the first exam. Although the class is hard, Ragin tries his best to provide you with the keys to success. RMI is boring but he tries to make it somewhat interesting. If you don't go to class, you won't have notes and won't pass. Attendance is Extra credit. Don't buy the text.
4.5 : Best RMI professor (snuck into all other classes during the semester to compare Drennan &amp; McCloskey... shhh)   Difficult class as we all know but HW can really make a BIG difference!! (HW &amp; quiz  40%), keeps the class interesting with personal stories or industry facts - tough exams but gives bonus  questions (which we can submit)   Take him!!
5.0 : GREAT TEACHER. Lectures every class but gives great examples and is very funny. You get what you put in to it. If you study for the tests you should be prepared and quizzes helped. Two long papers but nothing too bad. Many opportunities for extra credit. Would take him again for sure. No textbook.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR I have ever taken in Temple!! His lecture is crystal clear with great examples, and professor Ragin made this class really variable!!! Although attendance is not mandatory, come to class ( lots of extra credits on attendance) and take notes ( if you don't have note, you will not pass)
5.0 : I loved this class. Prog Ragin is extremely nice and personable, and he makes his lectures interesting. Top hat is a test grade, so go to class. Never bought the textbook
4.5 : Dr. Marc Ragin is definitely one of the best Risk teacher. RMI2101 is a very hard class but he has great teaching methods. He gives relatable &amp; simple examples to illustrate the material. His tests (especially the multiple choice questions) are tough but he gives a lot of extra credit on attendance and quizzes. You will not pass if you don't work!
5.0 : Lois was an amazing teacher and made yoga very fun. The class was very enjoyable and clear-cut. We weren't graded on how well the yoga poses were done, but if we attempted to do them. A journal must be kept with one entry a week, which will be graded at the end. (she does not read them). I was really sad when the semester was over.
4.0 : Lois is AWESOME! She made me love yoga. Her class was my first time experiencing yoga and she was so bubbly and knowledgable; like your fav older lady. Class was easy and consisted mostly of learning poses and meditation. Only one research assignment and journals which is easy. Just show up to class(ON TIME!!), and keep your phones OFF!! Take this!
5.0 : Crystal is an extremely genuine and caring person. She gives great feedback, and pushes you to challenge yourself as a maker. I've taken three classes with her so far and loved every one of them.
5.0 : Crystal is a kind soul and she wants you to succeed and grow as an artist. She'll give you constructive feedback without knocking you down and teach you about new processes.
5.0 : Monica was very understanding and clear. She's very passionate about French, which makes the class more interesting. She's a great instructor.
5.0 : Monica Krammer is super fun and easy to understand. If it's your first time taking French she is really helpful and is understanding of the fact that not everyone is comfortable about speaking in class. I loved her class and the tests were a breeze if you pay attention in class. You don't need to buy the hardcopy of the textbook, stick to ebook.
4.5 : Professor Antsen is a very nice guy! He responds to emails frequently and helps you out whenever you need it. He made me feel comfortable in class which made it easy to do things like add to our discussions and do my powerpoint presentation. He doesn't like to give a lot of work. Light readings. I'd definitely take him again.
4.5 : Awesome guy! He likes to scare everybody on the first day and grade the first paper really hard but he's super funny and easy going once you get past that. You'll find you actually want to do the reading for his class so you can contribute to what are actually really interesting discussions and the readings are always short. And, omg, crazy hot.
5.0 : Jeff was an incredible professor, who cares about students and makes an effort to hear other people's points of view without letting class discussion get derailed. He knows a ton about the subject and is open to feedback and is just super helpful about the (very) few major assignments. Stay on top of the reading, but if you don't, you'll be okay!
4.0 : His class for politics was very helpful on my views in the world. I would recommend everyone to take this class, i loved how there was class disscussions, gives a chance for people to share their thoughts, the one thing i did not like about his class is same routine everytime but other then that awesome class. plus hes super nice and flexible.
3.5 : Professor Curttright is a nice guy. He gives a lot of opportunities to hear feedback on your writing which is very helpful. Expect a lot of reading assignments and three papers. The class is pretty easy as long as you do the assignments.
5.0 : Professor Curttright is a cool guy. He really know a lot about literature and he's super passionate, which comes across well in class. You'll have to do some work but if you want to improve your writing take this class with him.
5.0 : Dr. Jordan is the best chemistry lab instructor I've had.  He doesn't simply hand out A's - vigorous work is necessary - however what most students fail to realize is that he is doing us a service by demanding quality lab reports.  He is very approachable, knowledgeable, and absolutely hilarious in class.  Highly recommended.
3.0 : I had Professor Guenther in the Spring of 2015. It was her first time teaching a college level class. It would be unfair to be too critical. Don't expect a lot of work. The class is very easy. Be smart when you pick team members because the more non-contributing team members in your group, the more work you will have.
5.0 : She is a really nice lady. Her class is easy and interesting. Be ready to participate the class exercises and do two presentations, and you will get an easy A. You can also learn a lot about Latin America from her class. Take her!
5.0 : Very nice teacher. Relaxed and productive classes.
4.5 : She's a great teacher. Most classes are transformed into discussions, which seems like the best way to cover the class material.  Almost entire class was interested in class discussions. She's a fair grader and really does want you to walk out of class with a good grade as long as you work for it.
5.0 : Professor Sorokina is super nice and friendly. She tries to engage the class and make her lectures interesting. She's really sweet and an easy grader. There are a lot of group projects and work, but it's really easy.
5.0 : She was a great teacher for Language in Society! If language interests you, I definitely recommend this class. She makes it very easy and self explanatory.
5.0 : I strongly  recommend her class. I thought in the beginning of the semester it would be hard because English is my  second language and freshman student. She is a fantastic teacher. I think you will enjoy taking her class.
5.0 : At first, I thought she was really strict. But you do have to work in her class, don't expect to get an A by doing anything. Group projects and presentations are a must in this class. But it's an easy A if you put effort in it. She gives long and tidy homework assignments thats over 50 pages long.
4.0 : though i am not intested in MIS course, professor larry is such a kind person that he would do his best to make you do well in the exam,  if  you like MIS ,take his class and he would help you a lot, otherwise you would feel boring coz his class may not be so interesting
5.0 : His class is very interesting. He's really helpful and an easy grader. I got much more interested in information systems than I was before. I would recommend to take him.
4.5 : Coughlin is a very easy professor. If you show up to class 75% of the time you should do well. The class is an easy A which is great because it's 4 credits. Plus he offers a lot of review sessions for those that don't quite grasp it.
4.0 : Why would I take a graphic design class if I had to write papers? Terrible. He's a nice guy and a lot of students really like him, but I wasn't into it.
4.5 : This was the best class I took at TUJ.
5.0 : Super-funny and smart. Explains concepts thoroughly. He took a lot of time to talk about how design and life relate.
5.0 : Jennings is probably the best professor in the Bio department, no exaggeration. He legitimately cares for his students' success and doesn't overwhelm you. If you need a good grade in a Bio elective, take him, I promise you won't regret it.
5.0 : Rob is a really good professor and you will actually learn in this class. If you pay attention it's easy to do well. If they give him another class to teach I will be taking it.
5.0 : Dr. Jennings was an amazing professor. I had him twice in my college career and I wish he taught more classes because I absolutely enjoyed his classes. He genuinely cares about his students and goes out of his way to make sure that everyone in the same understands what he is lecturing.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've taken at Temple. He's extremely clear and helpful. Not one of those professors that confuse you even more when you ask a question. You have to study a bunch when test come around because there is A LOT of info in the world of invert bio.  But the tests are doable. I just wish he taught more classes.
5.0 : I specifically made this account to give Jennings a rate. Words can't descrbe ho much I love him. He is by far the best professor I have ever had. I had him for mamilian lab and I am planning on taking him for invert. He legit cares for you and makes things easier for you. very fun to be around with.
4.0 : Professor Unger is a sweet man. He loves his profession (he owns his own Tax Accounting Firm) and loves to teach. He is a fair grader, but his exams are not easy. The final was the hardest. He is definitely one of the harder Tax Professors in Fox, but he does give you ways to get extra credit. 2 group projects &amp; they are both long and draining.
3.5 : The hardest final exam so many question, you should prepare a lot. Sometimes, I cannot understand what he said.  The long and hard group project, he need answer question in class for participation points.
5.0 : this prof is the best prof i have ever had for accounting courses. He is very helpful and answers emails very quickly. He explained the materials step by step and always gives a review before the test. Study the homework and the review, and you will pass this class. He also gives out lots of extra credit during the semester. Take him!!!
5.0 : He is so helpful, and answers emails very quickly. He will answer every question that his students has and give a review before each exam. Do your homework, come to class, and you will pass!!!!
5.0 : Great professor that really knows what he teaches.  Feedback is great on all the tests.  Expect 2 papers of 5 pages each.  Not too tough of a grader, but you better know what he went over in class.  The reading is not needed as he covers everything in class.  If you need help, then ask him, very helpful.
5.0 : Wonderful professor!! Professional, and interesting. Lecture is very clear, and all the points and schedule are all well-organized. All the videos and handouts are highly coherent with lecture.  Reading work is not needed. Feedback is great on all the tests.  Music background is not needed, worth to choose! highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Horton's lectures are very interesting and he is very organised. He delivers everything per the schedule given on the syllabus on Day 1. He is very kind and helpful if you need help and also made me enjoy a subject I never though I would enjoy.
5.0 : He is very inspirational professor and I loved his class. He will give you 4 writing assignment, however this is lie 1-2 pages book report. Also, he hands out the study guide and make sure everybody understands the context. Fair grader and if you try, you will definitely pass his class.
5.0 : Professor Roser is the best professor to take if you are going to take IH 1. He is super philosophical and has very interesting lectures. He is a fair grader, and hard work is always noticed and appreciated. what are you waiting for? Run and sign up!
5.0 : Flexibility, maaaaaaannnnnnnn
4.0 : Hard Work  Extremely Tedious
5.0 : Professor Kakizaki is the best. Everybody loves him, he is so understanding and kind. There are some tests, but youll get plenty of time and study guides too. He also has a small paper towards the end. He puts all his PowerPoints online. Truly the sweetest professor around!!
5.0 : I gave Kakizaki full marks because it's hard to find a fair and balanced professor in politics these days. He was unbiased, engaging, and respectful.  Trying to get through a politics class is like walking on egg shells if you have diverse opinions, he definitely says it like it is and doesn't push ideologies on anyone.
4.0 : Extremely professional, classy, and funny guy. Inspiring and down-to-Earth. A bit crazy about socialism and Marxism but doesn't push it on anybody. Easily among the least biased Poli Sci professors I've had (a pure joy compared to some!) Show up, pay attention, work a little hard, contribute to the discussions, and you'll get an easy A. Have fun!
5.0 : My favorite professor at Temple. His teacher style may throw some people off but only because it forces you to actually remember and retain the information. Class grades mostly consisted of exams and writing assignments. If you're ever confused with anything, he's more than happy to help! I ended up with an A. Currently have him for a 2nd class.
5.0 : Don't miss the opportunity to take this class and learn from this man. If you have the opportunity please don't pass it up. Bruce is Amazing!
2.0 : I signed up for public relations class turns out all he cares is about politics (he has a background in political science) So go he needs to teach that NOT PR I don't understand why he is teaching this class. There are so many other things to PR that he doesn't teach. You will not learn he speaks fast no PP or study guides. 2 midterms and final
3.5 : Seriously love this class! He's such an energetic person and it reflects in his class. He speaks a little fast so a laptop or tablet will help if you write slow, I take written notes and I'm fine. Just took our first test and it wasn't too bad but I studied hard. But overall great guy and great class. I never want to skip! Would highly recommend.
5.0 : He's a great teacher. Would retake the class with him anyway. He is very helpful and he hates the textbook so you save money there.  I did his tests and if you study hard and go to class you'll do well.  He does talk a little fast so do whatever you make to catch his every word.
5.0 : If you get the chance, take Bruce! Probably the best professor I've ever had.
5.0 : Just take him!
5.0 : Bruce is the man. He's a little crazy, he runs around a lot during his lectures, and he doesn't use PowerPoint, so you better learn to take notes SUPER fast. He thoroughly reviews everything before every exam, and his exams are completely straightforward. Super understanding and awesome, easy to talk to. Makes class so fun. Tough but worth it!
5.0 : Prof. Hardy is hilarious! Lectures are super interesting, but notes are not posted, so attendance is mandatory for the exams. No homework, only 3 (short) papers and 3 exams. Exams are not multiple choice, but aren't very difficult if you take notes. Definitely would recommend!
5.0 : Bruce has been amazing, absolutely 100% my favorite teacher. He is so real with his students and makes you feel so comfortable and like you really know him, even in a lecture of class 150. Take him!!
5.0 : I really enjoyed this course. I learned a lot of things applicable to everyday life and for the field of PR. Bruce is a great guy!   Advice: Attendance isn't taken, however, if you don't come to lectures you will not pass the class. No homework. 3 exams.
5.0 : Top 3 Professors I have had and I had them all. Makes profound connections between class material, current events, and personal matters. Even as an elective, I would take any of Bruce's classes. The knowledge you gain is LIFE APPLICABLE. He also understands students (typically millennials) in a way that most baby boomers do not.
5.0 : Bruce was by far the best professor I ever had!  his class requires minimal work and its super fun and engaging! hes also very funny and interesting as a person
5.0 : Bruce was hands down the best professor I have ever had. You MUST attend class, because he doesn't use power points. Take good notes, write down everything he says and STUDY and you will be absolutely fine. No readings, no homework. Just go to his class and study, you will learn so much and not regret it! Loved this class.
4.5 : I took both Eng0711 and Eng0812 of her class. She is a really nice professor, she can give me some helpful feedbacks for my essay. There are only three small quizzes, she will even drop one of them.
5.0 : Prof Almon is the best! She explains the course content in a way that's easy to understand, and her lecture slides are so organized and helpful. She's really helpful during office hours, too. She's so sweet and makes you feel a lot less intimidated about participating in class. TAKE HER!
5.0 : The Japanese Language class at TUJ is very structured so that the teacher doesn't have much say over what material they cover or when they cover it.  Machida sensei is very good at explaining the material and helping the student understand as long as the student is willing to put in the work.
5.0 : Mr. Castellano is so cool - he's younger, so he engages the class pretty well. He is also a former police officer so he always talks about that when it relates to class which is cool. His lectures are a little dry, but it's laid-back, perfect for a night class. His tests are really straight-forward and you know what to expect.
5.0 : Fun class.  Would recommend taking.
5.0 : Took his class a few years ago. Talks fast but a lot of fun in class. Makes topics interesting and very willing to help. Seems to have a lot of experience in psychopathology. Tests are very fairly and almost 100% from lectures. Gives EC options.
5.0 : Mike has been one of my favorite professors at Temple! His lectures are long, but he is hilarious and keeps the material interesting. His tests are easy as long as you review the power points. The questions are main concepts learned in class so the tests are totally manageable! I would take him again!
5.0 : He is the coolest prof. ever. He's very funny, and gives good lecture. If you want an A, just show up for class, and study for the exams, which aren't hard at all (but you need to study for them). Highly recommended for Psy. 2101.
5.0 : Really great teacher, he made the class easy to understand and enjoyable. Tests are basically just the main ideas which is nice, so just study the powerpoints and you'll do fine on the tests. I would recommend not buying the book, you don't need it and it's expensive.
5.0 : Simply strolls into class and gets right into it. First we'd chat current events then get into the reading (all PDF's or library reserves and well-chosen) up to a half-hour later depending on what's going on in the news. Very laid back and entirely off the cuff, no death by Powerpoint. Interesting stories about his past jobs, studies, etc. Solid.
4.0 : He is a great professor and person. His classes are interesting and the information really sticks with you. My only complaint is that I spent so much work writing the best paper I could. Probably the best I've ever wrote, but he just "read" all 7 pages right in front of me in about 2 mins. Gave me an A but it felt like a wasted effort.
3.5 : Williams is amazing, no wonder he is the professor of the year. He is so funny, and he is really passionate about his classes. I really like his classes, he can sometimes  be a little bit unorganized.
5.0 : Professor Williams is a kind and respected professor. He is a very funny and inspiring teacher and knowledgable about the course. He is also helpful and caring to all students. Would definitely take him again in the future.
5.0 : Very intelligent and kind teacher. She knows a lot about what she is teaching and explains things very clearly and gives every opportunity to get a good grade. Made me want to come to class. Highly recommend.
4.5 : Dr. Ellman really knows what she's talking about, and is obviously passionate about what she does.  Her tests are easy IF you go to lectures and just look over the slides (she doesn't take attendance).  No other projects or readings or assignments. Also, DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK.  Her tests are based off of her slides.
5.0 : She was kind of boring and dry which made lecture boring sometimes but since the info was so interesting it made up for it. She's super super nice and really wants to see you succeed. Gives 4 pop in class papers to be used for EC pts. Drops lowest exam. The powerpoints were clear and concise and this turned out to be my favorite class. Take her.
4.0 : Chill professor who teaches in a way that keeps you engaged and wanting to learn more. She offers 4 extra credit assignments, but it's a surprise as to when she decides to give them out, which made me never want to skip so I didn't miss them. Material is a lot of common knowledge, and the tests are fairly easy but still need to be studied for.
5.0 : Professor J-Storm is awesome. If you want to succeed in her class she is going to be there every step of the way to make that possible. She is always quick and efficient when answering emails.  Definitely recommend taking her, you wont find  a professor more passionate or  invested in her students, I can promise that.
5.0 : Jackie is an extremely chill professor and she makes the material almost enjoyable to learn. Class was not very hard, just keep up with the readings. Overall great class, overall great professor!
5.0 : i would take her for every class if i could, by far one of the best professors i have ever had. if you do not take her you are making a big mistake. the work is easy and fun, 10/10 would take again and again.
5.0 : Jackie is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. She brought us candy on multiple occasions. She was easily the most helpful professor I've had. I highly recommend taking her class.
5.0 : She is a great teacher and a great person in general. She is so kind and everyone loves her. She makes learning the material less boring.  I would definitely recommend her!
4.5 : Jackie was my professor last semester and what a great person she is. Not only is her class informative and fun, but she does an outstanding job on being personable with every student. This quality alone not every professor has. I would recommend her to anyone needing this class for your major/gen ed requirments.  very easy and she grades fairly!
5.0 : Jackie always encouraged everyone to speak their mind. There was only one paper the entire year. Although it was longer she did it in a way that was efficient and not as demanding as most college essays. Overall the class taught me a lot about my self and the material we covered.
3.5 : She is so nice and helpful with all work she gives. She is very understanding and makes it easy to want to be in class. She is very realistic and doesn't give tests, only papers that are easy to write about. Definitely would take her again and you should take her if you get the chance!
5.0 : I can't get over what an amazing woman Jackie is. She's so sweet, hilarious, caring, and genuine. There definitely has not been a single day I had her class and didn't laugh. No tests, weekly readinglogs, and breaks up the final paper into chunks to make it very bearable. Makes class discussions non-intimidating. Do yourself a favor and TAKE HER.
5.0 : She's a great teacher that's very helpful in getting you on the path to succeed. The actual class period is discussion based. She makes it really easy for you to participate. I'm sad that this class is ending.
5.0 : She's a great teacher that really helps you get on track to succeed. The class period is discussion based and she makes it really easy to open up and speak your mind. She also doubles as an academic advisor so she'll offer you advice etc. She's really approachable and I'm sad this class is only a semester long.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I ever had. Kind and gives good feedback. Loved this class.
5.0 : She is both a wonderful person and professor. She makes learning easy and fun for the whole class. She goes above and beyond to help out each student the best she can. 10/10 recommend taking any class she has to offer. I hope to be able to take a class taught by her again. She's extremely easy to reach and is open to everyone's opinions.
5.0 : He's cool and down to earth. Explained things so that I got it. Class was fun.
5.0 : Highly recommended! I wish I could take more classes with Chozick. best discussions.
1.0 : In his class we only studied whatever inane topic he was interested in (writing essays about Japanese idol groups, seriously). He never provided any substantial help, when researching these topics with little to no resources. We never looked into any interesting literature to analyze, it was always pop culture (again with limited sources).
5.0 : Fantastic professor. He's very funny and engaging. You work hard but learn a great deal. I understand Japan much better now.
5.0 : This was the best composition course, if not the best class, I've ever been in. The professor was a very interesting person, he taught well, and the content on Japanese culture was fascinating. I loved the insightful lectures/discussions/readings and I always looked forward to this class.
5.0 : Best math teacher I have ever had.  She gives so much opportunity to do well.  Her tests are really difficult but she prepares you for them.  If you are an education major, you NEED to take her.  Attendance can hurt you though so you need to show up.
5.0 : I have never liked math, but Kayla makes math understandable and (almost) fun.  She is the best teacher I have had so far for math and will help you as much as you need to make sure you pass.
4.5 : Kayla is awesome but she will make you work for it. It is nice having a teacher that really knows math and can teach it exceptionally well.
5.0 : Professor Kayla is by far my favorite professor at Temple. Kayla cares about her students and is determined to help everyone succeed. Her passion for teaching and for algebra makes the class very enjoyable. Stay on top of your work and you will do fine! Kayla offers plenty of opportunities for extra credit. 10/10 would recommend Kayla!
5.0 : Kayla is a MUST TAKE. I hated math, but Kayla made it actually fun and I learned so much in her class. She's one of the best and most fair teachers I've ever had. You definitely have to study and complete the homework, but the load is not overwhelming, just stay on top of your MathLab homework and you'll do fine!
5.0 : Kayla is a  awesome professor. She really has passion for algebra, the way she teaches never gets boring,shes very engaged with the class and she will sit there teaching a problem to you until you understand. I love how she explained everything that we over look in math. HER MIDTERM IS HARD! But she gives you many opportunities in class to make up
5.0 : This teacher is seriously the best.  I never though I would love a math class but this class is by far my favorite. As long as you do all of your work, you can pass but she makes math fun and almost easy. She also will spend hours helping you if you need it.  I would spend hours in her office doing homework together. She's the best!
5.0 : Group quizzes and extra credit for participating. Definitely take her if you are an education major.
5.0 : Kayla, is by far one of the best professors I've ever had. Being a student who absolutely dreads math, I had a complete turn around while in this class! The midterm is extremely difficult and different than the norm but more than enough opportunity to pass this class.
5.0 : Seriously the best math teacher I have ever had.
5.0 : Professor Hocker is a very helpful teacher. If you perform terribly on a assignment and need to improve your skills, all the other teachers in this department will generically refer you to the writing center, but this professor will also try to help you work on your skills regardless of having a busy schedule...
4.0 : Interesting anecdotes
4.5 : Her class is discussion based and mostly presentations so as long as you're comfortable with speaking in front of 15-20 students you will be fine. There is barely any homework and if there is you can devote like 1 hour a week to it. No tests or quizzes. Just do the work you're suppose to do and you'll pass easily. My favorite professor by far
5.0 : Prof. DeMarco is one of the most real and down to earth psychology professors I have gotten to know at Temple. Class was boring at times but he keeps things lighthearted and makes jokes here and there. His exams are pretty straightforward and easy if you study. At times he can appear to be a goofball or way too laid back, but he's a really nice guy
5.0 : Professor Demarco was such an amazing teacher to have. He is such a laid back person and I feel like class felt like a discussion. He clearly wants his students to succeed. He is one of the most straight forward professors that I have ever met.  Social Cognition had two exams and a presentation.
5.0 : I would definitely take his other classes if I have the chance. I had him for Social Cognition, and it was so easy. He makes his exams VERY easy and he tries to. He's pretty realistic, makes funny comments, tries to get the classes engaged in discussion, etc. His paper assignment is also pretty easy too.
3.0 : The whole class is based off one long paper due at the end. It is due in portions throughout the semester and he gives full credit for everything you hand in. No other homework/reading. No need to buy the books
5.0 : Bernd is the man, that's all that needs to be said. I didn't have him for my Physics class, but I regularly attended his Physics lectures, which were more beneficial than the actual class. Bernd articulates material well and relays it to his students in a relatable manner. He is all for his students and would go out of his way to help a student out
5.0 : The only thing I would complain is his class is at 8am lol. Other than that, he's the best teacher. He's knowledgable and cares for his students. I always feel guilty to him bc I sometimes slept in his class since it's 8am but I always review slides &amp; lecture notes &amp; he's extremely helpful during office hours &amp; that's all you need for an A!
3.0 : Professor Surrow is a renowned physicist which is pretty frickin cool. Sometimes he doesn't explain material thoroughly enough but there are many resources available outside of class. He also was available very often to help students out.
5.0 : Professor Surrow is such a great teacher. I wished I could have him for the next two years still. He provides tutoring sessions in addition to his office hours and he records YouTube tutorials solving problems. He expects you to work hard, but he helps you a lot. BEST TEACHER EVER!
5.0 : Professor Surrow is an excellent teacher. He has a huge amount of insight and has so much to offer to students. He expects a lot from homework. I went several times to his office hours. He provides a huge amount of help and answers emails at almost every time during the day, in particular over the weekend. I cannot think of a better educator.
5.0 : Best Professor ever! Temple is lucky to have him!
5.0 : Awesome! Just awesome!
5.0 : Professor Surrow is truly passionate about teaching. He video recorded with a document camera several mid-term practice problems. I learned from those videos a huge amount, more than what I would have ever learned in another class not taught by Professor Surrow. I went to his review class and this was just outstanding. He is such a great teacher!
5.0 : He knows what he's doing. His lectures are very well planned. Very encouraging, passionate about teaching.
5.0 : greatest teacher i have had at temple so far. very inspiring. made me excited for physics.
5.0 : I have had the opportunity to attend several Physics lectures held by Bernd. The man has the power to make one understand Physics, long story short. The guy makes me want to minor in Physics because of how passionate he is about helping students thrive in the subject. I regret not taking him for my actual Physics class. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Surrow has a high caliber of teaching. He gives interesting lectures that are easy to follow.  He cares a lot about us - his students. I find myself inspired to study Physics, which I never thought I could. He is an asset to Temple. It is obvious that he takes pride in everything he does!
5.0 : Literally the best physics professor I've ever had. His enthusiasm and devotion to his teaching is amazing.
5.0 : Professor Surrow genuinely cares about each student and if you ask for help/go to office hours,  you will never be denied. He puts a lot of effort into teaching the students, and it is expected that students will reciprocate by being attentive. He shows that there is much left to learn- even for students who have already learned the material before
5.0 : Dr. Surrow is a fantastic lecturer, and does not shy away from formula derivations and abstractions, an approach that is key to understanding physics, and effective problem solving.  HIGHLY recommended!  (Do not procrastinate w/ HW!  Many of the problemsets are challenging and time consuming, but are *great* preparation for the exams.)
3.0 : Prof Surrow is a good teacher, but his lectures are unbearable. He is a very soft spoken man, and i find myself dosing off many classes. He makes everything he does seem so easy, often times i am unable to do it myself, evern when i review over and over again.
5.0 : Professor Henderson is really good. Participation and class discussion is important to her. Very flexible and reasonable about the amount of work we have to do. Her papers are pretty easy and she is a fair grader. I'd take a class with her again, she is beautiful and intelligent.
5.0 : This is one of my favorite classes I have ever taken. Every day I left that class wanting to share what I learned that day. Henderson is very sweet, and wants us to do well. Very flexible with grading and assignments. You will learn so much without feeling overwhelmed with work.
5.0 : Professor Henderson is a great professor. She is very understanding, caring, and gives fun lectures. Her class is very easy &amp; fun as long as you pay attention. Allows you to use notes and readings on response papers. Gives three short essay but if you  participate enough you only write two. Overall a really great professor probably one of the best!
5.0 : Absolutely the best professor at Temple. Listen and read and you will succeed :) There are 3 essays and a few position papers, but overall an easy A
5.0 : War and Peace world society gen ed. She's really cool and young, ended up lessening our readings because we asked. Also canceled our final essay and final exam because the class did well on the other essays and class discussions. Just participate, skim the readings, fill out the bolded reading questions and you'll pass. Basically a discussion class
5.0 : Her discussions are really interesting &amp; she does a good job making boring topics exciting. She's fast responding to emails. The more you participate, the more she likes you and is willing to help you out. Once I messed up &amp; forgot to do the reading for a quiz. I wrote on the paper that I screwed up, gave it my best shot &amp; received a 4/5 anyways.
5.0 : War and Peace is definitely a Gen Ed i wish i could take again! Only 3 essays and a small quiz every few weeks but super easy! Ms Henderson is the best professor and loves when you reach out to her for additional help and resources. She always makes sure her students are interested in her class &amp; makes boring topics fun! A lot of group discussions.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had. Went in with no knowledge of anything PoliSci &amp; came out a war &amp; peace genius.
5.0 : Professor Henderson is hands down one of the best professors I have ever had! She is very fair in her grading, makes class enjoyable, and is always professional. I learned so much in her class and would definitely take any other courses that she teaches again!
4.0 : Shinya is a good photography professor, but you need to ask the right questions during critiques to learn.  Also, take as many photos as possible in-between critiques broken into smaller sessions.  Think of an interesting theme, and create your own unique photos.  Don't miss his class because you can miss important lectures or editing time.
4.5 : He was constantly reminding us of when things were due, which was very helpful, and answered any questions I had in class or thrThe use of slideshow lectures provided visuals and information that made the course content easier to understand. My professor was very open and accepting of diversity, including many aspects of diversity in his teaching.
4.5 : good teacher. liked the labs and engineering lab tour
5.0 : He is my favorite professor. Good teacher and was very helpful. I never felt my major has anything to do with the environment, but no i feel more responsible..
5.0 : Loved his lectures and the class. it was a good learning experience with 2 labs, discussions, information about current environmental issues and how i can contribute to the betterment of the environment. Overall I learned a lot of stuff that once I thought would not make any difference to this environment....I highly recommend taking this guy...
5.0 : Loved the class discussions. Expect questions in class. I was able to relate my major to environment because of the news article assignments.
5.0 : Loved his lectures. Lab was fun. Now my views are more environment friendly.
5.0 : Excellent professor and he makes the gen Ed class look like a gen Ed class with no complication, but only simplicity.
5.0 : I learned a lot and will carry those lessons with me as I continue to develop my career. He was very patient with the students...
5.0 : Great guy. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK, you won't need it.. He posts his lecture on Blackboard.  Easy A, if you put some time and participate in class discussions. Very helpful. Asks a lot of questions in class for the sake of discussion. Tests are little tricky, multiple choice questions.
5.0 : I have changed my behavior towards the environment. Now I care about what i do to the environment. Inspired by his lectures. Never thought my major plays a role in saving the environment, his lectures/news article assignments helped me.
5.0 : I felt as if the class was extremely interesting,  especially with the final projects and news assignments about the environment and how it relates to our majors.
4.5 : Class is very Interesting, prof is very helpful and provides timely feedback
4.5 : helpful, gives more real world situations so we can apply what we learned/learning in class..
5.0 : Liked the lectures. Very helpful, replies to emails very fast. grades exams and assignments in 2-3 days. got extra credit for good grades on test.
5.0 : Enjoyed the class. Made a difference in my attitude to the environment. Tests are easy but tricky. Offers extra credit.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Knows what he is talking about, but teaches in a simple way. Makes it easy to get an A.
5.0 : Professor Andaluri was amazing. He truly cares about the environment and is passionate when teaching his students. He makes it very easy for a gen-ed with only two quizzes and four easy assignments. Put in some time on the assignments and you should have no problem getting an A. At times his accent can be difficult to understand.
5.0 : I would say the class took with his is the best class I have ever taken in this finance department. Not such much useless homework, but he really know what a student expect from a finance course. Didn't spent too much time on this course, but still got an A. Easy A!!! Must take it!!!!
4.0 : Mike is a great professor. He really does go out of his way to make sure the students understand the material to the best of his ability. He did great being as though he was teaching professor keen's material. So if you have to take finance take him. Tests are tough but he does his absolute best to make sure you're prepared before hand.
4.5 : He works hard for his students. Best professor Ive had yet!
5.0 : Seriously one of the best finance professors at Temple. Work load is reasonable, exams are not hard if you studied, and he will help you if you don't understand something. He wants his students to succeed, so there is no way you can fail unless you put zero effort.
4.0 : She's a cool professor. Really interested in her field and pushes you to do better with your work. Be sure to go to class with a tough skin because she tells it like it is. Overall I had a lot of fun doing her projects and going to class.
5.0 : Really fun lectures, a lot of writing homework. She treats it like a mini ad agency and she was a creative director in real life so she provides a lot of awesome advice.
4.5 : Makes an effort to be engaging and you can tell she's into what she's teaching. Has impressive experience at agencies and a cut-throat and critical eye. Her role in class is mainly creative director and she will push you &amp; your work to another level. I really liked her and felt like I learned a lot. Be ready to have homework and be creative!
4.5 : This class was my favorite this semester by far and what really pushed me into finally choosing copywriting as my track. Her lectures give a lot of actually helpful info that I've already put to use at my internship. She definitely looks for you to push yourself creatively and has a strong understanding of what advertising agencies are looking for.
5.0 : I have taken Katie two times now, and I am happy I have. She treats class like an agency, and gives real, honest, constructive criticism. Take her class. You'll learn to be a MUCH better Copywriter, and gain important experience. Also, I have used work from her class in my professional portfolio, to much success. Thanks Katie, you rock!
5.0 : Great person overall would have loved to have studio with her. Her lectures are clear and consensus. If you have her try to become friends great things will happen.
5.0 : Physics 2 is hard but he makes it interesting. Gives conceptual quizzes and test online and only a final (in summer course ) If you show a correct method of approaching a problem, he will be very generous with grading. Great lectures.  BOTTOM LINE if you put the effort you can get an .
5.0 : Having a relatively poor physics background and hearing all of the horror stories about physics II, I guess it's safe to say that I was pretty terrified of taking the course. But, Professor Newby provides a  generous grading breakdown and an environment conducive to actually learning the material. Definitely would recommend!
4.0 : Easy to understand, fair, lots of lectures though.
4.0 : He is super passionate about astronomy and if you actually take interest in the class, it's super fun. It's not a super hard class and you do some pretty cool stuff.
5.0 : Newby was my favorite professor I had this year. He's very passionate and very knowledgeable about astronomy, and teaches this class like a gen-ed should be taught. Not too hard, but not an easy A. Tests aren't bad, recitations at the end of the week are fun. If you're looking for a good science gen-ed, take Exploring the Cosmos!!
4.0 : Newby is a really great and understanding professor!! Very enjoyable and easy class, lectures can drag on but the information is interesting and pretty cool. Homework assignments due every Monday, recitations every Friday, 3 essays, and 3 tests make up your grade. Everything is very simple. A great science gen ed to take!
4.0 : you're going to sit down and listen to 50 minutes of lecture every single time. the material is heavy, but sometimes really interesting. He knows this class in a GenEd and throws assignments in to pad your grade. study for the tests or you'll bomb. He gives a study guide. Nice guy with a sense of humor. 100% recommend
4.0 : Prof. Newby is the man! His Exploring the Cosmos class is very interesting, but be careful; if you stop paying attention and try to breeze through, you will not get a good grade! Weekly homework, and maybe one written assignment, coupled with breakout sessions and midterm/final are all that determine your grade, so make it count.
5.0 : Professor Newby was a fascinating professor. His lectures were incredibly interesting and with easy homework and labs every week, there is not reason why you shouldn't get an A.
5.0 : Professor Newby is amazing ! hands down the best physics professor i have ever had ! he's smart and knows how to convey concepts easily ! if you want a professor who knows his stuff and does not kill students with hard tests then professor newby is your choice ! I had him for physics 1062 over this summer, 5 quizzes ( 6% ) and one final ( 20%)!
4.0 : Super easy class, didnt go to more than half of my classes and still passed with an A. Professor Newby is always willing to help with missed work from breakouts; overrall easy course with pretty easy tests if you study for even just an hour.
4.0 : I took Exploring the Cosmos as a science GenEd. You don't have to be knowledgeable to get a good grade, his lectures aren't that bad and I find that if you just pay attention to him you'll get it. Homework is a short multiple choice 15 question assignment due every monday and the only test I've had was super easy. He's super nice! I recommend him.
4.0 : A little monotonous in lectures, with SUPER long PowerPoints, but the exams were fairly straightforward and the group work in our weekly recitation meetings were easy grade boosts. All homework online, a few papers, overall a pretty laid back professor. Will let you make up missed recitation work in his office, very nice and easily accessible.
3.5 : One of the better teachers for physics. Tests were not bad since he gave reviews that were similar. Gives nearly full credit for open ended test problems as long as you show what equations to use and specify what is being asked in the problems. I easily passed with a B and barely studied.
5.0 : Professor Newby is great. I'm not a science major but he made everything easy to understand. The lectures were actually engaging and he made complicated topics interestering. There's at least one assignment per week and they're really helpful when it comes to understanding the material. The tests aren't easy so you definitely need to study.
1.0 : Test are fairly easy and homework assignments have unlimited attempts. 3 news article analysis that aren't that difficult but very inconvenient and uninteresting. Observation report is ridiculous and Newby is a tough grader when it comes to these assignments. Decent lectures because he is interested but very boring material. Take another GenEd.
4.0 : Professor Newby is a great choice if you are dedicated to learning and putting through the effort it takes to learn a heavy subject. He is extremely intelligent and is overall a kind person. The lectures can drag on and sometimes are a bit boring, but that is only because of subject matter.
5.0 : Dr Nigh is an amazing women, she is so passionate about her class and the topic. She treats you like an adult which is nice and refreshing because we are in college it's time to grow up. Take her class if you want someone who is fun and will challenge you to make something better of yourself. Truly a remarkable woman.
4.0 : Fairly interesting class and not too much work. He has a thick accent, but you get used to it. There are 2 or 3 exams, some very short papers and a final presentation.
4.0 : Dr Muruganandham is very enthusiastic professor. Really teach too much information but very useful and important  for human beings.  I like his class
4.0 : Great professor, he knows what he is talking about! He works with you if you need time to submit something, other than that easy A! He really cares about the environment, you will change the way you think after taking his class.
5.0 : He is so sweet and really loves the environment.  He has an accent but it is easy to understand what he is saying.  Really easy class and he makes it interesting. Great guy I highly suggest taking him.
4.5 : Really enjoys what he's teaching, very helpful with anything. Has an accent but easy to understand. Would definitely recommend
4.0 : Easiest GenEd you could possible take.  Just beware of his very strong accent,
4.0 : Super easy gen-ed. Don't be discouraged by the 95% requirement for an A, it is definitely attainable if you do all of the work. He basically gives you the answers for all the exams. Easy HW. The hardest part of this entire course was understanding him because of his thick accent. He loves the environment, so this course is a perfect fit for him.
3.5 : Although he is very hard to understand, he reads directly from his powerpoint, and all the homework and tests are directly from the powerpoints which he posts to BlackBoard so that's nice. He wants people to pass his class because he loves the environment so unless you refuse to turn anything in you're chances of passing are extremely good.
2.5 : hard to understand. but easy class.
5.0 : He is simply a good professor
5.0 : She understands the books deeply, loves the materials and deliver her knowledge and love to all the students. She is clear about her expectations. She makes the class very interesting. She grades fairly and gives good feedback too. Pay attention and you'll do well.  You'll come out of the class learning a lot.
5.0 : I had Naomi for Mosaics I. Her class is pretty easy and she's extremely passionate in what she does and fun, as well. She loves reading and loves her job. Definitely worth taking.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers of all time. She is passionate about the content, teaching, and her students. Overall a great person! I am hoping she will teach Mosaics two so I can take it with her! Not a lot of work, but I learned more than just the content she was required to teach. Take her!!!! I would subject myself to an 8 am with her if needed.
5.0 : Naomi is an absolute angel! The readings are pretty dull and somehow she finds a way to keep her enthusiasm and make going to class fun! The grade is based on a combination, four response papers that are two pages each and graded basically on completion, and a final paper. I want to be her best friend tbh.
5.0 : Naomi is such an amazing teacher that it would be a shame if I hadn't once been in her class. She owns her passion and delivers it in such an inspirational way to her students. Be focus in class and be ready to give out your opinion. Naomi listens closely to everyone's ideas and appreciate them. I would try my best to take her again for Mosaic 2.
5.0 : She's awesome!!!
5.0 : Naomi is my favorite professor of all time. No doubt about it. In fact, she's actually my favorite PERSON of all time! Take this class please. You will learn so much about Heritage and just soak in the history and fun she has with you. I love Naomi!
4.5 : shes really a good teacher if you participate then you will do just fine in her class but also pay attention.
4.5 : She's the best teacher ever! A lot of reading, but I didn't read at all because she lectures about the texts anyway. No quizzes or tests or assignments. Midterm and final are inclass essays and then one paper. Tough grader on the paper, but gave an extra credit opportunity. Can find all texts online though.
5.0 : Professor Taback was awesome. She is always super energetic and ready to teach, whether or not the class wants to participate. She is super passionate. She explains the books each class and then you have 4 book responses, a midterm, and a final paper. Super easy but a great teacher for sure.
5.0 : Dude, she is awesome. I am just blown away by how much energy she has. She made a long commute every morning from NY to teach the class. I can tell she really loves teaching and talking about these topics. There is a lot of reading, but as long as you know the gist of the stories, her lectures help you a lot. 2 blue book essay tests, 1 final essay.
4.0 : Great choice for Mosaics. Really nice lady who cares about the subject. Good professor for an early morning class; she'll keep you awake. Easy grader and understands nobody wants to be in a Mosaics class. Also brings in food, which is very clutch. Very lenient with lateness, as long as you show up you'll get credit. Loves her job and her students.
5.0 : took her for mosaics 1. Best professor ever!She makes the class interesting. We had one easy midterm which was an in-class essay, a total of four simple response papers throughout the semester and one final paper addressing just two of the books read in class. Make sure you pay attention to what she says in class about the books bc it makes it easy
5.0 : Naomi was AWESOME! Really simple class, if you show up and take notes then the few assignments are so easy. She has a great sense of humor and even brought in cookies/brownies a couple times. Just pay attention in class and you'll do great. I'm upset her class is full for Mosaics 2 that's how great she is.
5.0 : WONDERFUL. Amazing lectures, so passionate about her teaching, very clear on expectations. As a STEM major, I looked forward to this class as a chance to relax and enjoy interacting with different literature.  She's funny, sweet, and a little fireball of energy. Absolutely loved her. She commutes from NY and brought us cookies three times. TAKE.
5.0 : She does a really good job of making sure students know what they're learning and giving them way of remembering. There's a lot of memorization but she knows her stuff, and she's really sweet and will always repeat or clarify anything. In general don't skip lab with any TA because you'll miss a lot of info.
4.5 : Hard class but really helpful in class and puts in extra time to help
5.0 : anatomy is so hard but she gives good ways to remember everything
3.5 : Great professor, really loves what he teaches. Never bothers you about coming to class although he does some of the labs in class so it is helpful. Labs and written problems are due every week and start off pretty easy but tend to get pretty difficult by then end.
4.5 : Great Professor, very laid-back and passionate about the subject. He understands the course can be hard for students with little background knowledge and is more then ready to assist in lab and office hours. Attendance to lectures isn't necessary but helps, although i would strongly recommend going to Lab and keeping up on assignments.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had at Temple. Approachable, funny, passionate about coding and genuinely cares about his students. He makes complex concepts easy to understand. Labs/assignments can be lengthy, but if you take the time to do them right and think them out, you'll be set for exams. Take his class; you won't be disappointed!
5.0 : I never coded before and got a B. He Really cares about the subject and takes time to explain why Java works the way it does. His office hours are very helpful and he explains very clearly why your code either works or does not work. He is very caring and all of my friends also loved him as a professor.
4.0 : Good professor. Passionate about the subject. He will give you lots of help if you come to his office hours. Laid back, won't bother you about attendance. Lots of assignments, written and programming. They start out easy but by the end they get difficult. Good to know some general programming before taking this class; loops, if else, operators.
5.0 : Joe really cares about his students. He'll go the extra mile to help prepare you for future programming courses.  As for the material, it's pretty easy if you did well in 1068/2168.  Midterm wasn't bad at all.  Most of the projects reinforce concepts from lecture, and for the most part are doable in a couple of hours.
4.0 : Funny and keeps the heavy material lite. Emphasizes review which is great for an entry level class.
4.0 : Is really willing to help you, and wants to see you succeed. I took computer science in high school, and had a lot of trouble with it, but the way Professor Jupin taught it made me interested in the subject and is the reason why I ended up picking comp sci as my major. If you do the work and read the text (it's online) you will definitely do well.
4.5 : Great teacher! He made waking up for my 8am fun! Very clear and great content, and he lead some great relateable class discussions!
4.5 : Ben was a really great professor. None of his lectures we're boring and he never put me to sleep, even at 8 am. I would take him again for any class. Glad I got to meet him.
4.5 : Great teacher
5.0 : Ben, as we students call him, is the type of professor every college kid dreams of having. His lectures are interesting, his assignments are manageable, and as long as you attend the study session then you have a likely chance of passing his exams. However I never used the textbook because all exam material came from the notes.
5.0 : Overall he is a great teacher! You do need to be there to get credit for attendance because he does it randomly, but other than that he is great
4.0 : Great teacher. He is very nice and pretty chill. There is work however but pretty manageable. He says to read the book but none of us ever did for Leisure. In fact, probably wasted money buying it. 4 exams no cumulative. There is a social justice paper though and he grades it pretty hardly. Good teacher and pretty easy A if you do your work.
4.5 : He's the coolest. I took his 8am class Fall of 2015. He understood that it was really early and didn't take attendance every day. The class was all lecture, but it was super informative. He knows a lot about THM, and it shows. He's the coolest
5.0 : Ben provided very insightful lectures and was just an all around great guy to learn from. His lectures are engaging and always left me and my friends talking about the material further after class.
4.5 : Great professor! made the class really fun and entertaining. Attendance is required, but the class is in no way hard to follow or not worth going to. all around would recommend him!
5.0 : The best professor I had so far for my first year in Temple. He is really willing to help and super nice guy too. Although the thought paper is a bit of hard for me, he will drop several of them at the of semester which can boost up the grade.
4.0 : He is very friendly and accessible after class. If you have any confusions over the exams or assignment, don't hesitate to ask him as he will explain carefully everything for you. The problems I have with him is that too many works to do and his TA. Study session with his TA is useless and he lets his TA do pretty much all the gradings.
5.0 : Dr. Ben, as we called him, was a great professor! I had him for Business of Leisure and he was a nice, easy going guy. He explained the material clearly, and went over it as many times as necessary. Answered any questions you may have, never made you feel stupid. Made time for students. Only 4 exams, no quizzes. Short papers each week. Take him!!!
5.0 : Awesome dude. His lectures are clear and interesting. Has 'Thought Papers' randomly to keep attendance up but they are simple. Teaches from PP but does not post them. Extremely willing to help out outside of class. Tests are a lot of memorizing the info but if you go to class, pay attentions, and take notes you will do well. He is a such a cool guy
5.0 : Dr. Ben is the most down to earth guy ever with a lively personality . His class is very enjoyable but not an easy A. Homework only consists of reading which only helps you on the test. Lecture based class , taking notes is essential and attendance is not mandatory but he does give thought papers randomly every week worth 10 points each that add up
4.0 : Hes a cool guy and actually wantsto help. Will include students during lectures if they want. Homework doesnt matter. Go to class because he doesnt put every powerpoint up and he will give thought papers which are easy points. Tests arent easy because theres a lot of info. But hes cool, funny, and available. One of our TAs graded tough, f  jeff
5.0 : super cool and interesting guy. class is easy if you stay on top of weekly assignments (no more than 30 minutes per week)and follow the simple powerpoints. the class is interesting and common sense. attendance is mandatory but monitored through an app ( a friend in class can give you the code if you're absent). definitely recommend, hes a nice dude
4.0 : Great guy
4.0 : Dr. Ben is super cool and funny, very approachable and willing to help his students. Weekly discussion board posts and content quizzes, 1 easy group project and 3 exams. Not difficult work, all PowerPoints get posted on canvas so they're easy to look over. Occasionally takes attendance on PollEverywhere
5.0 : Really great professor! Attendance is mandatory but it's through an app so if you have a friend in it you can ask for the code and ur good. Easy going and understanding. Only 4 exams. Short papers each week. Genuinely cares about students &amp; will always be there for office hours &amp; he answers emails quick. Take him!!
5.0 : Dr. Ben is a super laid back guy, he seemed a little nervous a times but only because it was his first semester teaching. The material is really interesting and there's no textbook. A few homework assignments and 3 exams and that is pretty much the class. Go to his office hours he's really easy to talk to.
5.0 : McAleer is absolutely amazing. I have never met a more caring professor. She goes out of her way to do whatever she can to help you. She CARES!! She is inspiring and makes class fun. I really hope more nursing students have her as a professor for Health Assessment.
5.0 : Aly is the best, easiest class you will ever take in college, she's really cool and funny and truly wants every student to get an A. Every exam and homework is open book and online. Would totally take her again if I could.
3.0 : Professor Lester is a nice lady she means well but her class is very disorganized. The exams are timed online and open book but kind of hard if you do not prepare before. Overall, it is not that difficult if you show up and do the work. The lectures are EXTREMELY boring though.
5.0 : Literally one of my favorite teachers ever. Tests are online and so easy and she is always there to clarify anything. She takes care of any issues. Would recommend going to her review sessions if you want 100% but you will probably still get an A without going. 2 labs that she outlines, 6 homeworks (no more than 12 questions), and 3 critiques
5.0 : Alyson is my favorite. All of her assignments are online. ONLY TWO online test. She gives you all of her lecture notes online. There's only two lab reports and she gives you an outline to follow. Not to mention she is the sweetest woman ever and always there to help you out or even just have a conversation walking out of class.
3.0 : Professor Moy is a hard worker and this comes across with her expectations of students. I never questioned my ability to do well as a macro social worker until I had this professor. I am still not sure if that is a good thing. The directions for our assignments were unclear at times and I was left more concerned about my grade than learning.
5.0 : Ms. Moy is an excellent professor. Who encourages the best in student and studies. Knowledge is the key.
4.5 : She is very nice. Class is super easy. Can't get any easier than this. She is always there for you. Very helpful. Loves her job. Inspire students to be their beast. Take the class pass with an A.
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've ever had.  Kathleen genuinely cares about her students and inspires everyone to be their best.  The class was super easily as long as you sort of listened and have basic common sense.  Definitely take her!!!
5.0 : Easy A, make sure you do all the assignments and show up for class. Tests are mostly based on online notes but includes some information from the textbook as well.
5.0 : Professor Voss is so sweet and a great teacher.  She makes sure that she engages with all of her students and is like a mother figure to everyone.  She is very helpful and really loves what she does.  Highly suggest taking her.
4.0 : Professor Voss is very passionate about her students and gets very excited when she hears that anyone has made advances towards a job. Her class is very conversation based, with a large portion of the grade as group presentations.
3.0 : As I take the class online, I don't like her at all. The grading is quite unclear, especially with the participation, discussion boards, and quiz. The exams are definitely not easy and also quite unclear. I see myself as a good exam taker, but I don't do so well in her class also. Not too approachable too.
4.0 : Such an amazing lady. Gives really good feedback on projects. Exams are difficult but projects are weighted more and very easy. I was .5% away from B+ and she rounded up. Lectures are clear and helpful.
5.0 : The whole class was basically group projects and quizzes. I don't really know what the chilly pepper is about. She is honestly a mom.
4.0 : Good class, lots of work
5.0 : She is the COOLEST professor I've ever had here at Temple. She cares so much about her students. She's also hilarious. Everyone is always laughing in her class. She's a super easy grader, but you can tell she loves what she does. Wish I could take her every semester.
4.0 : Prof. Voss is a really nice professor and very upbeat and mom-like. Having her for a freshman course is a great transition from the informal teachers in high school and more formal professors.  Although she is really nice, the course is almost entirely fluff. In terms of things you learn and can apply in the future, HRM 1901 lacks content.
5.0 : Voss really is a great teacher. She is practically a mother to everyone in the class and really does care about questions and concerns that her students have. Definitely try to take her if you're looking for a good time and an easy a.
2.0 : This is a pretty easy and useless class regardless of the professor, but Professor Voss does not make it much better. She's nice personally and she's fairly easygoing but her grading makes absolutely no sense and class isn't great because of her faux inverted classroom teaching style.
5.0 : Definitely recommend this teacher for BA3102. Great teacher. Read the articles, show up to every class, she always lets you go early. Tests are really easy if you go through powerpoint, and articles. Three easy assignments. No essays. Three easy discussion groups. Really great and easy teacher.
4.0 : Kathleen is a very nice professor who gives good feedback on projects. Her tests can be tricky but as long as you study the exam reviews, you'll be fine. The course itself really lacks content but she does her best to make it interesting.
4.0 : Voss makes a point to look out for her students.  She is like a mom who gets excited when she hears you interviewed for a job and makes sure that you're taking care of yourself when sick.  She has a flipped classroom, but she goes over everything that should be done at home.
5.0 : She is AMAZING! She expects students to attend every class and to participate, but I actually wanted to attend and participate. Her lectures are clear and interesting (provides great examples and tells stories), tests are easy if you attend. She is very helpful and always there for you. I would take her for all of my classes if I could:(
5.0 : Dr. Kathleen Voss wonderfully introduces students to the Fox School of Business and to the world of Human Resources. Without a doubt, Kathleen's clarity and helpful feedback set students up for success in her class. Make sure to read the articles and view videos ahead of class, as class usually begins with a poll regarding the assignment.
5.0 : Professor Issacs is one of the BEST professors at Temple in Law/ Legal Studies. The structure of the class makes it very easy to learn the concepts and apply them! Read the cases and participate in class and you will do very well! Tests are open ended, but he fully prepares you for them! I HIGHLY suggest him!!!!
5.0 : Dan is such an awesome teacher. He loves what he has to talk about. His exams aren't hard and he doesn't make you buy a book. Every case you need to read is online. He grades pretty easy, too. He's so nice and funny.
5.0 : Dan is a great prof. Hes one of the nicest guys. Can be a little all over the place at times. Hes super approachable and really cares. Very knowledgeable. Has a great sense of humor. Show up, participate, have a good attitude! He will notice and work with you if you are struggling. Not many assignments but get ready to read a lot. Take him!
5.0 : Professor Jiang is a good professor, he will go over every details on his powerpoint or write it down on the white board. He explains the concepts really clear, I would suggest those who do not like asking or answering questions during class to take him.
5.0 : He's an awesome teacher. Take him. Seriously. He helps you with everything. All your cases he writes out how to do it. The homework is kinda hard but it doesn't count THAT much. His practice exams are almost the same as actual exams. He cracks little jokes and he helps everyone and wants everyone to pass.
5.0 : I truly enjoyed this class even though it met only once a week (night class). Professor Cheng really made the class enjoyable even when the material was not. Would truly recommend him for anyone who has to take FIN3101.
5.0 : Jason is great, do not be afraid to take him. Very nice and approachable. 3 exams and online my finance lab homework + cat questions. He decided to record the homework review instead of doing it in class, (night class anyway this was great) I loved this because you can look back on the video for homework help, same questions different numbers.
4.0 : Extremely likable guy who has a passion for Finance.  Lets you bring a hand-written formula sheet to exams which is awesome.  Focus all your efforts on the Learning Catalytics questions.  They're the same questions on the test just different numbers.
5.0 : Jason is a cool guy. Good sense of humor. Lectures can be super long though. If you come to every class, you get extra credit which is nice. Lots of homework, 6 or 7 mini cases, 3 big cases, and 3 exams. Finance is my minor and I actually enjoy this class a lot because of him. Easy grader, take him!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Temple! He is very approachable and likable. He cracks jokes all the time to lighten up the mood. Grading is straight forward and he explains the material so well that anyone could do it. This guy made Finance enjoyable (which can be hard to do). Do not hesitate to take him! Smooth A if you put in the effort.
1.5 : All over the place.  All of the tests are written by the TA, who couldn't care less.  Even if you know the material you wont get above a B due to his incompetence.
5.0 : This guy is really great.  Always available to help.  Really knows his stuff and has lots of great examples.  One of the best.
5.0 : One of the top professors at Fox.  Always comes early to class and stays late.  Has extra office hours.  Gives us lots of examples and opportunities to do problems interactively in class.
5.0 : Great real world examples.  We get to do problems right in class at the board.  Unique approach.  Engaging.  Keeps us on our toes.
4.5 : Awesome guy. Understands students and is considerate of their problems. Great real world examples. Put in a little extra work on your own and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Professor Savitz was one of the best professors I have had at Temple. This class is hard because they combine two classes and make it one class.  There is a lot of information but Savitz is always there to help and will go out of his way to help.  He truly wants everyone to succeed and I would definitely choose him every time.
4.0 : Jeff Savitz is a wonderful professor who really wants you to PASS THE COURSE. He makes it clear at the very beginning of the semester that Stats 2103 is the hardest course at Fox but he makes sure that you always know everything you need to know  to pass. He definitely has a sense of humor and is definitely there to help students.
3.5 : Savitz is a good professor who will do anything to help you succeed. He even gave out his phone number to call him on weekends if you needed help. Plus, he gives a crazy amount of extra credit. I had 13% added back to my grade by the end of the course and ended with a 104%.
4.0 : Savitz is my favorite. He cares about his students so much, and gives extra credit every time you raise your hand. He gives online homework with infinite tries so it's not too difficult. He goes a little fast but posts all notes on blackboard so it's easy to keep up. And if you're confused, he's really helpful.
4.0 : Professor Savitz is a funny and intelligent businessman. He has a lot of experiences in this field and owned top 50 consulting company. He tells his experiences in the field during the class and try to make jokes. However, he is not a great professor. Exams have a lot of errors and he doesn't give good explanation for every chapter you will learn.
4.0 : He's a really good professor. Gives a lot of real world examples to aid your learning of the material. People seem to have mixed feelings about him, but he's a really nice guy and teaches the material really well.
5.0 : Professor Savitz is one of the best I've had at Fox.  He genuinely cares about the students and does much more than the other teachers I've had.  He's got great lecture notes and draws shy students out like me to participate.
5.0 : Very caring professor. Will take extra time to help you understand.
5.0 : Follow his instructions and its easy to get an A in the class
4.5 : Savitz knows his stuff! This is not an easy class in any way but rest assure if YOU WANT to learn he will bend over backwards to help teach you. This subject does not come easy to me but he offers time before classes, after class, on his off days, will offer his cell phone number if you need to talk through a problem. He wants you to know the topic
5.0 : has presence
5.0 : Great professor! Very engaging and funny. Great ties and socks lol
5.0 : Professor Savitz truly cares about his students. He wants to see us all do the very best we can and walk away with knowledge that will help us be successful in the future! He takes extra time to ensure we know the material.
4.0 : Very fair, tells you how it is. If you put the slightest effort into class, you will do fine. You pay to go to college, so don't skip class. You'll learn something.
5.0 : Professor Savitz knows how to explain complex ideas in common human terms.  Stats are still a real challenge, but one that keeps up our sense of humor and desire to learn more from Mr. Savitz.
5.0 : This class is tough but Savitz does a really good job of trying to make it as clear as possible. He will repeat a board problem if someone needs additional help. He also worked with a lot of different companies so he knows what he is talking about. This class is something you learn and practice on your own time.
2.5 : Professor Savitz was NOT clear on homework assignments or when there was quizzes in class. So ALWAYS be on lookout for that. Gives decent amount of extra credit if you can give correct answers for in class problems. VERY challenging class and Professor Savitz does NOT make the course easier. Great guy but very unorganized.
3.5 : Savitz teaches the material well and will go over it again until you understand it. His grades were pretty unorganized. His "extra credits" aren't really extra credits because he grades them as assignments. He or his TA will lose your assignments so make copies or you will get zeros! He's a great person and teacher, just very unorganized.
5.0 : Jeff is a great professor.  He spends time making sure virtually everyone learns the material.  He did a fantastic review for the final.  I'm not doing that well, but that's because I'm not a math person.  But I still learned an awful lot in that course because of Professor Savitz.
5.0 : Professor Savitz knows how to keep my attention in class and keep me motivated to work hard by giving real life examples on how statistics are used in business.  He should be given an award.
5.0 : Savitz is a lot better than many other professors at Temple.  He is the level I expect from a school with that reputation.  He knows more about all the ways statistics can be used than any other teacher I have had in college or high school.
5.0 : He's more than just a college professor.  You will want to keep in contact with him. He knows what he's talking about.
5.0 : Professor Jeff is amazing.  Very personable, he goes out of his way to help each and every student.  He has such interesting examples of how he used the material in his work..  A definite keeper!!
5.0 : I liked the class. whenever you need something you can reach the professor by calling on his selfphone ( he actually picks up and helps you ) or schedule a meeting.
5.0 : What an unusually great professor for Temple.  He really engages us with war stories of projects he did over his long successful business career, it always there - I don't know when he doesn't have office hours.  I would recommend him to any and all students of statistics.  And, they said statistics is boring!  Nonsense!!!
5.0 : Dr. Savitz is one of a kind.  He goes out of his way to make sure everyone master the material.  Has very interesting examples of how statistics is used in business and frankly he is as funny as can be.  I would recommend him to anyone, especially those who have trouble with math like I do.
2.5 : Where do I start with this guy. He's brilliant in his field, no doubt, but his explanation is horrible. very confusing class. doesn't matter how hard you work in class because 80% of your grade depends on two midterms and a final. Would not recommend.
2.5 : I have mixed feelings. On one hand, he's one of the nicest, most down to earth professor I've had. Extremely chill and hilarious. However, he absolutely cannot teach. He is very experienced in stat but he just can't express his thoughts in a clear manner. Test/quiz questions are so weirdly and ambiguously worded and are basically impossible to do.
4.0 : I took his class in Center City as a night class and it was amazing. The class was supposed to be two and a half hours but the longest it ever lasted was one hour and a half. His tests are open book and his homeworks are all definitions that you can look up. He's super funny and nice.
5.0 : My favorite professor by far. Love going to her class. Not a big fan of the Op-Ed assignments but in all honesty they are very easy and straightforward. Would love to take another class with Anne Frankel. She is the best!
5.0 : Assigns a lot of readings but he talks about it in class, so you technically dont have to do it. His class is discussion based but he doesn't grade you on participation so you could just sit there and do nothing if you want. I would say he's an easy grader and has a clear rubric on what he wants from you in exams and papers. Chill professor overall
4.5 : Best professor! He doesn't take attendance but I still came to this class more than other classes. We had 3 short papers, no midterm and a final which isn't bad because he's a really easy grader and just wants you to understand the material. There's a lot of reading but he posts lecture notes and talks about it in class. Definitely an easy A.
5.0 : Great professor. Super funny, laid back, and just wants to talk philosophy with students. He's a very easy grader. Theres reading but he goes over it in class, plus he puts up notes on Blackboard on pretty much everything you need for essays/exams. 2 short essays, a midterm and a final. This is his 1st year teaching too i think. Take him!
5.0 : Fox was great and knowledgeable! Didn't do anything in the class all semester except write a couple papers which are graded for completion to be honest. Participation in this class just means being attentive. May appear strange, but he does get to his point in a roundabout way. And the positive energy he gives off is very up-lifting.
4.5 : I've had Levi before for a history course, and I took him for Mosaics this semester. His class is super easy. He is a little weird, but it gets your attention. He goes over readings with you, you honestly don't have to participate if you don't feel like it. His tests are open note, open book. Super easy class, would take him again.
5.0 : Great Professor. Easy to understand and didn't teach specifically off of powerpoints. She was helpful for assignments and gave great feedback. Fair grader and overall nice person.
5.0 : Kim is the nicest professor I have had at Temple. She is so easy to talk to and understand. voice your opinion in class and she will love you! I wish I had the chance to take her again.
5.0 : Professor McKay was a great instructor, very caring and compassionate. She cares about her students and making sure everyone understands the material.
5.0 : She was a great teacher. nice and easy going.
4.5 : Gehman is so nice. He's a younger professor so he's easy to talk to. Very soft spoken. Easy lectures. A little boring but it's math so that's to be expected. He's willing to help and everything with him is very straightfoward: homework, tests, and quizzes. He's there if you need help. Very nice guy, easy going, no tricks. I give him an A+
5.0 : WOOOOOO !!! Keep it up
5.0 : Definitely grade A professor.  She is so beautiful and badass.  10 out of 10 would recommend!
5.0 : The feedback she gives is incredibly helpful and never just critical without offering solutions or trying to help. The readings can get to be a little long, but when discussing them in class often times it's fine if you've just skimmed or read parts of it. The papers are long, but easy and generally personable fun topics. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Best Literature and writing professor for Eng 802 or 902. I absolutely love Professor Lauren, She is amazing!!!! You read a lot but the papers are so much fun and so applicable to life. I absolutely loved this class. She gives awesome feedback and is so interested in her students beyond school work. Amazing professor!! RECOMMEND!!
4.5 : At first I thought I was going to hate this class because the start of the semester has a lot of readings and work, however after the first few weeks the work load lightened and I was able to actually enjoy the class! The readings and novels for this class are truly enjoyable and Lauren is one of the best professors I've had. She's very helpful!
4.5 : Lauren is a very sweet professor. She cares for her students and will take time to make sure everyone is on track. Getting an A is easy as long as you do all of the weekly assignments and save all the work from the class to include into your portfolio. She gives great feedback on assignments and is very passionate about what she teaches.
4.5 : The homework is an easy A. I never got the book but am still passing. He's helpful and pretty chill.
5.0 : sarah was one of the most wholesome drawing teachers i've ever had. she's so so respectful of everyone and geniunely tries to get involved and help everyone succeed. she is super awesome and deserves a ton of respect, make sure you always do the homework and dont skip classes, you need to be present to learn plus it gets more respect from her.
4.0 : Sarah is a wonderful person and a great artist. She is very helpful and will constantly ask if anyone needs any help. She shows a lot of inspiration examples from artist books. Only thing that is slightly frustrating is that you don't get to see any of your grades until the end. She is very nice during crits sometimes a little too nice.
3.5 : Sarah is a very kind person. I am NOT a strong drawer. She helped me sooooo much, she was very helpful and gentle with critics, which rather than scare me away from trying, made me break out of my shell and experiment. Her grading is confusing, and sometimes she's vague, but other than that she was great!
4.5 : Gerard is a character. He is a great professor. At first he seems a bit intimidating because of the fast pace that he wants his students to move at, but he will overall make you improve as an artist and creative thinker. He expects good work and I respected that. His critiques are very helpful. he says "ya know? Hahaha" a lot and it's pretty funny
5.0 : Gerard is fantastic. He has such character. However, he CAN be a bit of a hardass. He WILL make you work, and you better put your 150% into everything for him. He taught me a great work ethic. He WILL help you if you ask him, he may come across as a jerk at first, but he will drop everything for his students. I will miss having him next semester!
5.0 : Ross is the teacher that makes you want to become a teacher.
5.0 : Ross made me want to go to every class. His lectures promote being open minded about sensitive cultural topics. He creates relationships with students and cares about how they feel in his class. His idea of student centered teaching promotes students to engage in the material by participating in activities rather than sitting and listening.
5.0 : Ross is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He is respectful to his students and creates a fun environment to learn. He makes sure that everyone understands the material before moving on and engages the class through activities. He cares about students on a personal level and is always there for extra help and support. Favorite class so far!
4.5 : Ross is great. He's super helpful and open to feedback. He's very fair and understanding, and I learn a ton in his class. Not a lot of homework, mostly just readings, along with a weekly assignment and a group project that involves teaching the class. If you can, TAKE ROSS' CLASS. It'll be the best class you have all semester.
4.5 : To simply put, Ross is the Boss. He's one of the funniest, relatable and engaging teachers I ever had. His first time teaching this class and he knocked it out of the park. The class itself was: interesting, engaging, contained very useful knowledge, had easy assignments and it gave me a lot of insight on issues in education. Will help you anytime.
4.5 : Ross is the best professor I've had so far at Temple. He makes the class fun &amp; interesting but still provides a lot of information for you to learn. He shows that he genuinely cares for each of his students. There are a lot of readings but they aren't hard. If you don't take his class you are truly missing out on things to know as a future teacher.
4.5 : Ross (which is what he goes by) is willing to put in any extra effort to help students. He wants every student to succeed and would rather lessen the course load than see students struggle. He is focused on creating an open discussion. Basically if you mostly read the readings, show up and talk, you will understand everything in the course
5.0 : This was definitely a class I was always looking forward to go to. In order to get the most out of this class I would advise you for to do the reading will help you with the group/class discussions. The discussions you will be having in this class will challenge you views on how we see society as it correlates with education. Overall, great class!!
5.0 : Ross is an amazing professor, extremely understanding and helpful. He care about how he's doing to best serve us. Student-centered learning, about 7 weekly assignments in a 14 week semester. Fun guy to have class with, and presents very interesting topics and readings. I would take him again any day.
4.5 : Ross is the best teacher I've had so far at Temple. He cares about his students and cares about what he is teaching. I ended up looking forward to his class every week and learned a great deal from it. I would definitely recommend taking this class, if you don't take it with Ross you are missing out! Awesome teacher and really nice guy!
5.0 : Ross is hands down one of the best teachers I've had ever.  I am honestly sad to see the semester end because I really enjoyed going to his class every week.  I learned so much as a future teacher and my view points have been challenged and changed for the better.  Ross was also extremely understanding and accommodating.
5.0 : The best professor I have ever had at Temple University! Definitely would take them again and again and again! He is super fun, and lectures are super interesting!
5.0 : Ross is my favorite professor at Temple. He wants to see you succeed and cares about your feedback. The class is very interactive, lots of readings but it is all super useful. Overall, 10/10! If you get a chance, take him.
5.0 : Ross was a great teacher! He really cares about his students which is rare in college. He doesn't give any tests just written assignments which are interesting and easy. This was my most interesting class in college, it really opened my mind to different things going on in the world and gave me a lot of information about being a better teacher.
5.0 : Ross has made my first semester of college amazing! I was afraid of not being able to have the same relationships in college like I did with my high school teachers due to classroom size but he has proved me wrong. His class is extremely fun and interactive. I strongly recommend him, he will leave a lasting impression on your educational career.
5.0 : Understanding Urban Communities was a great class! It's packed with sociolgy, urban policy, and race and ethnic relations. The readings are MOSTLY engaging but don't think you can read all the short ones, he reviews in class the LONG ass readings! ;)
5.0 : Great guy, great teacher, great class. Nothing more to be said.
4.5 : Great teacher. Pretty funny guy and he relates to students well,  Overall one of my favorite professors.
4.0 : He is seriously such a nice guy... but the lectures were so boring and dry. The exams were memorizing like 70 works and who they were made by, out of what, during what year, what period style, etc. I just regurgitated facts I memorized for exams rather than actually learning about the styles and their context. I learned next to nothing.
4.5 : Really great teacher, actually taking second half of this class with him in the Spring!!! Really great guy, knows what he's talking about. Field trips were interesting and followed by easy essays. Only downfall is the tests are difficult, but he prepares you well. Loved this class!!
5.0 : I absolutely loved prof. Brelje! She was so sweet and really cared that the students understood everything. It was my 1st time taking a philosophy class and she was super accommodating. I had to email her a few times for help and she always went above and beyond. Definitely take her if you can!!!
5.0 : The nicest professor, very approachable and understanding. Class is basically discussing book chapters for the 1st half of the semester and working on the final paper for the 2nd half. Many guest speakers came and Kate brings in food sometimes.
4.0 : Most boring and uneventful class of my life. Not challenged, not fun, and pretty awkward.
4.0 : Kate is such a nice teacher and tries to make the class entertaining. There's a lot of reading, but she goes over it in depth. The one test we had was not difficult because we got the questions in advance. The class itself is a little boring at times and has no applicable use unless you're studying something along the lines of art theory. Easy A
3.5 : Overall, the class is super easy. There is an essay midterm and final which you get the qts for ahead of time. There is one super easy project and she gives a week off from classes which is also pretty sweet. Fun lectures, easy A.
5.0 : Had some of the best reading selections of any of my classes by far. This ethics class gave me a good basis in ethics and the environment that I can use in my day to day life. She is for sure worth taking
4.5 : I loved this teacher. She was so helpful that I took her course TWICE. Basic Spanish I and Basic Spanish II. She is young so she easily gets along with her students and really does care for her students. She even emailed me personally because of my attendance and gave me tremendous support throughout. Loved this teacher and class! GREAT CLASS
5.0 : Very friendly, easy to understand, and moves at a pace that is accommodating of both complete beginners and those who have some background in the language. Quizzes and tests are fair-- no trick questions, and she tells you just what will be on the test. Definitely take her if you can!
5.0 : Great Professor she explains everything well and prepare you for tests, No surprises on test! I recommend her if your looking for an elective or required class!
4.5 : Very kind and respectful teacher, a ton of online homework but very straight forward. The homework is generated from the book, so cant blame her for the format of it. Dont be late even by a minute or you get participation points taken. all in all she was very fair and nice and i would recommend her
5.0 : Really cares about her students! Will go out of her way to help if you ask for it. If you are a CLA student, and need a foreign language take her!
5.0 : My whole class loved her! I would have taken her for Spanish 2 if the times worked out.  Super helpful and caring.  She really encourages you to learn the language.
4.5 : If you have the chance, take her for bizcom. Bizcom is a tough class regardless, so expect to put work into the class. She will give you amazing feedback before and after you submit your papers and is always available for questions through ample office hours, quick e-mail, and even phone calls.
5.0 : Professor Pollitt is super awesome. I would highly recommend taking any class with her if you can. She is a super nice person who truly cares about her students. She is very open with the class and is understanding of her students. Her only flaw would be that she was very opinionated about politics during election time.
5.0 : Professor Pollitt is fantastic. very passionate about making all types of folks on the gender and sexual orientation spectrum feel comfortable with who they are. very inspiring to those who are ashamed of who they are. She really changed my outlook on life. really cares about the students and wants to make the world a more open, sex positive place
5.0 : The best teacher ever. Every lecture is something new and so interesting. Dr. J loves to express her own feelings towards the lectures and does not beat around the  bush when doing so. She loves for students to engage in lectures. Little quizzes and homework here or there. If you don't take Dr. J you are missing out on an experience of a life time!
5.0 : By far the best professor I've ever had.  She genuinely cares about what she's talking about and her students and it really shows. I had her for two classes one semester and her material overlaps. Not only is she an amazing professor, but her classes are easy.  Take anything she teaches if you have the chance.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Had her for Gender in America and always looked forward to class. She is very upbeat and loves what she does. She is also mmmmm very hot!
5.0 : Took her for the Human Sexuality class. She's amazing and the class is very cool. Don't need a textbook and you barley do any work.  More or less is just a big conversion everyday. Highly recommend for an easy grade or to learn real world things.
4.5 : Love her. The class is so relaxed and laid back. Gives little to no homework. Small check-in essays and quizzes here and there but they're so easy. Lectures are eye opening and interesting. Enjoyed each class
5.0 : Professor Pollitt is by far the best professor I have ever had. she truly cares about her students. Everything you learn in her class can be applied to your life outside of the classroom. Highly recommend.
5.0 : She's honestly an amazing professor. I took her Gender in America class and it was honestly the most enjoyable GenED I ever took. She's hilarious, and intelligent beyond words. She makes you want to learn, and is never boring in the class room. I'd take any of her classes again.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor, she inspires everyone through her lectures.
5.0 : Chris has a passion for teaching and it makes the class fun and time fly by.  Show up to class, participate and do the homework.  Lots of fun games and activities.  He is very helpful! He answers emails quicker than any  professor I have ever had.  There are no tests but Celebrations of Knowledge and no worksheets but funsheets.
5.0 : Chris is one of the best professors you could have at Temple University. He's there with you to help you learn the material and teach a Spanish course that doesn't feel tedious. I'm glad he's teaching Spanish 2 next semester so I can have him again. Chris's fun and comfortable instruction proves you don't have to be Spanish to teach Spanish well.
5.0 : He is willing to meet with you on short notices. He really cares and wants class to be fun. We played a lot of games. Oh! it is really world Spanish not all  from the book. I would take Spanish again with him.
5.0 : Chris is fun, friendly, smart, and entertaining. He creates a classroom environment that encourages us all to love Spanish. He creates an interactive and enjoyable classroom that enhances our learning, and uses games, homework, and songs that allows us to play, read, and hear Spanish. He goes out of his way to help each student. He is inspirational
5.0 : Chris was amazing, a great guy and he's super helpful! I wanted to take him again for spanish 3 but he only does 1&amp;2 as of right now. He's super kind and wants you to love spanish as much as he does
5.0 : I cannot say enough good things about Chris. He is the best professor i've ever had and likely will be the best professor I ever will have. He genuinely cares about his students and loves teaching Spanish. Tests are easy, homework is easy, and class is fun. He doesn't teach out of the book and relates all activities to the real world. Take him!
5.0 : Professor Jacobs was amazing, he cares so much about his students and wants our input to make sure everyone is enjoying the class. The tests are super easy, and after they are graded you have the opportunity to fix your mistakes and get points back. Overall an easy A and a great class!
5.0 : All around just amazing guy. He's probably one of the most caring professors you're ever going to have. He cares about his students, is easy to reach and makes class a good time. He well prepares you for test and class is pretty easy. Highly recommend if you struggle with Spanish or want an easy grade.
4.5 : He is the best professor to take if you A) never took Spanish before or B) if you want an easy A in a language class. He is so easy and makes the class so much fun. He's very dorky but is a great teacher and makes so many corney jokes that make the class go by super quick. Take him for Spanish 1001 if you want a great, young, funny  professor!
5.0 : Chris is just amazing. He will forever be my favorite professor. Attendance and participation are a huge part of the grade so showing up already helps your grade. Grades test super easily. He loves teaching and really really cares about his students.
5.0 : Simply put, a fantastic teacher. Engages the class with activities that make the  class fly by. You pretty much play games all semester. A lot of homework but it's an easy A.
5.0 : Really great attitude towards all content and all students. Extremely caring and exceptional feedback. Passionate about good quality papers and will make sure your essays make sense. She's very well traveled, cultured, has a broad vision towards the world and life, is accepting, inclusive, and supportive. Intellectual outreach and ambition.
5.0 : professor cochran is one of the best eng802 professors you can get at temple. she's the sweetest, friendliest woman who promotes a really welcoming class environment and her class is actually pretty fun. there's no textbook, and all the readings are online. there's only 3 essays that she gives you a lot of feedback for. she is truly the best!
5.0 : The best teacher I've had at Temple so far, extremely easy to talk with and seems very genuine. Also very cute, that helped me through some of those 2 hour classes. I'd recommend to anyone taking English 802
5.0 : She's a really great teacher who cares and tries to make class fun. There are 3 papers to be written for the course that range from 5-8 pages long each. Participation does matter so be prepared to discuss readings in class. She's more than fair and is always prepared for class. It's English class and it's 2 hours long, but it wasn't bad at all.
5.0 : Kara is the sweetest professor I've had so far. She gives great feedback on the papers (3 papers to turn in at the end of the semester as a final portfolio) though it may be given a little late. Other than that, I really enjoyed this class. There are no books to buy but be ready to use most of your print allocation because there's nightly articles.
5.0 : She is so sweet. She is very understanding and is easy to approach. She has a gentle tone and can guide the class well. I took the class to complete a Gen Ed and I am very thankful I got her! She gives one of the best feedbacks on the papers and she is really there when you need a answer.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher. I would highly recommend taking this class with her. Her feedback is amazing and don't be afraid to email her if you are having issues. You do have a portfolio due at the end of the class(containing all of your drafts and final papers). Hands down made my freshman year so great. She is such so sweet.
5.0 : She's super sweet, english 802 is a boring class but she does her best to make it more interesting. She gives great feedback for papers and does her best to help. Very fair grader, definitely recommend her. (coming from someone who really hates english)
5.0 : A majority part of your grade lies in the improvement of all previous papers. None of the major grades are graded till the end of the semester. She gives a lot of advice to help you improve your papers and you only have to do three. Attendence is mandatory. Extra credit is also given multiple times throughout the semester.
5.0 : Professor Cochran is a young and fun professor. She is very respectable and goes out of her way to talk to you. She knows everyone's names in my class and we always laugh at least once in her class.
5.0 : Professor Cochran was amazing to say the least! As a freshman she made my transition from high school easy, enouraged an open learning atmosphere, and took her time to help anyone who needed it. I wish all professors were like her.
4.0 : Prof. Cochran was an excellent professor to have my first semester of college. She pushed us. Everyone had something to say and she never shamed anyone for their opinion- be careful though she is extremely liberal and isn't afraid to talk about it. TBH her emails and comments come off as rude or mean, but in person, she is the sweetest ever
5.0 : Professor Cochran is an amazing person overall. Her take on English allowed me to fully enhance my skills as well as gain essential skill sets reflecting on my academics at Temple. I would advice anyone who is struggling with English to register for her english class simply because as a student you will see a transition with the way you write.
5.0 : Prof Cochran genuinely cares about her students &amp; their personal growth in her class. She does a good job using videos/articles to add to the class &amp; make things more interesting. Very understanding &amp; always 100% willing to help you out. Bends on a lot, but isn't a pushover. Be an active participant in her class &amp; it will pay off!
5.0 : Super easy class. She is really nice and really tries to help you out. The homework is easy and there are only three essays that are due at the end of the  semester.
5.0 : Professor Cochran is one of the most inspirational individuals I have ever met. The cross between old and new within her lectures are truly one of the most interesting concepts truly ever seen. She is very open-minded about all topics and is truly here to help if you look for it.
5.0 : Professor Cochran is one of the most caring professors I have met. She gives amazing feedback on the 3 essays we are required to write and offers help if you ask her. I would definitely recommend taking her.
5.0 : TAKE PROF. DELISE! Very passionate intelligent funny and discusses very interesting texts. Class requires participation but he's accepting of all opinions. Focus questions are easy and he even references page #s so its easy to go back if you missed the concept he's talking about. Very good feedback on essays. No exams. Fair grader. No laptops!
3.0 : Tough grader but gives good feedback on assignments. Attendance is required, focus questions due for most readings, no laptops in class, lots of lecture. Understanding professor, tells lots of dad jokes, class can be a bit boring but this may be based on the books that we read.
5.0 : Very passionate about the material and makes you care, too. Brings in a lot of media / modern examples and encourages discussion.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at Temple. The assignments are very manageable, and there are 2 essays and 2 short 1 page papers. He's knowledgable and passionate. You need to raise your hand and speak but he always has a way to respond to you and make whatever you said sound genius. He has a lot of energy and tells dad jokes which makes 8am very bearable.
5.0 : Prof Delise does a good job of laying out what he expects for every assignment. He provides relevant literature to connect to the sometimes dated reading pieces and his lectures are entertaining. He does assign homework but it is very manageable. Great Prof overall!!
5.0 : He listens to his students well and gives awesome feedback. One time a student mentioned they weren't good at writing and his response was "what does that say about me as a teacher if I can't help you improve?" He's dedicated to increasing the knowledge of every student, no matter where they are in the process.
5.0 : Dr. DeLise is so far the greatest professor I've had. Absolutely awesome professor and a really chill, great man. He is extremely knowledgeable about Political Philosophy and even sends up follow-up emails that relate to lectures to offer new points of view. Takes time to greatly help any student who needs it. His dad jokes are awesome. Take him!
5.0 : This guy is just amazing! great person. Best professor Ive had so far. Funny, intelligent and caring. He wants to see you succeed my dudes!!!
5.0 : TAKE PROF DELISE!!! I have him for Mosaic I and you'd think this class would suck, but he makes it bearable. Great guy, very funny, cares about his students. Workload is not bad at all. Participate in class. No tests or quizzes. Take him!!!
5.0 : Great teacher. Inspires students. You will have to a little reading however, he tries his hardest to make it easier for you to do well. Gives great feedback on papers. Give him a chance, and you won't regret taking this class.  A bit of group work so be ready for that.
5.0 : Great teacher very passionate about his job. Highly recommend work is doable and just to help keep lectures of track. Super funny can't stop laughing. Class flies by
5.0 : Great professor, fair and tries to make every text easy as possible. Loved showing up to class and always learning the big takeaways from lectures. Very intuitive and the work done throughout the semester makes writing papers easy.
5.0 : Dr. DeLise is awesome! Allows you to have 3 unexcused absences. Had him for an 8am and thought this would be a big problem, ended up being fine. He is very strict with attendance and absences, so you will not be able to go around it. Downside is he grades decently hard on the essays. GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS. If you do so, you will get 90+ on essays.
4.0 : I enjoyed taking her classes because they were fairly simple.  MIS2101 prepared me for a bunch of the concepts discussed in this section, which was nice.  Prof Gong was always willing to help anybody with a question and was clear with her grading procedures.  Would recommend for anyone taking MIS2502!
3.5 : Jing assigned a lot of homework, but they helped me  learn the material well. I felt accomplished &amp; confident after I finished each assignment. The homework is 30% of your grade, so diligence pays off. When students disputed their grades (for exams or assignments), Jing often listened to them &amp; gave us points back. She also offers extra credit.
5.0 : Jing is a really good professor and examples the material well. There are a lot of In-class activities and assignments but they help you learn the material well. She gives a lot of extra credit and they are easy to do. 1 group project. Lectures are pretty boring but attendance is part of the grade so just sit through it and do the homework there.
5.0 : Best teacher that I've had at Temple. Loved what she was teaching and it really showed. Had our whole class engaged.
4.0 : Subject matter and assignments aren't her choice at all since she's pretty much a rookie and its a gen ed. Although she admittedly isn't much help in terms of citations and formatting, she gives really in-depth feedback on essays and gives good advice for strengthening arguments. Very approachable even though she's a UPenn grad.
5.0 : I had her my first semester and it was also her first so the whole class and her were in the same boat. She followed the guidelines of the class the department gave her so it was kind of boring but she did her best to make it interesting. She's an  extremely nice person.
2.5 : Soky was a very confusing teacher. She didn't know MLA, didn't know the grading criteria, and generally couldn't answer simple questions. She left discussion run awry, and they became wastes of time. No exams, just a portfolio project throughout the semester, papers aren't too hard.
4.5 : Instructor Soky is a friendly and supportive person. She always helped me with my questions after class in long discussions and responded to my emails. I like her personal stories that relate to our English curriculum and the lectures as they help me gain new perspective on the world around us. I highly respect her as an English instructor.
5.0 : Professor Irving created an environment where you could learn about the class as well as get a lot of good information about what career you might want to pursue in Criminal Justice! She is extremely helpful in making sure you know how to do your projects and is very willing to discuss not only the class but how you can reach your career goals!
5.0 : Professor Clark is one of the best professors I've ever taken. She is an incredibly smart woman, and she is very inspiring. I would take her classes over again if I could.
5.0 : Great teacher/class!
5.0 : Ms. Vicki Clark made my first year at Temple Wonderful! I took her class for Race, Ethnicity, and the Immigrant Experience in the US and would take it 10 times over if I could. She's caring and always available to talk after class. I would certainly recommend taking any of her classes!
5.0 : Dr. Clark is literally a wonderful woman. She's so fair and she listens to what everyone has to say. If you like the topic she's teaching, I would definitely take her!
5.0 : Prof Clark is one of the best professors i've taken. Her class was sooo interesting and worth the work you put in. She makes you watch a movie each week outside of class but other than that there's one group presentation and a debate. Totally worth taking!!
5.0 : One word... AWESOME!  This was my favorite class yet, and I'm a senior.  She goes out of her way to make you comfortable, she took us to DC on her own time, she is always available, and I learned more this semester than my 4 years combined. I love Professor Clark.  I definitely recommend you take her class!
5.0 : I learned so much. Take her if you have the chance.
5.0 : She is an inspirational teacher that definitely teaches outside of the box.  You will learn a lot from her class, and become a more critical thinker.  She does not water down  information the way that some students are used to, and so the class can be quite a wake up call for them.  If you do the work and study the material you can't fail!
5.0 : Professor Clark is a very well rounded individual that teaches on a whole new level!  Those who have failed or done bad in her class either did not put in the work to pass  her class, or refused to actually try and learn anything from the class. She treats everyone equally in her class, and respects everyone's point of view. Do the work, and study!
1.5 : She makes you think but the whole class is only out of 100 pts and she makes the tests like trick questions. She'll change one small detail and fail you. She's doesn't answer emails, doesn't give clear directions, and likes to argue. Avoid politics of identity. Worst gen ed ever.
4.0 : Professor Clark is an effective teacher, but she is also unorganized and unclear with assignment directions. Her class had 2 exams, 2 group papers, a debate, a presentation, and weekly quizzes based on 1-2 hour movies she expected us to watch. Additionally, we had 2 field trips, one of which was manadartory. Good teacher, but not worth the headache
5.0 : Professor Clark is the best teacher I have EVER had. I would take every one of her classes if I could. Her style is different (in a good way), and each class you walk away with something new. She is funny and she makes you think. I learned so much this past semester. Her "Race" class is worth taking. 5 STARS!
5.0 : Excellent teacher, great class, worth taking!
5.0 : Her classes will focus a LOT on US History as well as current events. Most of her classes involve lectures /w participation, group activities &amp; videos. In the beginning of the semester, we were divided into groups, and each week a group had to give a chapter summary. 3 books to read, about 3-5 movies to watch on your own time, tests are easy.
5.0 : I looked forward to this class every day. Lectures were incredible. I had her for the history and significance of race in America and even if you think you know a lot, you will get so much out of the class. Material assigned to read and watch as well as field trips are all worth the time. On top of being a great teacher she is caring and funny.
1.5 : Worst professor I've had at Temple. She was often late, unprepared, and unorganized, assignments were constantly changing which was confusing. She teaches almost nothing and then around mid terms gives a study guide of a ton of random information that she has never mentioned.  While it is an easy A you will learn nothing and be very frustrated.
4.0 : You have a midterm, a final, a group project, and a debate. She takes you on two field trips: one to D.C and one to a museum in Philly. She is very knowledgeable, and you learn a lot from this class; however, she does not put grades up on time. You have to buy the two books and make sure you read. This is a very discussion heavy class.
5.0 : I loved this class and Professor Clark is terrific.  She has opened my eyes and now I am considering changing my major.  You should definitely take her class!
5.0 : Excellent professor.  She makes you think.  Loved the class.
2.5 : The course requires you to read a total of 3 books, and they are lengthy. Reading reflections as every week's assignment and you will have two group reading assignments. One test in the beginning of the semester and it's based on the readings and movies. The identity project was sorta unnecessary and she wasn't very clear on the guidelines.
1.0 : Took Ethnicity &amp; the Immigrant Experience in the US. All she did was rant about dumb stuff. Always put students down &amp; made us feel stupid. Doesn't have favs just doesn't like anyone. Had us read 2 boring books that were sort of related to class then had to read a "book club" book. Tried to screw me over with my extra credit. Just DON'T take her!!!
5.0 : Weekly discussions on the weekly videos and reading taking about 3 to 4 hours. You have to write your own post and then comment on someone elses post. If you want to get above a 92% then comment really well and on more than one person post, checking back daily to respond to anyones comments back to you or on the same thred. Midterm+Final are essays
5.0 : I definitely recommend taking Catherine's online section of business, society, &amp; ethics. The course requires two weekly online posts with readings on current events. Just do this and actually show up to online video chat sessions (only four for the entire semester) and you're guaranteed an A.
5.0 : There are 2 weekly discussion board posts due. We had to do 1 paper for the midterm, 1 paper for the final. Only have to actually log into Webex 4 times to meet with the class.  She was very quick to respond to questions, I would recommend taking her course.  No textbook required, she posts a lot of different articles to read &amp; videos to watch
5.0 : She is a great and nice professor and teaches the online class excellently. She is very passionate about the topic. There is a lot to read in this class though.
5.0 : Kate is awesome. There are a lot of professors for this course, but Kate is the professor you should take. It's online, but you only have to attend 4 class sessions. She does not require any textbooks as well. This class gives you a ton of flexibility and she is super friendly and intelligent. I highly recommend her.
4.5 : Aurora did awesome this semester, especially for her first semester teaching. She can only get better from here, and I would absolutely recommend taking her. She is an easy grader, though she assigns a lot of projects and papers, they were fairly easy. Class is never boring, even a 2 hour lecture about geriatrics is interesting coming from her.
4.0 : He makes a terrible subject at least somewhat easier to understand. Makes real life math examples. He is very funny,  and sometimes goes on tangents, but over all a good guy, and decent teacher.
4.0 : Makes a boring topic fun and shoots the breeze for a little bit for a break after a long series of problems, rules, formulas, etc. Doesn't make exam content a mystery but doesn't just hand over good grades, either. You'll need to practice a lot and read ahead. Will cold call for a problems but they're rarely that hard. Final not cumulative.
4.5 : Had him for conversational spanish, and he's awesome! Really cool guy who is very helpful to students. Very easy to talk to him about Spanish culture/language, he gives personal experience and really helps students to understand the language. Very active class too!
5.0 : super easy race/diversity gen ed. show up and talk a few times, can be on your computer the rest of the time. a few papers and two easy presentations. he cares and knows the student struggle and will not make it difficult for you to get an A
5.0 : Conversational Review was my last Spanish class ever and I expected the usual awful  experience. But Guillermo made it so much fun and completely made learning Spanish enjoyable. I wish I could write an essay about how great of an experience I had in his class. He is an amazing professor. If you have to take Spanish choose him!
5.0 : I learned a lot in this class without even realizing. Guillermo really forces you to use Spanish. He pushes you to step outside of your comfort zone and is really encouraged. You discuss real, current topics. Guillermo is easy to talk to and will help you however you need it. I see him as a real asset to the Spanish department at Temple.
5.0 : He's VERY VERY VERY easy. I would definitely take this class again because it was basically free credits
5.0 : If you need an easy world and society Gen-Ed take this class!! Guillermo is such an awesome and friendly guy and an amazing professor!  This guy understand you have other classes and will try to make things easier for you! The open- class discussions actually make you want to come to class. Take him if you need an interesting and easy gen-ed
5.0 : best professor! he is amazing! very helpful! he explains everything thoroughly helps you a lot! exams are not that hard he reviews before exams
5.0 : Easiest class I've ever taken. Class is discussion based where he will give you movies (most are horror) to go home and watch then come in class to discuss about it. Presentation on one movie and hold a group leading discussion are required for each student. Midterm is easy paper and you can choose any controversy topic to write about on final.
5.0 : Guillermo is a professor that will make you feel comfortable in the classroom. He explains things well and will drop everything if you have a question. He takes feedback seriously and will implement suggestions in the classroom. His tests are easy and he preps you well for them with exercises that mirror what you will see on the test.
5.0 : Other than articles once a week and the final project due at the end of the course, there's really no other homework. He never gave any work/assignments back or posted grades, so expect to find out your final grade by the end of the course. However, most of the class got A's with average effort, so I assume he's an easy grader. No textbook.
4.5 : He is very knowledgeable when it comes to architecture, but he is one to continue to talk and talk. Sometimes I would lose him, and it would be hard to participate in his class. But he definitely knows what he is doing and overall is a really great guy.
5.0 : EASIEST HONORS GEN ED EVER! Discussions are simple topics so you can easily give your opinion. He never gave quizzes or exams, and just one final project with a 1 page paper. His lectures are really dry and boring but now that I am taking other gen eds I really took this one for granted. Just participate and he will definitely give you an A.
4.0 : The rating system doesn't work for this type of review here - but he is EXTREMELY monotonous. He'll ask for a discussion, then talk for 1.5 hours all on his lonesome.  Quiet.  You can easily do other work in class.  Easy work, easy grader, one final project that's quite easy. Nicest guy, and super approachable/intelligent-just boring as all get out
4.5 : Ok, he's super nice, laid back, and all that; he even brought us bagels (donuts were also an option) and coffee during the last two weeks of class. BUT! He lectures in this really monotonous low voice that's hard to understand, and it makes participating in discussions kind of hard. Granted, you do get used to it as the semester goes on.
3.0 : Lecture based so he sits in corner of room with speaker and never looks up to see if anyone is there or has a question. He just goes on and on and sometimes it is hard to hear. Attendance is taken everyday and if you miss you lose points. The tests were memorization of pieces and hard multiple choice questions based on lectures
4.5 : Stephen Anderson is the man. He helps you if you need it, makes each class worth going, and knows where his classes usually fall on your priority list. He gets to be monotonous at times, but he's smart as all hell and if you talk to him one on one you really learn that. Tests are easy if you study, and if you fall asleep in class it's ok.
5.0 : Karen is great, she gives great feedback, is always available to help, and is a lot of fun
4.0 : Karen was probably one of my favorite professors in the beginning of the semester. As the semester goes on, you get sick and tired of reading 12+pages of readings every night. She is also extremely opinionated about the topics taught and sort of tries to get you to agree with her bias opinion. Overall, she is a fantastic prof and person.
5.0 : Karen is awesome! She is really clear about the goals of the class then we actually learn about those topics in an interesting way. I appreciate that she has rubrics for grading and is good about giving feedback/opportunities to do better. Doesn't use a textbook (she uses articles, videos, etc.) so that's another plus. Would take her again.
5.0 : Karen is a great professor! One of the most considerate professors I have ever met at Temple U, and she's extremely flexible when it comes to assignments and other things. For example, if you have a better way to do an assignment, you can suggest it and she'd most likely let you! Knows how to make her students feel valuable! VERY FUNNY AS WELL!
5.0 : loved it! Karen is a great instructor, she is very energetic and it is clear she has a passion for education. She provides clear instructions and expectations and always there to  help. She gives the students plenty of opportunities to express themselves and creates a great classroom environment! she is the epitome of what teachers should be like!
5.0 : Karen was awesome!  She made this class much more than it could have been.  She is open minded and really funny.  Karen is a fair grader, but there are a lot of projects throughout the class.  In the end though, I would definitely take this class again!
5.0 : My favorite professor to date! Very clear of goals and expectations. Gives great feedback and is very prompt! Made the class more about really learning the information and going into depth. Prepares you to be the best teacher you could be. There are a lot of readings, some long, but all very much worth it! Would definitely take her again!
4.0 : Karen was a TA for my Honors Mosaics class. Great woman. Always there for help at office hours, definitely on the students' side. A lot of work, but makes you a better writer. Final exam was really tough though. I would recommend.
5.0 : Sentner is a great teacher. I took two classes with him and got both A's. He is young so it's easier for him to connect with students. He will make you work for the final paper which is great since you learn a lot. You won't need a text book at all and he doesn't check attendance (only about 3 times throughout the semester). Will take again!!!
5.0 : I was dreading this class before taking it, but he made the class so clear and easy to follow along. I highly recommend taking him if your someone who doesn't like math that much and is worried about taking this class. He is happy to help and gives you time in lab to work on hw and ask questions. Going to class is very important!!
4.0 : Took Intro to CJ Research with him expecting it to be a nightmare because I hate doing research, but his class was a cakewalk.  Tests were easy, multiple choice, and on material we went over during classes. There's a somewhat lengthy paper due for our final grade, but if you spread it out over the semester, it's not too bad.
4.5 : Stat is a total bummer to take, but Ryan was a cool teacher. If you skip often, don't expect a good grade on the homeworks and exams even though attendance is not mandatory. As long as you understand all of the homework's you should be fine. Really nice guy and always around if you need help!
3.0 : You really have to work hard for this class. He is very blunt so if you aren't doing as good as you hope. The best thing is to keep try. If you skip class you WILL fall behind. Because you need the lectures and steps he talked about with this class. Does not give extra credit. He gives you help and answers any questions. I would not take him again.
4.0 : Nice guy and chill but can sometimes be kinda rude in a way. He's young so I think that's why he's chill. He is funny sometimes but doesn't really care about the students, just his job and the work. Can be a tough grader. Probably wouldn't take again unless I had to.
5.0 : Professor Alvarez is by far the nicest and most understanding professor I have ever had. Her Religion in Philadelphia class (a gen-ed that I highly recommend if you want an easy A) was very interesting and I loved that she took us on field trips through out philly. Only 3 projects, no exams! take this class if you want an easy and beneficial gened.
5.0 : Nicest lady at Temple and her lectures weren't bad. She lets you pick your assignments and they're all fun. She gave a reading every other class which you have to respond to on Blackboard. There's 3 field trips, but they honestly aren't bad at all. As long as you do your work and show up to class you will definitely get an A. Also no final!
5.0 : 3 unit tests. 3 field trips. Plenty of chances to pass the class and no reason to do poorly. She basically lays out the class nice and easily making it impossible to fail unless you are determined to. She incorporates skip days without penalty into her class. EASY A. Take her class if you want to learn without pressure.
5.0 : Professor Alvarez is a very nice professor and she knows the material she is teaching. As long as you do the assignments, you will get an easy A.
5.0 : Professor Alvarez is one of the nicest professors at Temple. She genuinely cares about her students. She gives short response questions for every reading but they're easy and help with class participation. One group presentation and two related assignments per semester and three in-class essays that are really easy to get an A on.
5.0 : Take her class! Prof Alvarez's class was really engaging and discussion based.  Her religion and human sexuality class is the most interesting class I've taken at Temple by far. There were tons of readings but none of them were boring or hard understand. You got to pick which assignments you did (exam, paper, film review etc), which was really nice
5.0 : I took Alvarez for Religion in Philadelphia and I was not looking forward to taking a religion class, but even semesters later it is one of the best classes I've taken. Her class is incredibly interesting and she is inspirational. An A is easily in reach, you just have to do the readings and projects. No tests!
5.0 : Professor Alvarez is an amazing instructor. She really know's her stuff about religion and is easy to learn from. She really promotes class participation, so doing the readings is a must in order to get class participation points. Ending grade depends on how much work you decide to put into the semester. Must take her!!
4.5 : Professor Alvarez is the best Mosaics 2 teacher at Temple University. She is very understanding if an issue comes up for you. We have to read every book, but not to their entirety. Our homework for them is simple short questions that don't take long. There are no tests and no long essays. Just in class essays that can be as long as you want.
5.0 : LOVED her. I had her for IH: The common Good and she was one of the best professors I've ever had. She was so sweet and so caring and she always gave really good lectures and feedback on all my assignments. If you don't get any points on any hw, it's actually your fault because she's such a fair grader, trust me. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : So smart and nice. Creates a comfortable environment. Wonderful class discussions. You can basically do whatever work you want out of many options to get the points you need for an A, so you work at your own pace. She cancelled class the day after trump won, which was really needed. I would take her again in a second
5.0 : Excellent professor. Digresses sometimes, but the lectures are excellent and he still manages to stay on schedule and be entertaining. All around nice guy and very congenial. The material is tough, but that's the way it is, and he is an extremely fair grader. All in all a thought provoking and engaging class.
4.0 : Dr. Fletcher's class uses voicethred so Unit 1 and 2 we had 100 slides each unit with each slide having a couple minutes of him talking about the slide and Unit 3 only had 50 slides with a little bit longer of videos of him talking. We had to make comment on a couple slides and had two essays per unit averaging 700 words. Only had to do 4/6 essays.
5.0 : Nice guy, very easy class. Interesting subject matter, simple presentation.    Each test is open note and you only have to make a few comments on the videos.   I believe you only have to write 4/6 papers, you can do each assignment in about 2 hours and get an A or B.
5.0 : Dr Fletch is one of those professors that you'll never forget. If you put the effort in, he can be an amazing mentor. Don't be put off by his long rants!! Sometimes they're actually interesting.. Go to his office hours and get to know him, he writes amazing letters of recommendation. Attendance is not mandatory, but don't expect to do well.
5.0 : He is a great guy and really cares about his students. He will grade you tough but works with you if you have any issues with the class or a topic in the class. Great professor. I would take him again.
2.5 : Only 7 assignments for whole class: 6 writings (only about 2 pages each, drops one) and your final (group) project.  Takes forever to grade papers.  Entire class consists of him talking... that's it.  You can try to take notes but its hard to do.  Read the readings (theres a lot) and you'll be fine.
2.0 : Not a fan of Chmara-Huff's. He's very condescending to his students, i.e., instead of giving feedback to the whole class on their papers, he wrote an essay he expected us to read instead. The articles he assigned for papers were off-topic and boring, but not overly difficult. His class but not a fun experience, so only take him as a last resort.
5.0 : He's a very considerate guy. I really enjoyed his Earth Ethics class. I already know a lot about the subject matter but he still made it seem refreshing and interesting. You will have to do a lot of reflections but he's lenient if they're a bit late. The in class discussions were always pretty interesting too. Def would recommend.
2.0 : Topics were very interesting. Funny, chill guy, but he doesn't always know what he's talking about. He basically teaches whatever he thinks/believes as fact. As far as facts go he is often wrong.
5.0 : I would take Tom again. For GENDER AND WORLD SOCIETIES MWF we had to read and turn in a quiz every class he has a take-home midterm and final. He is so funny and gives you lots of opportunity for extra credit. He shows videos in class and really opens your eyes to things you didn't know occurred. He always responds to emails and give feedback.
5.0 : He allows you to email him so you don't print it every MWF class at times he runs a few minutes late and warns you about it at the beginning. The way he gets the class to interact the first day is funny. His accent is hot and so is he!
5.0 : The best professor I have ever had. Earth Ethics with Tom will teach you more than any other class, and he makes it so much fun. If you don't take him you're missing out.
5.0 : He is by far the best professor I have ever had. He really engages with the students and is hilarious! The topics of this class can be hard to understand and are controversial, but he is great and listens to everyone's perspectives. There are readings for every class, but he gives a lot of extra credit, so it is an easy A.
4.0 : Tom makes the class an open space. He really cares to learn and shares every applicable ounce of knowledge that he has. He is the kind of educator that will go back and learn if he doesn't know something, and he is truly passionate about his work. Sometimes a few minutes late, but he always makes the class worth the wait. Definitely worth taking.
4.5 : Prof Berendt is awesome.  He's young, relatable and personable.  Reflections for readings are due every class but they aren't difficult.  And he has a quick turn around time with grading.  Oh and he's british.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I have ever had. He makes it seem less of a classroom and connects with every student well. Really nice, and hilarious with his British accent. I hope I get to take him again.
4.0 : He's young, pretty cool, and a great teacher.  I have a feeling he's going to see this.  Hey Nathan!
4.5 : Overall a really cool professor who made a night class somewhat bearable. Course material was interesting at times but based on weekly reading assignments so be prepared for quizzes. No tests!
5.0 : Fantastic! Real world insight from teaching experience and role as exec director of Big Picture Learning, doing gr8 things in Philly Vaux HS. Do the readings, and go on the site visits; they are worth it. Papers are easy, lots of class discussion. GREAT intro if you are totally new to topic/being woke. Understanding if u need to miss class/have rzn
5.0 : If you have the chance, take him! He really knows his stuff. He took a pretty dry course and made it relevant and interesting. He's open to all opinions and respects his students. Even though the class was at 8 AM, I didn't mind going. I would take him again if I had the chance.
4.5 : This semester was David's first at Temple, and his class was great. I had him for an 8 AM, but the class was still very engaging. If you like a lot of discussion definitely take his class. He has a lot of great past experience within education and it really adds to the meaning of the class.
3.5 : David really tries to make this class interesting. Class is mostly just class discussions. Assigns an absurd amount of readings and there are a few pop quizzes. No tests. 2 group presentations. A couple papers. Can be a hard grader. Really enjoyed his class. He is very helpful and wants everyone to succeed. Gives great advice!
3.0 : Overall, a nice guy. He has accomplished a lot yet he is very humble. But he is not the "professor type." All his tests are standardized and from outside sources which makes them harder.
4.0 : Jones is a great professor to take for Advanced Accounting. You learn a good deal, and he makes it interesting along the way as he is a pretty funny dude. His tests are fair, and the workload is suitable for the class.
4.5 : Almost all positive. Really nice guy and funny. Does everything he can to help you get the grade you want. Tests are fair, HW is doable, and the project isn't bad at all. Only problem is the in-class quizzes on TopHat. Most people can just look up the answers online and the questions are somewhat tough if you can't. All said, take him for AdvAct
5.0 : Really nice and helpful guy. Homework is not too bad. Attendance and participation are critical. Group project isn't hard, but put decent effort into it. Study for his exams and use the study guides to find similar problems in the textbook for you to familiarize yourself with. Many students do poorly on the exams, this doesn't have to be the case.
5.0 : Prof. Jones is really amazing.  Teaching , caring , fairness and honesty are in his heart.  He explained every concept extremely well w/o an attitude nor a smart ignorant answer.  He never ever told the students that they were incorrect ;  he would say  " THAT IS CORRECT BUT NOT ACCORDING TO GAAP" and our class loved Dr. Jones.  Prefect for Temple!
5.0 : Sometimes a professor's teaching abilities aren't the most important thing. Dave is genuinely the nicest man at Temple University and will make your day pleasant, even in an 8am accounting class. He will also do whatever he possibly can to help your grade. Do whatever you have to do to take him for any class. You will not regret it.
5.0 : Excellent professor! reading, attendance and completing assignments are a must.  If you have homework difficulty don't wait around nor wait until the last minute to ask for help.  This professor will definitely put you first before himself.  Definitely do your assignments and it's ok to do more than your assignments because it's on the tests.
5.0 : He is a nicest man I ever have at Temple. I'm so sad that the course is over. He always tries his best to help his students to pass. He is funny and understandable professor. I would like to take him again in the future, I hope he can teach more accounting courses beside Advance Accounting.
5.0 : David Jones for President!  Awesome person and professor.  I've had the pleasure of being in both his Advanced Accounting and Federal Tax classes.  Genuinely cares about his students and wants everyone to become productive citizens and accountants.
5.0 : Dave Jones will go down as the best Accounting professor in history. I had him for Advanced Accounting, and he cares about all of his students and is willing to help anyone. Really great guy!
5.0 : Jones is THE man!!! Hands down my favorite professor I've ever had. You must take him for any accounting classes that you can. He is very likeable, fair, and super knowledgable in his field (he was a partner at Ernest and Young).  He cares about his students and makes every effort to help them succeed. 3 tests, group project, homework, and quizzes.
5.0 : Youth Cultures is a great class! Don't be afraid to participate and you will do well. Course contains a good amount of work but it's all relatively easy assignments.
4.0 : One of the best classes I have taken at Temple so far. Thierry is super nice, friendly, and genuinely cares about his students. There is a reading assigned for each class but you can get away without reading them, but he appreciates participation. Lots of groups projects/activities which he grades fairly and easily. No tests/quizzes
5.0 : Professor Thierry is a really nice guy and a great professor. You will have to read quite a bit in his Education in the Global City class and he will ask discussion questions. Participation is huge in this class. Interesting class, great teacher, but you'll have to work for that A.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, especially for Education students. Best role model in the teaching field. Really opens your mind up to everything you'll be facing in your field of study both negative and positive. Totally student-centered teaching. A lot of readings but about interesting topics that will benefit your future in education. Definitely recommend him.
4.0 : Real nice guy &amp; knows what he's talking about. Had him for Education in the Global City. Thought it'd be about education. But we had 3 reading a week, only a week of readings were about education. This class is basically about globalization. Didn't follow the syllabus, his excuse was it's his 1st sem teaching it. But it wasn't too bad, I liked it.
5.0 : Anna is such a good professor. She is very personable and willing to help you. Although, there is a lot of reading and you HAVE to participate in class discussions. All and all I think that I have become a better writer because of this class.
5.0 : Anna is so nice and really cares about her students success. Her lectures are heavily discussion based, so you'll get to know your class really well. No textbooks, she posts everything you need to read online. And 3 papers in total, pretty standard. Great teacher, would highly recommend.
4.0 : Anna is super great and will do anything and everything to help you become a better writer. The class is all based on readings which she gives to you online so no need to have a textbooks. She's really good at thoroughly discussing the readings in class which can really help when you have to write the paper. Only 3 papers total. Easy class overall.
5.0 : Anna Strong has been my favorite teacher all year. She is extremely laid back and chill and you really learn a lot in her class. As long as you keep up with the readings (which are for the most part really interesting) and write all three papers (you only have to write three all semester) the class should be a breeze.
4.5 : Ms. Strong was an amazing English professor.  She really took the time when editing papers to give detailed and critical feedback.  She also was very open to group discussions and gave the class the opportunity to lead itself.  In the end, I would take this class again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : She's really great and gives awesome feedback on essays. Definitely one of the better English802 teachers, if not the best. She is also hilarious and understands her students since she's a graduate student herself.
5.0 : He's a really cool, quirky, young professor! I enjoyed the class because of him. He offers really good feedback and helps you if you ask. As long as you participate and do what you need to do for him, he's understanding and a fair grader. I honestly have nothing bad to say against him.
4.0 : Really cool guy who's into what he does. Probably the most enjoyable 8 AM class I've had. Lots of group work in class but it's not as bad as group work could be
5.0 : Cory is the best accounting professor I've ever had at Temple (and it's not close). Auditing was not difficult at all and he is a really generous grader on papers. Tests are very straightforward and easier than Risler's. He's also the nicest guy in the world and just awesome in every way. Take him for everything you can, even Intermediate II
4.5 : Very good teacher. Easiest act 21p2 professor you could take
5.0 : He is a great professor. He explains problem well. Class attendance does matter.
5.0 : He's such a great guy! I had him for Intermediate II and he did the best he could to make everything as simple as possible. He cares about his students, which is nice because that's not very common around Temple. He does give a good amount of homework but answers email almost right away. Definitely take him! I'm taking him again for Audit.
4.5 : Ng was a very good professor. He conveyed all of the information well. He was more than happy to go over stuff again if you didn't understand. Five quizzes all of which are fairly easy. Two midterms, which were not too bad, you're allowed one double sided cheat sheet. The final was WAY harder than both midterms, two double sided cheat sheet allowed
4.5 : Take this class! I took him for Intermediate II and he cares a lot for his students. He counted the final for 70% of our grade (replacing both midterms) if we did well on it. He provided us with practice exams and review sessions and although lectures can be long and boring sometimes, he does practice problems which are the same as our homework.
5.0 : Everyone should take Cory as their professor at least once (or twice, like me) in your college career! Cory cares about his students and will help with whatever you need. He is patient, kind, genuine, fair, and very smart. The class was not easy but Cory had a way of making it more understandable! He is a phenomenal guy and great professor.
5.0 : Honestly your best choice for ACCT2102 at Temple. 2 Midterms, 5 Quizzes (he drops your lowest one), attendance quizzes everyday that's only a question or two that you answer on an App or online (EASY, sometimes just "Did you attend class today?"), 12 HW's, then 1 cumulative Final. Everything's weighed in a way that makes it easy to do well.
5.0 : I've put close to no effort into this class this semester, and even after completely bombing one of the Midterms (2 total), I have a B with a few weeks to go. Quizzes (5 total) are only five questions and extremely easy. Homework's are easy if you follow PPT's. If you need to take accounting and are looking for the easiest way to finish it........
5.0 : Cory Ng was a good professor for Auditing. It's a tough class to teach and definitely hard to make interesting, but I think he did a great job. Tests are straight-forward and he provides feedback for papers. Would definitely recommend taking.
5.0 : Super nice, caring and an easy teacher. Really cares for his students, although managerial may be tough, he makes it easy and makes accounting a fun class to go to.
5.0 : Cory is an awesome teacher. He actually cares about his students which is so rare. Multiple times he asked for feedback from the class and immediately implemented that same feedback the best way he could. As long as you pay attention to the lectures, homework, quizzes and tests shouldn't be a problem. He provides lecture slides so just show up.
5.0 : Temple is lucky to have Cory Ng as a professor in the business school. He answers e-mails right away and is always readily available for his students. You can tell he prepares for his lectures ahead of time instead of simply "winging it". He uses real-life examples and prepares you for exams. I took him for COST &amp; will be again for Intermediate II.
5.0 : He was a really good prof. Even tho we were in a big lecture hall he would still try to make sure every single one of us knew how to do the problems and more importantly if we are understanding the problems. I would definitely recommend taking him for any class possible. Specially managerial accounting. One of the best professors at temple
4.5 : Really easy guy to get along with. You have to right 3 essays throughout the semester: two 5-7 page and one 6-8 page. You have to do a lot of reading and make sure you actually do it and annotate! You'll need to use the readings for the essays! You have a conference with him after each paper to talk about it which is very helpful! Fairly easy class
5.0 : Very easy to get along with and she will not lose your interest.
4.0 : The whole class is lecture based, but attendance isn't mandatory. If you skip regularly you won't pass though, she flies through the slides so be prepared to take notes. She's a great person, her lectures are fun (cute pics, memes, fun video examples) and she gives extra credit on individual assignments and overall.
1.0 : Professor was awful. The entire semester, she read off her slides, and then the exams were ridiculous. She never gave us an actual study guide and she made the final language analysis so complicated, it should've been our final for the semester.
5.0 : As a first-year graduate student, I was so nervous to begin clinical practicum. As soon as I met Professor Garcia, all of my anxieties were calmed.  Not only is she extremely knowledgeable and helpful but also down-to-earth and approachable.  This semester with Felicidad was engaging and gratifying, and I'm thankful to have been mentored by her!
5.0 : Professor Garcia is one of the best professors I have ever had. I have no idea what the first comment is referring to. She does a really good job explaining the material. There is a good balance between exams and projects. She makes lectures interesting by showing funny relatable videos. I would definitely recommend her and take her again.
5.0 : As a senior, I've had a lot of professors in the CSCD department and I can say without a doubt that Professor Garcia is the best professor that I have had. She keeps class interesting and fun, while also teaching the subject well.  There aren't many assignments and the tests aren't bad but if you can't put in the work you shouldn't be in this major
5.0 : Professor Garcia livened up this course with entertaining lectures and hilarious videos/input.  She is a wonderful professor that encourages interaction and extends her help when needed.  There were only a few biggish assignments throughout the semester, so manage time wisely and you should do well.  Enjoy, because she's awesome!
4.5 : Professor Garcia  really cool down to earth professor. She makes lectures interesting by adding videos to break up the material.  Always willing to help &amp; provides great feedback. Don't be fooled she will challenge &amp; push you but its only to better you. If you put and the time and do the work you will pass. Plus she provides a ton of extra credit.
5.0 : Great, loved every class! Well-versed, makes content interesting &amp; relatable, is a great lecturer (w/ videos &amp; pics  great for diff. types of learners), and inserts her personal experience when relevant. Has been very supportive when I've asked for help. Welcomes questions, is srsly funny &amp; kind. Go to class, do the work &amp; EC(!) Musts to do well.
5.0 : Professor Garcia is amazing! She's relatable, funny, progressive, and makes extensive use of social media (videos, Socrative, Twitter)class is NEVER boring. Don't be deceived: you have to work for it. Protip: the PPTs are the study guides. She is always available for guidance and willing to go the extra mile for her students. Loved her.
4.0 : Jeff is an incredible professor. I was very nervous to take this class, but he made sure we felt comfortable. I had the class every Monday as a weekly intensive and he kept it interesting. However, the course load is extreme and there is SO much homework. But, he gave detailed feedback on our speeches and really wanted us to succeed!
5.0 : I took public speaking with Prof. Stingerstein and it was by far one of the best classes I have ever taken at Temple. The class consists of 5 speeches, each of which are thoroughly explained by the professor in detail. He gives you the rubric ahead of time so you know what he will be looking for. His feedback is great and he is an awesome person.
5.0 : Jeff was I think one of the best teachers possible for this course. Without him and his personality our class would not have been so open and close.
4.5 : I had him for Public Speaking and I was so nervous to take that class. But now I would definitely take it again as long as he teaching it! Our whole class loved him.
4.0 : I took Elements of Writing with Prof DiPento. This class is very based on grammar, much of which you probably learned in kindergarten. There are only 2 papers which are really short and a few tests which don't require any studying because it's pretty much common sense. We got to peer review the papers which was pretty helpful too
4.0 : Rachel was good for Econ. She's a doctoral student and she shared a lot of relevant information she taught was necessary for class. Lectures did get a little boring at times but, it was an Econ class and she did her best to make everything clear as crystal.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had
5.0 : Rayce was honestly my favorite professor I've taken so far at Temple. He helped me to decide Advertising was the major for me. Super chill and easy to talk to. Really easy to understand too. He helped me get Google Ad Words certified and wrote me a letter of recommendation for an internship. I'd definitely love to take a class with him again
4.5 : Awesome professor! Super cool guy, never dreaded going to his class. Assigns a lot of reading but it's great material that isn't a waste of time. Interacts with the class and keeps your attention during lectures. Gives you everything you need to know to pass the class, you just have to be able to apply it.
2.5 : This guy is too laid back.
2.0 : He DOES NOT know how to teach the class. Most of the classes he was explaining things with his hands, while we were supposed to follow him on computers. Everyone were struggling in this class. Makes you pay for his app ($50) and the stuff there is from google.
5.0 : Extremely down-to-earth, and immediately gets you into the more practical side of advertising with little to no history fluff at all. I don't ever recall having HW in his class, and he gives quizzes that are pretty easy if you went to class. Has a textbook, but tells you that he doesn't care if you get it or not since he says all you need anyway.
5.0 : Great professor, very savvy. He genuinely made me feel more prepared for the "real world" and gave lots of practical advice. He really wants to see his students do well and you can pass as long as you go to class. He is always going over what he has already taught so it feels like you've really learned the material.
4.0 : Rayce is a really cool guy. He really knows what he's talking about and has a lot of knowledge to pass along. I thought the class was pretty difficult because it was not my major but overall he's a really good professor and really funny.
5.0 : Rayce was literally one of the best professors I've taken at Temple. He would always come prepare to class. Always available to meet for office hours or by appointment. If you are looking for an easy A this is not your type of class. You will leave this course with a broad understanding in analytics. I def recommend this course :)
5.0 : I had her for Philadelphia Dance Experience, which was a gen ed. She's really sweet and doesn't want to pressure her students. Just do all your work, submit assignments on time, and show you're putting in a decent effort, and it'll be an easy A. One thing to note though is that she takes attendance at the beginning of every class.
5.0 : Prof. Molyneux is an excellent professor. He's tough but fair. He gives great feedback on your stories and really wants you to succeed. I also like how he mixes up his teaching style with lecture to interactive activities and class discussions. I definitely would take him again. If you want to become a journalist, take him!
5.0 : I absolutely loved taking his class. I learned so much and he help me improve my journalism skills immensely. His class was one that I looked forward to because he was good about making the class engaging and fun. I would take his class again if i could.
5.0 : Provides excellent feedback on each of your stories to help improve your writing. Recommend visiting his office hours and have him read over your stories before handing them in; it helps your grade IMMENSELY. He curved the midterm and the final was easy. Fun class with an open interactive environment. Would definitely take a class form him again.
4.5 : Weintraub is THE BEST! YOU HAVE TO GET IN HIS CLASS! Hes an adjunct professor. His only concern is that you remember what he taught when you leave the class. Hes not trying to make life difficult with difficult tests and lots of homework. Simply wants  students to learn! little homework, very straight forward exams, just take notes youll get an A
4.0 : If you do the readings and all the homework you should get at least a B in this class. I did all the readings (which are a lot) but still got a C on the final. Both tests, especially the final, are difficult. Every other assignment is an easy A if you complete. Prof is really good in lectures and cares about students. Overall a good class.
5.0 : I had Bruce the last two semesters, and I will miss him and his classes. Such a great guy, who makes the material relatable to life and class. His lectures always make you want to attend class. However, you must attend if you want to pass, test material is based off of lectures.
5.0 : Best communications professor at Temple! If you're in SMC and you never taken him, wyd? And he hates the textbook.
5.0 : Really cared about all her students and tried to engage students in many discussions.  She's very enthusiastic about the texts and you can tell she loves to teach
3.0 : She was extremely nice and understanding. Although she is a hard grader on the papers and the topics are boring. You need to participate every class because she grades it and she makes you print out the articles you have to read. Gave her a 3 because she is overall a good person but the grading is not worth it.
5.0 : Tara was awesome. She always gave her input on what  you were working on, and it was probably the difference between an A and a B or even a C for me. Plus she's super nice, almost like a motherly figure. Would recommend to everyone
4.5 : She is always willing to help and give advice. Kind of motherly :) Very approachable about anything.
3.5 : She has a very thick accent and she is sort of strange such as she will come over to your desk and hover over you but not say anything.  But overall she is a very good teacher. Towards the end of the semester she flooded me with compliments and even came up to me in studio and encouraged me to continue.
5.0 : O'Brien was an awesome professor. He is not always at temple because he is an adjunct and teachers at several other colleges. If you get the chance, take him. He really cares about his students and wants them to do well. I got an A in the class but I worked hard. if you put the effort in, you'll do well.
3.5 : Professor O'Brien seems really boring at first but he's a pretty cool guy. He likes to ramble on about nonsense and always ends class early. It's an easy A-- all you need to do is show up and do well on papers. We spent every class answering questions about readings in small groups or peer reviewing papers.
5.0 : He is very generous in Grading , but you must complete his assignments and homework. If you have problem and need time, he understands and as long as you are serious about it. There will be homework every weeks and a final assignment. and a mid term exam for wireless communication. I will definitely recommend you to take this Graduate Course.
4.0 : Professor Denson is super young and has a lot of aspirations! The class was largely discussion and participation based. He is very passionate about the subject material and he is willing to talk about current events related tot he topic. I learned a TON in this class. The textbook is definitely worth reading.
5.0 : Professor Jordan Denson is young looking but Extremely knowledgeable! I took Representing Race (requirement) however I was interested in the subject with regard to the Africa experience. This course was Not a disappointment! His teaching consists of readings followed by lectures, handouts, documentaries. 2quiz, midterm, final, papers #Recommend!!
5.0 : This professor was the highlight of my day. Music History can be a dreary subject for those who aren't as in love with it as him. However, he easily kept our focus by integrating jokes and asides into the lectures. Since this class is offered to classical and jazz music majors, there is always a wide range of experience but he caters to all.
3.5 : I liked his class he makes us dance a lot which breaks up the lecture. He's tried hard to make classes be not too boring.
4.0 : Great teacher! Really made class fun and tried not too lecture too often.
5.0 : Alpar is the best. Clear grading criteria, not much work, participation matters. Topics and lectures are always interesting. We got to play some instruments and folk dances. Its honestly so fun. Take it if you love music and learning about world cultures.
3.5 : Had him as a TA and he was helpful and went out  of his way to make focused study sessions, challenge students and answer questions to the best of his ability. Obviously it was important to him that students learned the material necessary to do well, which isn't always the case with student TA's. He can be blunt and sassy, but still approachable
4.0 : Dan is awesome! He knows a lot about chemistry but doesn't make chem lab as awful as it usually is. He has office hours all the time and responds to emails quickly and holds review sessions before exams. I would definitely take him again if I could
5.0 : He makes lab bearable. hes hilarious and understands the struggles of chem in undergrad and gives leeway where it is deserved. wish i could take him again :)
5.0 : Preface: I hate orgo. Dan obviously cares about his students and made lab way more fun than normal though. He's really accessible (responds to emails quickly, holds office hours), and he is able to explain the topic on a level that everyone can understand (pretty rare for a chem nerd). 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Dan the man! Super smart guy and very friendly. He's always willing to help outside of class and makes lab so much easier with the extensive help he provides. He is very lenient with grading and grades fairly. Very funny guy and I would definitely take him again if I could!
5.0 : Dan was a really good TA who explained stuff really well and really wanted to help the students understand the material. He was great, would love it if I could take him for another class.
5.0 : Does a great job helping you specifically, and the class as a whole. Always willing to help you and goes above and beyond compared to most TA's. 5/7 with rice would take again
5.0 : Wish I could have this guy for every lab for the rest of my life. Encourages you to think about orgo2 concepts instead of giving answers, and does a great job explaining the tougher parts of the course. Super supportive and easy to talk to, but doesn't hesitate to tell you when you're being stupid/unsafe with lab procedures.
5.0 : Dan was a really great TA! He was extremely helpful, held review sessions, and always had time to answer questions. He really cared that we were learning but he made sure that lab was never stressful and that we had what we needed to do well. He makes it really clear what you need to do to get a good grade and he makes sure lab is fun!
5.0 : I love her. She's a great professor &amp; very helpful. However her exams are very hard, fortunately she curves them. I think she should give quizzes to help prepare for exams, maybe she wouldn't have to curve. Great class, only bad thing is her exams. But you will learn very important skills in her class. It's hard, but it's very worthwhile.
4.5 : Great professor but the class is very difficult. We do HW as a class &amp; you can finish it with a partner. On exams she allows cheat sheets &amp; she tries her best to explain lessons on a easy level. Gives extra credit opportunities. It's up to you to pass. DO NOT use your phone, attend class, pay attention &amp; take notes! She's easy but the class isn't!!
4.5 : She is ready to go over tests with you and help you with any questions. The most interesting lectures of freshman year of nursing. Makes class interesting by putting her own experience and different stories into lecture. Loved her class.  Class has mini group activities together and she takes attendance. Study the powerpoints and you will get an A
5.0 : Probably the best professor in nursing
5.0 : Prof Murt is wonderful! She is so inspiring and has so much knowledge to share. She is funny and smart and loves teaching her nursing students. She really cares that you learn from her and she makes sure to prepare you for future nursing courses super well! She is fab, such a fantastic woman!
5.0 : She's an amazing woman. She knows what she's talking about and will definitely help you if you ask. Lectures can be a bit boring but it's not her, it's the course. It's intro to nursing so a lot of stuff is self explanatory. Take her she's a great way to start your nursing study! She also works in maternity so she's a great if you have questions.
4.0 : Professor (well now Dr.) Murt was an excellent professor when I had her for intro. She introduced nursing to me in such a kind and exciting way that really reassured me that I am in the right field. She is always approachable and one of the nicest nursing professors around.
4.0 : Great class and caring teacher except the tests are confusing but this is to be expected for all nursing classes. Would definitely take again
5.0 : Nursing 1001 was a pretty easy class. Make sure to study the powerpoint well though because because questions on the test are similar to NCLEX type questions. We never needed the book in class, however the questions on the online connect were very helpful for studying. You do need to have the Nursing Central app.
5.0 : Although class can get boring,  she does her best to make the material relevant.  She's very funny and caring. I definitely am looking forward to having her in the future.
4.5 : She's one of the kindest prof ever. She is friendly and very approachable, and always smiles.
5.0 : I don't like accounting but Neal's lectures are set up for business majors and not specifically for accounting students. He knows the material inside out and backwards and teaches it in a way that everyone seemed to understand.  The material isn't exciting but he presents it in an interesting way.  Tests are multiple choice!
5.0 : had sanda for calc 1 this semester and she's amazing! she tries her best to ensure that her students have a firm grasp of the material before moving on and her in-class quizzes (which, i'm not gonna lie, were sometimes difficult) helped me prepare for the exams. wish she were teaching calc 2 next semester because i'd definitely take it her again!
4.0 : She makes the calculus exams easy with her good explanations. She does expect everyone to have everything memorized from previous math classes. Her quizzes are hard and getting bad grades on them can be discouraging but they are a lot harder than the exams. She is nice and funny at times but her main pro is that she can actually teach calculus.
5.0 : Took Professor Shwe for Calc I. She really goes into detail during her explanations so the students understand the lesson. She gives constant reminders and does her best to inform her students on how to prep for tests and quizzes. My only regret is that I should've done the homework, since most of the quiz questions are based on that.
5.0 : Mr Vaidiya was my TA and it was the best lab experience ever!
5.0 : Great instructor, I had a lot of fun in this class, I've been trying to get into his volleyball class but the there's no room.
5.0 : Paul Choi was such a great teacher to have for volleyball. I was nervous at first but I loved the class and it was so fun. Only take this class if you actually plan on playing volleyball because there are skills tests for serving, passing, etc. and is not just a show up and you get an A. One of my favorite classes at Temple!
5.0 : Best professor I've had so far at this school. She'll take her time until everyone in the class fully understands the material. Instead of a class where you just sit and listen the whole time you get to engage in a group discussion.  The tests are take home, and 2-3 group projects. Very accommodating to any out of class problems.
5.0 : Take her. Not saying she's easy but if you don't pass her class you should just leave temple.
2.0 : Super easy. Haven't read anything and I'm expecting to get an A. Took the class online and her midterm was straight out of the book, word for word. She's super nice and her lectures aren't dry. Def. take!
4.0 : *Nice teacher, will help you understand * Really dull class, she generally loses focus in every class, which makes the class drag and you end up sitting in the class for 50 minutes talking about her childhood... * Dont think i would take again
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at Fox. She really cares about her students. She makes class interesting and is hilarious which makes coming to class enjoyable. Definitely take her for the marketing capstone over any of the other teachers. Assignments included several papers and case studies that were actually practical and interesting.
5.0 : She is a wonderful teacher and human-being. She is so understanding, interesting, and provides many anecdotes. She knows this subject so well and has had a lot of marketing experience out in the real world. She's the kind of teacher who can be serious, but can totally grab drinks with. Definitely take her for CB, IMC, and her capstone!
5.0 : Definitely one of my favorite professors here at Temple. Super understanding and straightforward with her students. If you follow her guidelines, pay attention and attend class theres no reason why you should not get a good grade!
5.0 : She is the sweetest professor at Temple. I loved coming to class. It was the one class where I learned a lot in and managed to do well. Do the work and you will pass!
5.0 : I've never rated a professor before, but Prof JSF is the best. She always tries her best to make things interesting, and I love the fact that she's a real human being. She will absolutely help you when you ask, and understands that school can be tough to balance. She works with her students, and is really just awesome.
4.0 : She was very accommodating to the various levels of German comprehension students exhibited. Fairly forgiving tests at the end of each chapter and online exercises due at the end of each chapter as well. Professor Swoboda created a very comfortable classroom atmosphere.
5.0 : What a nice woman.  Prof Swoboda is the best.  She is from Poland so she is very well versed in German and European culture.  She is very helpful in answering any questions you have and she really makes participation in class seem like a good time.  Her assignments are easy (you have unlimited tries). She just wants you to learn, not struggle.
4.0 : This is for German Comp 2. She isn't so clear on grading criteria and doesn't post any grades online. I never knew how I was doing in the class, it was very informal. She is very flexible and kind if you work with her. She grades on progress not solely on proficiency.
4.0 : I had chris for research and practice classes.  He knows his stuff but can be a little disorganized in class.  His power points are okay but his lectures can wander off during the discussion. He will help you and gives a lot of good feedback on papers.  He gives out rubrics and explains them.  He is a fair grader, learned alot
3.5 : Very laid back professor. Knows how to relate to college students. Very knowledgeable. Overall great guy.
5.0 : Matt's a laid back guy and the class was actually fun, but I still felt like I learned a lot. Lots of group work but the projects were engaging and not too difficult even if you don't have background/experience in graphic design. He gives good feedback on your work and encourages the class to give constructive criticism to each other. Def recommend
4.5 : Great professor. She actually cares about her students. Had a few small papers and one large final paper. She's entertaining and brings personality to the class
4.0 : Lauren is incredible. She was the TA for a class I took last year with a professor who I hated, so I was pleasantly surprised that her teaching style is very different. She's super nice and the class is tough but she's a very fair grader. Loves extra credit, and very easy to talk to. Love love love.
5.0 : Lauren rules. Makes the material easy to understand and is super concise. Always a fun class and makes a notoriously dull class exciting to go to. She's funny, smart, and loves extra credit. Easy to approach and even vouched for me as a reference. Highly reccomend!
5.0 : Lauren is awesome! She wasn't technically a faculty but this was her first semester having her own class. As a result, she always asked her students for their opinions. She's clear and precise in her lectures. Useful Powerpoints. The class isn't easy, but she definitely made it more easy to understand. I'd definitely recommend her.
4.5 : Awesome guy. Interesting classes. Highly recommend.
5.0 : He is such a great person. Funny and interesting. And so flexible. Was clear and so helpful with students. He expects you to participate in class.  His assignments were not hard to fulfill. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
4.0 : English 802 is boring and has long papers with any teacher but Sebastian is nerdy hot and we pretty much just analyzed readings and watched videos in class. sometimes did group work and people shared their opinions. you can skip some classes but not all the time. definitely take him.
4.0 : There are readings due at the start of each class, and we spent the entire class talking about it. The material got pretty boring at times, but Sebastian has a great sense of humor and made class more interesting. There are only three essays which are the only grades for the class, but you have the whole semester to make improvements.
5.0 : Sebastian made everyone feel so welcome in the class yet still got us to do classwork despite how he was so much like a colleague than a professor. We worked very hard in the class but it didn't feel overbearing because of how likable Sebastian is as a person.
5.0 : His class feels like a writing club. There is a lot of writing, but it's creative, and you can write whatever you want as far as the prompt goes. It's not hard, and I dislike writing otherwise. As long as you do your papers every week, you'll pass. Cute, hipster dude that I wish I could take home!
5.0 : Sebastian is literally the best. He's so down to earth and because he is really young, easy to relate to. Every piece we had to read he made sure he related it to the world today which always made class interesting. Definitely take him if you need an English class.
5.0 : Sebastian was my favorite professor that Iv'e ever had for an English class. There are a few essays you have to do but he is very good at explaining them before you have to do it. I would recommend this class to everyone.
3.0 : tough grader, not many grades.
5.0 : Easy class. Very helpful if you have no idea what you want to do in the psychology field. Recommend taking early (freshman or sophomore year). Dont buy the book - her lectures are basically from the book, you won't need it for quizzes.
5.0 : Dr. W is a fantastic teacher who cares about her students! She is devoted to teaching practical Organic Chemistry in a way that everyone can understand. Her lectures are long and full of note taking and she often teaches quickly but that is out of her control.
5.0 : Dr. W is by far my favorite professor! She is so smart, but most importantly she knows how to teach! Her lectures are VERY helpful and her notes are great to study from. Her exams are hard but FAIR, and if you dedicate time for it you will do well in the class. She is very helpful and doesn't do trick questions. Take her if you really want to learn
4.0 : She is a great professor but beware of the tough exams. She has a chart type thing from which you can predict your grade and I ended up with half a letter grade higher than what I expected. So there is a curve, make sure you can score several points above average on exams to do well. But she is a great teacher and her notes are wonderful.
5.0 : Would absolutely take Wengryniuk again for Orgo. She does a great job of explaining each concept and always provides examples. Sometimes she can go a little fast, but she will always stop to take questions. Her quizzes/tests take a little getting used to, but she isn't a tough grader. Always go to recitation.
4.0 : Dr. W is a great professor! Sure, her exams are tough, but she's very good at making hard topics easy to understand. Her exams are fair and her grading is mostly fair. She's very helpful at office hours and she's very easy to talk to. Definitely here to help her students get the grade they want.
2.0 : Unstoppable writing in this class. You have to be on time, if you not, you will lose lots of notes that she written. She won't take attendances, but if you miss classes, you will lose many information, and cannot catch up. Quizzes are easy, but exams are tough!! In this class, the only thing you can do is writing, KEEP WRITING!!!
4.0 : Dr w is a nice lady and she's pretty direct with the course work especially the amount of notes/material, but her curve is so blessed. Its a lot better and her exams arent tricky so thats a factor as well. She talks really fast but her office hours she slows down a bit
5.0 : I would definitely retake a class taught by Professor Amaral. I'm not one who likes English class, but her Honors Mosaics I class actually encouraged me to participate. There's no exams whatsoever, but only two short three-page papers. If you go to her, she'll edit them for you because she cares. Participate and skim the books... you'll get an A.
5.0 : Very down to earth teacher. She is young and understands her students. She straight up says that she knows mosaics is a required gen ed, and is not there to kill your gpa. Only two short papers, an blog posts each week. I strongly recommend taking her. She is very easy to get along with and keeps the class interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Amaral is the best Mosaics professor you could ever ask for. Kind, caring, intelligent and and easy grader, all she wants is some intelligent debate in class and you're good to go. 11/10 would recommend, this class is easy, not painfully boring, and genuinely a good time.
5.0 : If you are able to, definitely take Mosaics with Dr. Amaral.  Her lectures are very interactive, with a lot of interesting class discussion on a variety of issues, and she's very open to hearing the views of each student.  She gives very helpful feedback with essay writing, and she's not a difficult grader.
5.0 : Genevieve is very dedicated to helping her students. She's young, bright, and is easy to understand. If you're really looking to learn the material, I recommend taking her Mosaics classes. As long as you put in the effort and ask questions you will get your money's worth. Otherwise, there's some deep readings, two papers, and a presentation.
5.0 : She's lovely
5.0 : I met with Rose Hammond and it as so helpful. I now know how to finish my courses and graduate.
5.0 : It's an English class, so it will be boring. But I'm lucky I picked Professor Yu; she's young, personable, approachable, and pretty cute! She learns your name quickly and is really cool so you can relate to her about a lot of stuff. If she teaches Mosaics then I'm so signing up for her! Take her if you want to enjoy a typically boring class!!
5.0 : Had to read long articles for each class, with short one paragraph summaries that counted for attendance/participation. Very nice, not strict at all. Covered some relevant content which made the readings more enjoyable. No quizzes/tests/final, just three essays based on articles read and discussed in class. Would take again.
3.0 : Her lectures are long &amp; boring and so are the readings. we would submit reading responses to the 4 readings she'd give us every week. The class itself is a dumb concept. You have to constantly submit outlines and drafts. Her feedback was always extra for no reason. I barely revised or listened to her feedback &amp; got an A. She's a nice person though.
5.0 : Tim is the man!!!!! This class was so easy. At first I thought it was going to be a stupid acting class, but he really gets you into the class! The Art of Acting sounds awful, but after a few weeks you'll love it, trust me! Need an Art Gen ED? Take his class!! Only downside, the final you have to memorize a sort of long scene, but again he's easy!
5.0 : Lectures are LONG. She just reads right from the slides (which she puts on blackboard) so you can get away with never coming. Really nice professor though. She currently practices in the field so she is really up to date with everything. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE BOOK. You'll never use it.
3.5 : A lot of people skip her class thinking it does not matter, but attendance and participation make up a good chunk of your grade. Show up and pass
5.0 : Professor Briggs is one of the best professors I've ever had. She taught me things i never knew. She helped me pick a major and was easily the most kind hearted professor i have ever had.
5.0 : Professor Briggs is kind, understanding, and full of knowledge. She is always willing to work with students to better understand material in class, and her grading is fair. The classes I have taken with her have always been enjoyable and enriching. If you ever have a chance to take a course with her, take advantage of it.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher! My favorite professor I've ever had - I liked her so much I've taken 3 of her classes. The way she teaches, she makes it fun to learn and she's really interactive! A great professor!
5.0 : Kate is awesome! Her class is laid back and you learn a lot. No tests. Just papers, activities, and you HAVE to participate. She's understanding and works another job herself so is relaxed with due dates and attendance. She makes class interesting and it almost feels like a group therapy session rather than class! Take her!
5.0 : Kate is BY FAR the sweetest and most caring professor I've ever had. She ALWAYS asks our preferences and how we would like to go about things. PARTICIPATION IS 1/3 OF YOUR GRADE so make sure you speak a lot and always show up to class. Not a lot of homework and very interesting material! She's so sweet. I would keep taking her if I could!
5.0 : Kate is one of my favorite professors at Temple. She truly cares about her students and always asks how we would like to go about things. She is very understanding and allows you to hand in some things late if you need to. Participation is a huge part of your grade, so don't take her if you aren't willing to participate. Overall, she's amazing.
5.0 : Kate is so awesome! Her class is super relaxed and really fun to be a part of. Not much work, just make sure you participate, because it's worth a lot. Do the readings and be ready to talk about them in class. Kate really cares and wants everyone to do well and feel supported. LOVE her and this class!!! You won't regret taking this class with her!!
3.0 : Study more than you ever have in your entire life. Class avg was a 68 on the first exam, she took short essay off her exams it went up a ton. Tries very hard to get people involved&amp;enjoy class. Because she's ESL the way she strings her words together can be very confusing. Offers amazing extra credit (5% to each exam score for doing a study plan).
5.0 : Jinsook sincerely cares for her students. Make sure you update her if you are struggling. She will gladly help you. However sometimes she may repeat herself. She offers a good amount of extra credit that is applied to your final exam. All around a great professor. Take her!
4.0 : She really cares about her students! She is constantly trying to engage everyone in the lecture to make things interesting. She's a bit hard to understand with her thick accent which is one of her down falls. Her tests are fair, but you do have to study and understand the concepts. If you put in the work for this class you will get a good grade!
4.5 : A great teacher and great person. Very caring and willing to help you find your artistic voice. Also very understanding of absences, as long as you don't push it.
5.0 : A really great man who brings relevant and powerful content to class. I enjoyed my time in this class and honestly felt like it greatly impacted me. The only thing is there is no chance to get any points other than the tests. They are take home tests so they aren't hard but you do have to be cautious with that.
4.0 : Everything is take home. Most of the answers can be found on the slides or in the book. Some questions are based on his opinion but it's not hard to figure it out.
4.0 : professor spodek's lectures were definitely top-notch, and the subject matter is always really interesting too. i didn't agree with a lot of his opinions (which he freely expresses), but the class is so interesting that it's not really a pain to come to class. your only grades are the take-home tests, though, so you have to do well on those
4.0 : professor okami's lectures were definitely top-notch, and the subject matter is always really interesting too. i didn't agree with a lot of his opinions (which he freely expresses), but the class is so interesting that it's not really a pain to come to class. your only grades are the take-home tests, though, so you have to do well on those
5.0 : I began this class not liking Okami. By the end he has become one of my favorite professors. He had a huge impact on me personally; I look at psych a lot differently now. Just push past the first few weeks to really try to understand the message he's getting across. Exams aren't easy, but they're take home. Easy take home quizzes to boost grades.
3.0 : Lecture is what this class is based off. There is no quizzes and no homework. Take home tests require you to pay attention and read the additional reading. The tests are completely based on the information he gives out and is not information you can google. He writes textbooks and research this stuff for a living. Multiple choice tests.
5.0 : At first, especially for a course like this, you dislike him. The material can be controversial and somewhat offensive especially for women to learn. But you'll come to find that there is an aspect between men and women being superior in the material. So there IS a balance, just wait for it. Hes disorganized but hes conscientious when he messes up
5.0 : Dr Okami was great. The class is based on about 10 take home quizzes and 4 take home tests. The notes are put online so you don't have to take them in class, and you only use the textbook for quizzes Some questions on the test are based off of strictly things he says in class, but his lectures are actually interesting so it's worth going.
5.0 : Professor Okami is a dream in terms of professors. First and foremost he takes his job so so serious (but not in a bad way) and it is evident that he is passionate about the course and the material. He is very sweet as well and does his best to work with you to pass, his goal is not to make you fail. take home exams and open note exams.
3.0 : The first impression of David Bruce was that he was a pretty cool guy but as the classes went on, I began to pick up on his prejudice ways and his pessimistic attitude. He can be very brutal towards other class members, inappropriately announces false accusations, and talks negatively about one class to the other class.
5.0 : I love this man with all my heart. Sure he hates anything representational, but he really pushes you to be bigger and better. So wonderful to talk to and gives the very best talks about just life in general. So inspiring. I'll never forget him.
3.0 : Matt is a nice guy and a great artist, but isn't very good at putting his thoughts into words and therefore not the best professor. His instructions can often be very vague, but he is willing to help if needed (it often was).
4.0 : Matt is a really nice and cool guy. I enjoy his his class very much and always look forward to it. He is very helpful with your projects and recognizes when your'e working hard. His class is very laid back which makes it very comfortable for working on the various projects. Will certainly take him again if the opportunity presents itself.
5.0 : This professor was so funny, and I really enjoyed just talking with him during class. I literally changed my major because I had so much fun in his class. At one point, my project got completely ruined right before the deadline, and he was totally chill and helped me rebuild it. So awesome.
5.0 : Prof. Stanziano was a great intro to psych teacher. It was a 50 minute class and we got out early every single class and still covered all the topics we needed to cover. Tests are easy if you go over the slides from class. One group project on disorders which is also very easy to do. Very good for an Intro class.
4.0 : Very funny man, most of his jokes are corny but they make you laugh. Sometimes he gets off topic but never lets out any important information. Very simple class but I got  a lot of knowledge from him.
5.0 : Hes really lenient with grades and makes tests super easy, just read over the slides once and you'll get 100%. He never gives out hw, you just have one project towards the end of the semester but its super easy and you can work alone or with a partner. Lectures are interesting and he lets class end early every single time. Overall a great professor
5.0 : Mitos is great! Had her for my choir freshman year. She's super nice and makes a 2-hour rehearsal fly by.
5.0 : Don is one of the most respected musicians/teachers in the country. He also teaches Opera History and does opera coaching at the Curtis Institute of Music downtown. Getting to study Diction with such a renowned individual at TU was such a blessing. I now feel confident in French, German, Italian AND Spanish! He gives you private coaching! No tests!
4.0 : She's a good teacher, if you need help she will help you. If you do your homework and class work you can pass.  Test are not bad unless you are horrible at math.
4.0 : Professor Heard is a solid choice! I took her for History and Significance of Race in America and it is extremely eye opening! Take her!!!!!!!
5.0 : She's awesome!! She's really young and woke and will quickly put you in your place if you say something that could be offending to others. Her class was lecture based, so no notes were ever taken or needed, no tests, just one final paper and a 2 page memo based on the readings due every other weel. She added pop quizzes to the syllabus randomly!!
4.0 : This was a pretty standard Intro to Soc class. CiAuna is pretty young so she is very up to date with what is trendy. The quizzes were hard at first but once she realized that a lot of people weren't doing well she changed them so they became a lot easier. Only two 3 page papers to write for the whole class and no Final.
5.0 : Great Intro to Soc teacher. overall the class is very interesting and the work load is not bad at all (2 papers and 5 homeworks)
5.0 : She was the nicest and best professor!  I would take her for mosaics 2 if I had the option.  She is very sweet and lets you make up absences.  Highly recommend taking her!
5.0 : Best prof! HW is all through discussion boards, one question on the book is due before every class (so easy) and its your whole grade. Other than 2 other presentations and a short museum paper. Lets you make up absences. Highly recommend taking her she's so cute and funny!
5.0 : Very relaxed and laid back class in which only minimal effort is required to pass. Put in just some effort and you've got yourself an A. Only 1-2 short papers with 2 presentations and 1 small group presentation. The discussion board on blackboard is frequently used but each post takes max 10 minutes. Take her she's great.
5.0 : This is the easiest class I have ever taken, with a fair workload and somewhat engaging material. Professor B did a great job with the material, and the class was exactly the way a gen ed should be. Would take again!
4.0 : Cristelle was a very fun teacher. Macro was one of my first business classes and I was worried about not doing too well, but she made it very easy to understand (just pay attention). She gives out questions for each chapter as practice which ends actually being on the exam word for word even with the answers in order. I really enjoyed her a lot.
5.0 : He is great! His classes are fun what makes easier to learn. Love his accent
4.0 : Peter is a good professor. Many readings but you don't need text books. Just a final presentation as a group no exams. This Gened class is easy A.
4.5 : investing for the future was the easiest class i've ever taken, perfect quantitative literacy gen ed. took it as a night class, supposed to be 5:30-9, but got let out at 6:30 every class. not many tests, no quizzes, easy assignments that he gives credit just for doing. easy A. takes attendance every class though.
5.0 : Super easy gen ed. I felt like I would eventually use what I was learning about. A night class but rarely lasted more than 45 minutes. I would recommend this class to anyone that is not a big fan of math or long classes. There was a book but it was a novel (like 7 bucks) and not really needed to pass the class. Exams were super easy, simple HW
5.0 : He is a helpful, funny &amp; respectable professor. You won't be bored. I learned so many things that I never knew before and it wasn't hard at all. There was also work assigned but it wasn't difficult, just follow the directions and you get full credit for it. I thoroughly enjoyed this class. Definitely take him for the experience &amp; the A!
5.0 : I love Shira Cohen. She is one of the most amazing Accounting Professors I have ever taken. I recommended her to my friends and they all love her! I took her for Financial Accounting. It's a straightforward but important class, a foundation for all other business classes you'll take. Take her! You'll be in good hands.
5.0 : Accounting isn't really an easy subject, at least for me, but professor Cohen did such an amazing job teaching it. I took this class with Prof Kreimer before her &amp; withdrew because I didn't understand the material. But Cohen explains everything in a way that makes complete sense &amp; it sticks with you. Shes amazing. Her lectures are long, but helpful
5.0 : She really cares. She has really good lectures, and gives out review sheets that basically do the homework for you. Showing up to class is also extra credit.
5.0 : Dr. Israetel is by far the best professor I have had by far. Attendance was not mandatory, but I found myself wanting to attend every lecture. He is engaging, funny, and really knows how to get you to understand the material. He never just reads off slides and he actively participates with the class. He is also very clear about his expectations.
5.0 : She is a great professor, but you have to know your stuff. If you study, then you'll be fine! She teaches very well and she is always free to answer questions. The final exam is optional and she has loads of extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : Joseph P. Welsh is possibly the greatest professor on Temple's campus. He is the most knowledgeable man I have ever met and he has had every job there is under the sun. His class is extremely interesting and he is hilarious. I completely recommend taking this class with him if you really want to enrich your life.
5.0 : Welsh is by far the best professor I ever had. He is a really funny guy who has extensive knowledge about law and its applications in the real world. The class was fun and he was an extremely fair grader.  He makes sure that his students succeed in class. He also gives students information about potential career options. I love this man haha
5.0 : BEST LEGAL STUDIES PROFESSOR.  He has inspired me to consider a pre-law track. His lectures are great and he is always extremely helpful. Required to bring the book to class. Exams are kind of tough, just study and pay attention and you'll do great.
5.0 : Prof. Welsh is awesome. He knows everything about anything. He's done so much in his lifetime that he has so much knowledge to offer if you actually listen. No crazy assignments, no homework every night. Just read the cases he assigns and follow along in class and you will do well.
5.0 : Professor Welsh was great. I was really nervous to take Legal Studies but he made it so clear and something to be easily understandable. He is a very fair grader and wants you to do well. Although class is not mandatory but he knows if you do not show up and it will matter in the end. He gives reviews with everything you need to know for the tests.
5.0 : Great professor, and very interesting class. Only homework is reading and doing papers that are only 1-2 pages, nothing serious. Only hard part is doing the final 10-15 page paper. However, time management will help you produce a masterpiece.
4.5 : Lauren's Writing Seminar was interesting and helpful. She gives great feedback and is really concerned with making sure you write the best possible paper. She's incredibly knowledgeable on a wide variety of subject relating to American history.
5.0 : Rachel is one the the most caring and knowledgable professors I've had. She knows the material from years in the profession and is very helpful to students. Her main concern is that you learn the material and succeed rather than grading. She allows revisions so that you actually learn. I'd take her again if given the chance. Great prof &amp; person.
5.0 : The most caring and helpful professor ive had. The class material was boring but she knew that and tried to help keep us entertained. Such a sweetheart. wish I could take her for every class
5.0 : Rachel was an amazing professor to have first semester of freshman year. Although the class material was not the most exciting, she was able to make the two-and-a-half-hour classes go by quickly by playing games, telling stories, or bringing in cookies. 12/10 recommend taking one of Rachels classes if given the opportunity.
5.0 : Rachel is awesome! She really tries to make sure everyone understands the subject matter. Even if you are not a good test taker, she offers plenty of chances to earn extra credit and improve your grade on writing assignments. She is more than willing to help you out and genuinely wants you to succeed!
4.0 : Professor Brown is a super nice guy. You can tell he really enjoys the topic and teaching. It's not super easy, but it's fair. You need to take your own notes during lecture because that is the only form of notes you will have to study from. You just have to put in the work, and he will always offer to help you with that.
5.0 : You do not need to get the book. Exams are online and based off of the slides that she posts. Information comes word for word. She makes it very easy to do well. Class is not mandatory, but it is fun to go! I would definitely take her again! Learned a lot.
4.5 : Research is not my strong suit, I had to piece meal my learning. The professor was always willing to help and she wants hers students to succeed. Take advantage of her office hours because she is always there. I would take this professor again.
5.0 : Professor Travis is easily one of my favorite professors at Temple. He's hilarious, personable,  AND an easy grader.  He calls on people a lot so the class is engaged, but it's really not a big deal if you aren't sure of an answer. Overall, he makes class enjoyable and I would definitely recommend taking him.
5.0 : Travis was definitely a cool dude. I would definitely take him again. Really cared about his students and was very understanding.
5.0 : Easy class, no textbooks, no exams. It can't get better than that. Prof. Travis is also an extremely chill guy, you are guaranteed to have a good time taking his classes
5.0 : A great teacher! In terms of work, there are ton of pages to read, but he posts them. So you don't have to buy anything. Assignments are easy. He basically grades by group project, which if you do well, you get good grades. Overall, you MUST come to class, easy points will be lost. And a sweet understanding soul. I enjoyed the material.
5.0 : A great teacher, very nice and caring. He is very understanding and he will be there for you if need him.
5.0 : Travis Travis is a good professor. Only 3 projects and easy grader
5.0 : Nice
5.0 : Just take.
5.0 : Always attempts to make lectures as enjoyable as possible. Group projects change a bit each time. Make sure to remember to add your sources. Participate in class, and be respectful.
5.0 : Great Professor. 3 projects that are really easy!
5.0 : Travis is an amazing professor who genuinely cares about his students. We had a large amount of international students and he did his best to make class understandable and engaging for all students. Group projects are not as strenuous as people think -- Everyone has their own assignment to do the group part is just making them all cohesive.
5.0 : He is a really good professor, is very good at Joking. He can always make the class become funny. Easy project, don't need to worry about that. No paper, No essay, No quiz, No final.
5.0 : He is my favorite professor in Temple University, not one of, is the best.
5.0 : He is the best professor I have ever met.
5.0 : Professor Travis is easily one of my favorite professors at Temple. He's hilarious, personable, AND an easy grader. He calls on people a lot so the class is engaged, but it's really not a big deal if you aren't sure of an answer. Overall, he makes class enjoyable and I would definitely recommend taking him.
5.0 : LOVE HIM SO MUCH!!!!
5.0 : Highly recommend him!!
5.0 : Perfect, I love him!!!!!!
5.0 : Travis Travis is an amazing professor and I would highly recommend anyone looking for a great class and teacher to take any class with Travis. He is very easy and not much work is required from the course. He is also very funny.
5.0 : Enjoy
5.0 : Easiest gen ed I've taken so far!  Travis is very nice and funny and I enjoyed going to his classes a lot! Would definitely recommend him. No midterms/finals, all I had to do are these 3 projects that are the easiest thing. If you want an easy gen ed and stress-free class, TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Easy A !!!!! Only 3 projects (very easy) and no midterm, no final. Attendance is not mandatory but sometimes has in-class activities which can earn participation points.
5.0 : He's a great professor
5.0 : He will be an excellent choice for GenEd class! He is fantastic and hilarious! He gives a lot of extra credits! You have three cumulative exams (that you continue upgrades one project three times). Attendance is required, but you will not want to miss his class, it is interesting! Easy A and interesting class!
5.0 : TAKE HIM!!!!!!! Enough said!
5.0 : Professor Travis is a man of many things; he is funny, cool, well-dressed. You get the idea. He allowed me, a freshman, to blossom into the student I'd always dreamed of being.
5.0 : A great a professor, and he will always be there if need him.  Best class i have ever taken.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor, especially if you need a gen-ed to fulfill some credits. He is super chill and only assigns little to no work besides 3 papers. (really its nothing) He cares for his students because he is one of us, a child himself. Just don't disrespect him, but honestly why would you.
5.0 : 10/10 would recommend and take again
5.0 : He is the best professor I ever had, I genuinely enjoyed coming to class everyday even though I had no interest in learning about Asian religions. The lectures are rarely boring. He gives many chances for extra credit even though his work is not hard. So I advise anyone who gets the chance to take this class, to TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Travis Travis is an amazing prof and has a great sense of humor. He teaches a wide array of perspective on Asian religion and will allow you to dive as deep into a religion as you want, but doesn't require you to know anything past the general knowledge of a religion. He is also very clear on course requirements.
5.0 : Travis is one of the best professor I took thus far. I usually fall asleep during lectures, but Travis made the lecture interactive, funny, and interesting by using Prezi. You will just need to do three major projects that's actually very fun and easy to do. He's also very relatable, helpful, hilarious, and kind. You should definitely take him!
5.0 : Not only is Travis a great professor, but his class is easy. No graded homework, no quizzes, no tests, no textbooks. However, the class is pointless some times. Or most of the time. Since nothing counts, you have no motivation to do anything. But, hey, it was an extremely easy A+.
5.0 : Very easy class, interesting and easily understandable. he grades fairly and is constantly trying to evolve his class.
5.0 : It's a really fun class to be in. His lectures are not boring at all. He wouldn't make you do something he wouldn't do as a student.  Take it if you can, should be an easy A with no textbooks or exams. Just do the projects (3) and that's basically it.
5.0 : Super nice and extremely nice to look at
5.0 : the best professor in temple
5.0 : Professor Travis is an amazing and fun professor. Always loved going to his class and didn't have to worry about any exams or quizzes. His lectures are funny and interesting to listen to. There's 3 major projects assigned but shouldn't be THAT hard. He's a professor that understands his students. Overrall, was a chill and fun class to take.
5.0 : Bro, this class was dope. - 5/5
5.0 : Fun and relaxing class to be in. Lectures aren't as boring and he tries to keep the class fun and vibrant. Take him if possible.
5.0 : Very good at getting you to participate, which is very helpful in learning and doing well in her course.  Always offers to go above and beyond to help.  Awesome instructor overall.
5.0 : The department has online homework and required attendance, and you also get graded on participation. She's very sweet and, in general, it's an easy course. If you have the chance to take her, you definitely should! You have to have the textbook in class with you. She makes class easy but you also learn a lot.
5.0 : I loved her class. She is the best teacher ever . She helps you a lot . Just make sure u come cause attendance is important . He lectures are never boring. I highly recommended. She will put funny Spanish songs.  Her class is just great. I learned a lot and increased my interest on Spanish.
5.0 : Good teachers are those who are willing to make her students better then themselves, and I definitely felt that way with her. She is very kind and leads her students to a better understanding of the Spanish language. With clear explanation methods, a unique background and hardworking spirit, she brings into class a great learning experience. Thanks
5.0 : Chloe is very helpful in a basic spanish course. She accepts homework late and is very flexible with almost everything. Book work homework due every week, but very easy and quick to complete, online homework that you can get a 100% every time, only 1 oral exam at end! Easy language course and super sweet! Take her!
5.0 : Such a kind teacher who clearly wants her students to succeed. Loved her class and wish she was teaching Spanish II.
5.0 : By far my best professor coming in Freshman year, she makes Spanish easy, clear, and fun to learn. She has a positive and uplifting attitude everyday and is always ready to help each student learn.
5.0 : His powerpoints were always very well done and clear. The assignments were straightforward and easy to understand. If you didn't understand something, he was always willing to come over and explain it to you, helping you to figure out what was wrong. Overall a good lab instructor.
5.0 : Great Swim instructor that takes into account all skill levels, gives great one on one feedback during and after class, we played competitive aquatic games after class, don't expect to be coddled, give 110% in participation and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Taylor is fantastic! She's a super easy going swimming instructor. There aren't any outside assignments, but if you don't know how to do the assessments you're going to want to practice outside of class time. It wasn't a difficult class though. Participate and you'll do fine.
4.5 : Nice guy and tries his best to make the class interesting. It's a GenEd so it's probably not interesting to most people (especially me, I'm in Fox) but he does his best to make the material applicable to everyday life. Grading is very fair as well. Not bad for a science GenEd
4.0 : Genuinely nice guy, wants to see his students succeed. Takes the class very seriously, but as long as you show up and participate it's an easy A. Good option for a science gen Ed.
5.0 : This man is the GOAT. He rockin dem jordan bball kicks at all times and he dont care who sees. His voice is soooo soothing itll make u feel ur inner peace. His classes r easy A's alls he wants to see is his students understand the material and have fun along the way. Ima miss this man he the real deal a tru legend in the temple engineering program.
5.0 : She's awesome!
5.0 : she's so amazing!!! really makes sure you know the material and are prepared for the exams which are very easy. although attendance isn't technically mandatory, you lose 10 points if you don't come to class because you get participation points every class. but there are so many points overall, 10 points won't matter.
5.0 : Overall great professor. Do the weekly assignments &amp; use the study guides/class slides to study for the exams, you'll pass with an A. She also brings snacks to every class for students.
5.0 : Shes an awesome teacher! Honestly, her class is very interesting. Not a heavy lecture class. No text book used which will save you some money. Come to class and prepare to learn and you'll pass! She brings snacks to class everyday. She does weekly quiz but its easy tho. The class before each exam is always cancel, for the purpose of studying exam.
5.0 : She's awesome! Very easy class if you show up, pay attention, and participate. She really does not make this any harder than what it needs to be.
5.0 : She is the best professor ever in Temple University by far. Actually, I do not like to rate any of professors right here, but I have to do this time. She always tries to motivate her students by giving snacks in every class and sending emails to provide specific feedback. Simple description: Choose her and get an A. That's it.
5.0 : Extra credit opportunity every class!! Exams are straight up from the slides. Very Easy if you go over the slides a few times. Gives some questions that will be on the exam beforehand and those couple questions will def show up on the exam.
5.0 : Professor Gray is the best Physics teacher in Temple!  He is really helpful and reallyyyyy nice! His lectures are fun and really interesting (he likes to teach 8am classes lol)  Eventho lecture is not mandatory, if you don't go to class, you won't pass.  80% of his exams are the examples in class. PS. he is really HOT
5.0 : Definitely a great professor. I had him for Physics 1061 and he was great. Explains the material in a very understandable way. The class was still hard, but that's just the nature of the class. And yes, he is in fact very hot.
5.0 : Recently switched my major to psychology so i had to take careers in psy. Very easy- Ms. Garrison practically does all the work for you. Lectures are all on powerpoint and she ends up posting them on blackboard. Quizzes are based off the powerpoint so you really don't even need to take notes. Show up for class and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Lab Instructor for Anatomy &amp; Phys. Extremely relatable guy, very approachable, very helpful, will try to explain every detail of what you need to know, and very helpful. Honestly think this guy made the difference between me passing and failing Anatomy because of how well he explained everything in lab.
5.0 : Tyler is my booooyy! He's great. For 1223, you wanted Crystal L. for lab. For 1224, you want Tyler F. for lab. He's a awesome dude. Goes over all material you need to know (even gives you hints cough cough). Has funny stories and very relatable with students. He's very chill and will answer any and all questions. He presents everything you need.
4.5 : Pretty sure this was here first semester teaching but I will still be honest.  Pros-very good feedback on papers, she will guide you to an A on the final portfolio. Cons- Drags out full class time (1hr 40mins), sticks to 802 syllabus with all the readings. General- the class requires three 5-7 page papers and there is a strict 4 skip limit
5.0 : If you need an easy, interesting gen-ed, then you absolutely need to take this class. I cannot stress enough how easy it is. Kowal is a really interesting passionate guy. Only problem is it's mostly offered as an 8am. I missed class often and ended with an A. I really don't know what we were graded on because there were barely any assignments.
5.0 : I took Prof Wood's Intro to Design class. I loved her class because she takes u step by step starting from a beginner's level thru adobe illustrator, photoshop, and indesign. She focuses on important info&amp;things u may not have known about the programs&amp;assigns interesting projects. She's also not old so she's up to date with trends&amp;things!
2.5 : If you work to support yourself while in school, be ready to shell out at least $100 to have all the proper materials for mounting your projects, magazine subscriptions, and a text book (this is NOT required by other professors). Tends to be condescending towards students who show confusion. Her in class/and homework assignments aren't beneficial.
5.0 : Very little experience with Adobe software before this class so it was like another language to me. She went above and beyond to teach me everything I needed to know not only to pass the class, but to do really well. She cares about her students and will meet outside of class to make sure you are clear on the assignments. Highly recommend!!
4.0 : She gives good feedback, and is very helpful. She is very understanding, and is more than generous with extending timeframes for graded assignments.
5.0 : Amazing prof. TAKE HIM. Easiest course I've ever taken. He's kind of weird but THERE IS NO WAY TO FAIL
5.0 : Best teacher I've had yet.  Very supportive.
5.0 : Really seems to care and gives grades for assignments very quickly
5.0 : Awesome teacher. He's very concise and makes the material interesting! Homework is never a big deal. The material may seem overwhelming at first but he goes slow and explains it with just enough detail. You don't need to read too much of the text either, just show up to class, ask questions and you'll do well.
5.0 : Honestly this teacher is great, he really cares that you understand the material and has even put off test dates to make sure that class was ready. Very accessible outside of class and hosts study group office hours twice a week. He's a gem easy to talk to and super supportive!
5.0 : Professor Paterson was a great online professor.  It was a pleasure for my first online class to have him and participate in the weekly discussions.
5.0 : Great teacher! He is really clear when explaining content, and is a really kind grader on tests. He is so respectful to every student and will walk around to make sure that everyone is on the same page. I would definitely take this class again. I recommend him highly to anyone who feels that they aren't good in Spanish.
5.0 : If your worried about Level 2 being spoken in only Spanish don't worry anymore. Professor Ryan is an awesome teacher. Hands down the best Spanish teacher at this university. Super easy grader and hw is mandatory, but its always short and easy. I would most definitely take him again. P.s he mainly speaks english in class ;)
5.0 : Professor Ryan is honestly one of the nicest individuals I have ever met. He does not judge if you are struggling with the material, but instead helps you, as he understands this course content is in fact foreign to us. Also, he EXPLAINS AND ANSWERS QUESTIONS IN ENGLISH. I would take him as a teacher a thousand times over. You can't go wrong.
4.0 : I was not really excited about taking a Spanish Lit course but needed to for my minor. Will made the material accessible and gave it meaning in a broader context. Instead of looking for hidden meanings the author could have left, we examined the historical backdrop of when the piece was written and what ideological movements the author belonged to.
4.0 : Took him for Honors Hispanic Readings. Great guy and really knowledgable about material, I just wasn't that into the class. Cares about students, coming to class every day, very accessible. Passion for Spanish and literature in general. Gives lots of chances to ask questions and isn't too tough of a grader. Rewards/appreciates effort.
4.0 : Prof Ryan is the BEST! His class is easy, but you'll still learn a lot. Not a ton of work, so you can focus on the material without getting stressed. Very accessible outside of class too. He genuinely cares about his students. Also, he's a super easy grader. One of the nicest profs I've ever met! I even named my Christmas tree after him! Take him!
5.0 : Prof Ryan is great! He's genuinely one of the nicest people I've ever met! His class is easy but not boring. There are only two exams, and they're only a really small portion of your grade. He's also a pretty easy grader. Such a nice guy! Definitely take him if you can!
5.0 : Professor Ryan is amazing and really cares about his students and takes the extra step to make sure everyone is on track. He even makes appointments by himself with his students to make sure they understand the texts we are reading. He occasionally gives out quizzes that are SUPER easy. If you read the texts and participate, you will pass!
4.0 : My absolute favorite professor thus far. Since the material is hard, she curves and is not is tough grader. She gave the class 3 final grade points just for doing the professor assessment for her. Please take her! It's an easy A, trust me! The textbook and quizes are online saves money and do the SONA credits !!
5.0 : Dr. Rosenthal is a professor who is passionate about her career and genuinely cares about her students and will work with you to make sure that you succeed. I took her for Clinical psychology and she knows the material and gives plenty of real-world examples along with the lectures. Also she uploads the ppts and gives reviews before all exams.
4.0 : She is a very nice lady but this class has a TON of homework including a 10 page research paper but other than that she's very caring and super cool
4.0 : Dr. Wright was awesome. Took him a night class and it wasn't bad. He clearly explained the text and made the lectures enjoyable. His test and quizzes (which are online) are straight to the point. If you go to class and study you will pass.
5.0 : Very easy A. Come to class, participate and class is enjoyable for everyone. Very funny, respectful, straightforward, flexible professor. Tries to get you out of night class at decent time. Clear power points however you need textbook for exams, it is possible to pass class without. Gives extra credit, 3 online quizzes and 3 exams could be in class
5.0 : He's actually a great professor. I wish he taught Calc 2 :( Homework is fairly short and quizzes are straightforward. If you can't pass in his class, then you can't pass in anything!
5.0 : He's a great professor! Just don't be shy and ask any questions! He isn't condescending at all! 11/8 would take again!
4.5 : Very smart prof in MKTG. 2 tests, 4 quizzes and a semester long group project. Take notes, very important for tests, they are hard if you dont take them serious. You will learn a lot, he is also very helpful and will be sure you understand and wont leave you hanging. Engages the class well with "class activities" which also helped learn materials.
4.0 : The text book used for her Gender in America class is lengthy and she grades the notes for it, but her classes are interesting and you can see that she cares about her students and what she's teaching
4.0 : Professor Anni was really nice and sweet, and very interested in the material. Tests and quizzes were really hard tho. All the information is in the powerpoints, but the wording on the tests is kind of confusing sometimes. She gave us the option to do an extra credit presentation at the end of the semester. Only bad thing is she has an accent
5.0 : Great teacher. She will see you are clearly having trouble with project and automatically help you.  She's really sweet and kind and has a sense of humor. She's also very laid back. She may take sometime to reply to emails or will just discuss them with you at the beginning of the next class. Very fun course!
5.0 : Taylor knows a lot about what she teaches. She is really kind and creative, and always willing to give helpful feedback to her students, and isn't a tough grader. I had her for Jewelry at 8am. I'm never a morning person, but taking her class was worth it and so much fun!
5.0 : Amazing professor! Master of material and provides on the job info. Teaches material in a way that you leave class with full understanding. Tests are straight from material. This is the second class I took with her and would take another!
4.0 : A little disorganized but is always available to talk to about anything yo do not understand. Do assignments and get credit and good feedback.
5.0 : She's great! Definitely my favorite professor of the spring semester. She's cool, she doesn't waste time, and she knows what she is talking about. I wish she taught more classes so I could take her again. A few very short papers and two presentations in groups. Textbook used sometimes. I recommend 100%
4.5 : Professor Whipple was great! Not a whole lot of textbook reading (mostly reading online articles) and very few tests. No final at the end either, just a 5 page paper about what you learned during the semester. Just be wary that there are group projects which you have to get involved in for credit.
5.0 : Great class!   Dr. Rivera is one of the best at Fox.   There was a lot of work, but everything was very applicable.
5.0 : Professor Rivera was one of the best professors that I have ever taken here at Temple. He creates a great atmosphere where you feel comfortable sharing and learning the material. You will not regret taking him!!
5.0 : Professor Rivera brings amazing energy to the room. He instantly creates an environment that you feel comfortable participating and offering your ideas/opinions. The content of this course is extremely applicable to a business setting, and gave me great perspective on how to keep your business on a constant trajectory to success, despite failures
5.0 : Amazing guy!   He cares about you and wants you to learn!  His class is not too difficult... just go to class and do the work and you'll pass.  Takes him!
5.0 : Willing to help in anyway he can, very fair grader, interesting classes and clearly conveys assignments
5.0 : Great Class
5.0 : Professor Rivera is a different kind of professor. He cares about all of his students. His goal is to help prepare you for the future. He is very inspirational and he motivates you to want to go out and actually be someone important.
5.0 : Dr. Rivera is an extremely good professor and my favorite at Fox. He knows his information and has a lot of interest and passion in the topics he is teaching.  He also has a good sense of humor and can communicate with students from a basic - advanced level of thinking. All you need to is just attend class, study and you will do fine.
5.0 : I enjoyed all three classes I took with this prof.  Excellent instructor and a nice person.
5.0 : Michael is a solid professor. Very interested in seeing students achieve and keeps class interesting with live, outside presentations.
5.0 : I took his class on innovation strategy.  Great experience.   Definitely take him.
5.0 : Dr. Rivera is truly a great professor.   He teaches through very interactive classes.  Never a dull moment.
5.0 : There was a lot of work in the beginning, but a great class in the end.
5.0 : Tim is by far one of the best professors within the School of Education if not all of Temple. He teaches you all aspects of education, pedagogical theory, practical methods to implement different things within you classroom, and gives advice from personal experience (he's a former High School teacher.) He also goes out of his way to help you.
3.0 : Dr. Patterson is very passionate about the topic, but people who do not have a history background, be prepared.  There is no late work, all assignments are due before the end of the of the semester.
5.0 : In a class that inspires you to get physical and act silly at points, He makes it enjoyable. There's a fair amount of journals and similar assignment to get through, but all-n-all, an easy class.
5.0 : Matt made the art GenEd experience more than enjoyable. He is a super cool person and an excellent teacher.
5.0 : Amazing professor, The class is easy and he is funny but he has a tendency to say "um" A LOT. He provides constructive feedback and makes the class fun. An easy A as long as you show up and put in minimal effort. Great GenEd professor. Tips: Don't buy or rent the book; he only uses it twice. Don't choose a bad scene partner or a long script
5.0 : Matt was without a doubt the best professor I had all semester. In his Creativity:Basic class if you do the work and show up you are guaranteed a 100%. The assignments are all very fun and the class gives you the chance to open up to your peers. I would absolutely take Matthew again, I enjoyed this class a whole lot.
5.0 : Awesome Teacher
5.0 : She made herself available for questions.  She made the three hours class go by fast. I really enjoyed my time with Professor McConaghy and would take her again. We had in 2 class writing assignment and she allowed note cards. You really wanted to participate because it your option for your experience. Quizzes every class but they were not bad
5.0 : I took this GenEd to satisfy U.S. Society and I would recommend all students to take it for an elective. Very easy, straight forward class. The professor knows everything there is to know about sports and society. He's very engaging and wants everyone to get the most out of the class. It was only 7 weeks and was, again, an easy A!!!
5.0 : Dr Kent's background and insight to the Sports Workplace was outstanding. Really enjoyed the online lectures and got far more value from the course than planned. Easy going nature and great anecdotes. Do your work, participate and you will be fine.
5.0 : As long as you write the 4 essays, you will easily pass. Some quizzes but very easy. Easiest class I have had at Temple. She's so sweet and nice and will help you with everything. Show up and pass.
5.0 : Tracy Wood goes out of her way to help each one of her students. She has improved my writing skills tremendously. The readings are very interesting. If you show improvement, you will get a good grade. Ask her about her life, she has lived quite an amazing one, and loves to share anecdotes. Oh and, she now works at Suffolk University Madrid Campus.
5.0 : I was able to learn a lot in this class. There was quite a lot of work but she makes it easy for you to understanding. I enjoyed her teaching style.
5.0 : Professor Sundstrom Fitzgerald is the best. She really cares about her students, and will take time to make sure her students are doing well. I once had a question about a research paper and she spent an hour working with me on it. Highly Recommend.
5.0 : One of the best Marketing professors I had. Took online for Marketing Capstone and she was great. Really good at tying everything you learned in marketing together and goes out of her way to make sure you truly understand what she is teaching. She has a good personality, so you wont be bored, but you will also learn a lot. I highly recommend her!!!
5.0 : There were no exams but the final. The homework and quizzes are all done though Pearson, use the textbook for the quizzes and homework and there are an easy A. She takes attendance so you need to show up for every class. If I can I will deff be taken her in the future for classes.
5.0 : Seth is hilarious, and he makes seminar feel less like extra work and more like a fun time to catch up with friends. He gives a few easy homework assignments and a few projects, but not much since the class only meets once a week.
4.0 : The class itself is not hard. I thought it was kind of fun and we did learn some helpful things for the semester and for college in general. You get a good chance to make new friends as a freshman because of the group projects. Seth is absolutely the funniest guy, and if you don't show up, you're missing out on a lot of good comments/jokes!
5.0 : Graham's lectures are really informational! He really cares about his student's success and goes out of his way to hold review sessions and post extra practice problems. While the textbook wasn't necessarily mandatory for this class, I would totally recommend reading through it before class. His tests were pretty fair as well.
1.0 : Poorly organized lectures and unsatisfying answers to questions. He is an absolutely brilliant man, but not so much a good professor. Attendance was mandatory, yet lectures were useless. Naturally, expect to be teaching yourself the entirety of the semester, but also expect no reinforcement from him.
5.0 : He made it simple to understand. Willing to answer question during lecture and outside of class. Often is in his office, even outside of his office hour. He is funny and give you personal help if you go to him. Gives extra problems, practice exams, and extra lecture to prepare for exam. Drop 1 exam out of 4. Curves according to class exam average.
5.0 : Graham was by far my favorite teacher for my first year at temple. He made the class fun and comfortable to ask questions. I would love to take another class of his you won't regret it.
5.0 : Great teacher, very friendly learned a lot. Always told jokes to keep people attentive!
4.0 : Really good teacher who genuinly cares about the subject. Tests are hard but he has small curves and drops one of the four exams.
5.0 : My lecture professor. He's younger than most professors but I personally like that a lot. He's very funny throughout lecture. Likes to get us all engaged with what we're learning. He's very good at explaining the material (make sure you read the textbook before lecture, everything he covers will be a review from the book) and openly takes questions
5.0 : Graham is pretty good at giving lectures, but if you read the book ahead of time, there's no point to them. Since each lecture is only 50 minutes long, he can only summarize the section. He'll take questions if you ask. There are clicker quizzes every lecture, but 5 lowest get dropped and you can still take them if you show up late to lecture.
5.0 : Great teacher, spends time explaining things students don't understand, asks what the "murkiest" topic of the day was and goes back over it to help. Funny and entertaining. Nice. Posts the days notes and slides every day after class.
5.0 : Great professor. He is very nice and tries to keep people's attention. His lectures are really easy to understand and is open to any questions from students.  He puts a lot of effort into making sure you pass the class. If you don't want to read the textbook, make sure to attend every lecture and pay attention.
5.0 : He is a great teacher for the hard topic of general chemistry. Not only is he always willing to help and answer questions, he works hard to keep the class entertained and is very funny. He explains the material thoroughly and does many examples and clicker questions during class. Also, he is very easy to contact for extra help or questions.
5.0 : So nice and caring. His lectures are great he's really good at explaining things.
5.0 : I absolutely adore Graham.  He made me consider switching my major to chemistry.  He has a hard class, but definitely makes it worth taking. I would retake him in a heartbeat!  He is super funny, and engages the class- all while explaining things really well.   Awesome human!
5.0 : Graham is very nice and funny. His lectures are also very clear and easy to understand. He provides us with a lot of extra practice problems and practice exams. There are 4 exams, which are very difficult, but one exam is dropped. He curves the class. I would recommend reading the textbook before coming to class. Participation counts.
5.0 : graham is amazing. he cares so much for the students ,making sure the class understands the material. his lectures are awesome and hilarious. He has a really cute high pitched laugh. helpful and makes chemistry enjoyable. make sure to attend the review session he sums up the material  nicely and compact. I would definitely take him again!
5.0 : He was my favorite professor this semester. He really cares about each of his students and he presents the information in a way that's easy to understand. Very intelligent, would love to take him again
4.0 : He's a great teacher, I had him for his 1st time teaching Chem and he was great, and so adorable!! He's just so sweet and nice and awesome with questions. Taking textbook notes is NECESSARY and do sapling hw well, don't just rush through and cram for the test later. 1 of the 4 tests is dropped and lowest sapling Hw is dropped as well, and he curves
5.0 : Graham is the best professors for Gen Chem I. He explains things so well and he makes all his lectures interesting. He gives so many tools to help you with weekly practice problems and practice exams and problems for each exam.
5.0 : This class is suppose to weed students out oh the major. Get ready to work harder than you ever had before unless chem comes easy to you. This class is difficult but graham is hilarious and truly cares about the students and wants to help any way he can. Reach out before it is too late.
5.0 : Graham is the best. He is by far one of my favorite professors as he makes a boring chem class pretty interesting. His excitement about chem is contagious and overall just makes a great learning environment. That being said, you do need to put in a work to do well; however, it is not impossible to get an A. Definitely recommend!
2.0 : The professor is great at teaching the students but there is not enough time when taking the exam. And you have two weeks to study for each exam.
5.0 : THE BEST. Amazing lectures, explains brilliantly, and also such a funny and warm person.  Clear expectations, and even took an entire lecture after the first exam to give study tips to us as freshman. Very caring, fantastic explanations, goes above and beyond in lectures and even gives extra exam review lectures. Office hours are wonderful. TAKE.
5.0 : Wonderful teacher! His style of teaching helps you grasp the material. He'll answer any and ALL questions asked. Gives quizzes frequently(not pop) which help you keep on top of material and target your weaknesses. They really help prepare for exams since they're heavily weighted.   Has a way of breaking down material to simple understanding. A+
4.0 : Very passionate about Chinese history. Did a good job of covering thousands of years over a semester. A living encyclopedia on the subject. Very charming and silly but has no problem tearing down someone over texting, doodling, etc. during her lively lectures. 2 major tests, a team presentation, and short paper were the core of the grade.
5.0 : She is very passion about the course and give interesting class. Only one text book but a little bit expensive, however she will have print for every class and have the summary of each class. 2 tests, one paper, sometimes have map quiz. If you listen the class and read her prints, easy to pass the course and really learn a lot of things.
4.0 : Adam was a very good choice for this gen ed class. He's a bit odd but a very nice guy. Basically, if you show up, do the readings, and put in a little bit of effort on the papers you will get an A, no doubt.
4.0 : Pretty good guy, your average english 802 professor. The class itself was kind of tedious and a pain but he was an interesting enough guy that going to class was TOO bad. He always made himself available and always had office hours. He also gets back to you via email super quickly. If you're out of options for english 802 he's a good pick.
5.0 : Carmelo is funny and truly cares about his students. Participation matters but he makes class a low-stress environment. His tests are straightforward and the same format every time, and he drops the lowest one. He gives more than enough time to practice material in class and makes it enjoyable. Ask him to bring his puppy into class!
5.0 : Professor Conley is such an incredible professor/person. I had this AMAZING woman for a professional development class specifically directed for Liberal Arts students, and boy am I feeling professional! Nicole taught important life skills that will carry me far into my professional career! It didn't hurt that she was also very easy on the eyes!
5.0 : So Profesh! After taking Mrs. Conley's course, I was in resume-mania mode! Although she was pretty strict with deadlines and attendance and non-sleeping, all you have to do is the assigned work and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Finish extra credit for A
5.0 : very passionate in class
4.0 : one of the best teachers in IELP
5.0 : The process is a little hard, but the classes were so instructive and useful. The professor encouraged students to ask whenever and participate into the class. When I asked him, he gave me so detailed explanations and various examples. He was so glad with questions.
5.0 : good teacher but sometimes grade hard. he goes very fast in listening and speaking class.
3.0 : you dont have to attend - lots of group work - his cool but strict -
4.0 : Giving good comments and advice when students need. I would recommend to other students.
5.0 : Professor Lewis is an amazing woman who has a desire to see every student in her class do well. Every student presents on a chapter of one of the two online (free) books and her covers the missing details afterwards. You have 2 essays and the presentation, as well as 12-15 community volunteer hours and a journal on those.
5.0 : Professor Lewis is a great professor. Had her for Inclusive Ed. Really simple class format. 2 papers and some fieldwork consist of most of the work. You have to teach the class at a point during the semester as well. I'd take again.
5.0 : Presents material in a discussion-based format. There is no text for the course. Reading materials include many articles of various length. Graded on three papers and a presentation/discussion leading session, as well as participation. This class was both interesting and useful. Would take her again as a professor and recommend.
5.0 : 3 Essays based on the three books you have to read, and a presentation on one of the chapters, but it is not difficult at all. You can get away with not reading. You do not have to buy the books. Attendance is worth points. She is not a tough grader, and is very easy going.
5.0 : FAVORITE PROFESSOR I'VE TAKEN SO FAR AT TEMPLE! She's so nice and funny. Also really personable.
4.0 : She works for the Philadelphia School District which was a benefit for students. This class moves VERY quickly. If you do not have a strong computer background be prepared to spend more time on required projects, there are many. My only caution is that it appeared she was overwhelmed/tired at times during the semester. Would take her again.
5.0 : I had her for my night class. It's a night class, so it's long, but she makes it worthwhile. There are a lot of assignments but she makes it hard to not get at least a B+. I never got my final grade back yet, but I'm hoping for at least an A-. If you can definitely take her, she makes a 2.5-hour class not awful! Very chill and laid back, 10/10!
5.0 : A great teacher!
5.0 : I love Dr. Beale!
4.0 : Cerkez is a very good professor who gives clear notes and is very approachable. She also tends to give out a few pop lecture quizzes, so make sure you go to class. Although she's a great professor, her tests are lengthy and harder than the material that is gone over in class, so be sure to go over textbook problems.
5.0 : Solid choice for Chem 1. Her lectures are straightforward and she's very easy to understand. The exams are lecture-heavy so it's a good idea to pay attention in class, she prepares you well. Some pop quizzes here and there. She's a very organized professor and one of your best choices compared to some of the other (harder) chem professors.
4.0 : She's a very good lecturer. Go to class, because she gives a few pop quizzes to check for attendance. The tests are harder than the material learned during the lecture, so make sure to read the textbook. She cares about her students &amp; answers emails in a timely fashion.
2.0 : I took my first semester Chemistry class with Dr. Cerkez. First of all, the lecture hall is 250 + people and she writes the notes on the board each and every class. It's annoying, and it's hard to see since there is no way everyone can sit up close. So if you miss one lecture, you can't get the notes unless you know someone.
4.0 : Very good teacher, she writes the notes on the board so you don't have to stress thinking about what notes to take. no electronics allowed in her class so you have to handwrite notes but its not too bad. Moderate exams and the curve is pretty good. Had some pop quizzes (like 3?) for attendance purposes. Go to her office hours if you have questions!
5.0 : I had her for Gen Chem 1 and 2.  She is awesome.  You'll have to work in chem as it is not easy, but I studied outside of class and did all the homework and finished with a B+. If you work hard you'll do well and she is very willing to help you out as long as youre doing your part.  She's very fair and good at teaching material during lecture
4.0 : Dr. Cerkez was such an easy professor to understand. She is very clear about lecture material, grades, what will be on the exams, and more. She is very approachable so don't be scared to go to her if you have questions. As long as you show up to class and actually review the material you'll definitely pass!
5.0 : Excellent teacher. Explains all material very well. Very clear about what is needed to know for testing. Fair grader, drops some low grades.
5.0 : I took her for both Chem 1031 and 1032. She's very organized and knows what she is doing. Do come to lectures because she does give out pop-quizzes. Her lecture is very easy to follow. 4 exams - drop the lowest one. Her exams is very fair.
4.0 : Took her for chem 1 and 2. Amazing lectures where she gives you amazing notes. One of best chem teachers at Temple. You need to put in a lot of work to keep up though. Review the notes and do textbook problems and you will do well. Always available to explain when you are confused. Does not curve though. Still tests are fair if you put in work.
3.0 : She's a good lecturer but her tests are insane and in some cases very difficult to prepare for. If you're a chemistry wizard she's pretty great, but if you're not she's okay at best.
5.0 : Fair tests, fair grading, and a great teacher. If you take good notes, do practice problems, and put time into the online homework, you will do well. Her notes are very clear and concise. She is happy to see you and is eager to help in office hours. 10/10 would take again. She is the best science professor I've had at temple thus far
4.0 : I feel like this class if very transparent in what she wants. This class is definitely easier with Cerkez teaching. She doesn't waste time. Very straight forward and to the point.  Go to class because she will have pop quizzes to check on attendance. She is very approachable and easy to go to to ask questions.
4.0 : She cares about the class and her students. Even though the material is difficult, she does her best to make sure everyone understands.
2.0 : very understanding of students but her lectures are so heavy and overwhelimg- don't think i would take again
2.0 : Cerkez is a joke. Firstly, how does she think its acceptable to gove pop quizzes? This is my second time taking this course, the first time I took it with Price. If Price is the best professor, Cerkez is mediocre. She constantly second-guesses herself while lecturing, gives pop quizzes in lecture, and breezes through the material. Do not take!!!
4.0 : The lab for this class was definitely difficult and every lab took me upwards of 3-4 hours to complete, and Cerkez is a hard grader, but she clearly cares about what she is doing and will explain everything thoroughly and answer all your questions. It was a very work heavy lab but I learned  a lot
4.0 : Lab quizzes aren't that hard if you read the lab before hand. Make sure you show up on time. Tough grader on the lab reports, but leaves helpful comments. Very nice, funny. Will help you with the lab where she can. Always demonstrates new techniques before we begin.
4.0 : Professor Cerkez is a good teacher. She is very straightforward and approachable. If you pay attention in class and have all the notes, you will easily pass her tests. There are some pop-quizzes so go to class.
3.0 : Professor Cerkez is a very difficult professor. She clearly knows what she is talking about and will explain any material to you if you don't understand. The only bad part about taking her section is that she her test are very intensive (difficult) and also lengthy compared to the other professors. Overall her course is very difficult.
5.0 : She'll definitely make you work for it, but Professor Cerkez is really good. She excepts you to be mature and take responsibility for this class but she is hilarious and easy to talk to. Graded by 10 out of 11 lab quizzes (make sure you write a lot in lab notebook!), 7 experiments, lab notebook, and final. Work hard and you'll do well.
3.0 : Shes has a great personailty , she kinda depends on her TA's a lot though so if you TA sucks it might be rough , She does give pop quizzes like 4 that are 10 pts. She gives 20 questions for Sapling (homework) , you can use the openstax textbook to study from. she gives study guides and makes her own test. Still a hard class though
5.0 : Very awesome and caring professor.  Makes class interesting, has a lot of group projects.  If you do the work which is not an unreasonable amount and give the effort you should have no problem getting an A.
5.0 : Participate, attend classes on time, show her you're interested and working hard  &amp; she'll give you an A. Her personal stories show exactly what a great person she is. She talks about her husband and son Asher all the time, which is adorable. She's young, intellectual &amp;up-to-date with everything that's happening and she's really just like a friend.
5.0 : Very engaging
4.0 : Julie is a wonderful professor; we just had to write 3 papers over the semester. She was a tough grader, but gives the whole semester for revisions. I got C's and B's on all of my papers, but after revising them exactly how she wanted, I got a A for the course. You can only miss 4 days a semester, but class is usually engaging.
5.0 : Chill &amp; Funny
5.0 : This teacher is funny and he gives easy assignment and case study. Also, his exam is simple because he will show you the short essay topics before the exam. You just need to come to the class because of the signing sheet. Choose him! even he is in the central city. definitely great.
4.0 : Prof. Zaccagni is cool. He encouraged student interaction which is a plus for me. Test are pretty long but he adds a curve. He talks a lot and his lectures were actually interesting and fun.
4.0 : Adjunct professor who works for the city of Philadelphia, very well versed in his subject so the class goes very smoothly.
5.0 : Lenny was the GOAT. Best professor I've had so far he makes the class both fun and positive. He brings a lot of energy to the classroom and makes everyone feel welcome. He's a homie.
5.0 : I took Prof Washington for the Meaning of Madness for a gen ed. Although his class is strictly lectures, he makes the class so enjoyable and understandable. There are no quizzes or tests, just 2 short responses on Blackboard, 2 short reflection papers (1 page), and 2 group projects. 10/10 would recommend :)
5.0 : Prof. Washington is great, I had him for Meaning of Madness and he is a laid back teacher. He did lectures and discussions every class and we had to read two books, but the workload is very manageable. He also opens your eyes to a whole new perspective. Overall just a great teacher and very fair about grading.
5.0 : Professor Washington is probably the most upbeat and understanding professor I've ever had. He's super young, working on his doctorate, so he's very relatable. There's no textbook, attendance isn't mandatory, he's hilarious, the material is super interesting for Tweens and Teens, and there is barely any homework. I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND HIM!
4.0 : His class Teens and Tweens is extremely easy. The midterm and final are both just 2 discussion questions on blackboard. He's a great professor and most of the classes are open discussion. You can seriously say whatever you want in class and he openly accepts your feedback and comments.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had! He teaches the course with passion. I look forward going to his class every week because he makes it so interesting and honestly cares about his students. It's an easy A class and you will definitely learn a lot.
5.0 : All I have to say is BEST PROFESSOR EVER. Anyone who took him knows what I'm talking about.
5.0 : Professor Washington is by far my favorite teacher. His lecture style is very boy/girl meets world style. He allows you to ask questions that you might not feel comfortable asking outside the class and let's you voice your opinion. He truly cares about his students and midterm and final was the only test. You will actually want to come to class.
5.0 : He's the man
5.0 : he's literally amazing. I would recommend him to everyone, he's so easy to talk to and cares about his students!
5.0 : Professor Washington is my favorite professor so far at Temple. He has amazing lectures and talks about topics that not a lot of other people are comfortable talking about. He loves answering all of his student's questions and really cares a lot about us. He is extremely passionate about teaching and educating people. Definitely take him!!!
5.0 : Professor Washington was always energetic for classes and passionate about what he was teaching.  This made class a lot more enjoyable knowing that your professor actually wants to be there and enjoys what they are doing.  He has interesting lectures with open dialogue and encourages students to always ask questions.
5.0 : He's a great teacher ; discussion based but you watch a couple videos and movies ; group project is light hearted but interesting  Class is really intriguing
5.0 : I absolutely loved Professor Washington's Tweens and Teens class! It was super interactive and participation was definitely not mandatory, however the discussions were really interesting so I ended up participating anyway. I would definitely take this class again if I could!
5.0 : Took this class, and it is a really interesting class as long as you make it fun. Though, I did skip a few classes because it was a 9:30am and I was just not feeling it, but that did not deduct any points. Easy grader with most, just as long as you do the online assignments you'll be good. Easy A. Not much work at all. Online midterm and final.
5.0 : what an amazing professor. he is a well-rounded, young, intelligent guy. he just makes you feel relaxed in class but at the same time teaches the best lessons. easy class. very little homework with no tests other than an online midterm just answering a few questions based of the INTERESTING lesson. he really cares about his students.
5.0 : Very helpful and willing to work with you. Doesn't assign busy or unnecessary work. I could of skipped almost every class and got an A but he made class so fun and entertaining I enjoyed going. Plus class always ended early. Great Professor, if you have the opportunity to take a class with this professor I highly recommend it.
5.0 : Professor Washington is a cool guy. The whole class is just lectures, but he really takes the time to make them interesting and involves the students in them. The entire class is composed of just a few short memos, a group project, and a mid-term and final. He makes it really easy for you.
5.0 : I took this class for a GenEd and it ended up being my favorite class. Prof. Washington is fun to be around and it never felt like I was in class. He gives lecturing a completely different meaning. Def take his class 10/10
5.0 : Great Professor. Friendly and charming. Knows how to motivate the students and get the job done.
5.0 : One of the  best classes that I have taken so far at Temple. She has an amazing presence in class. She is strict, disciplined, but at the same time extremely caring. She goes over and above what is required to make sure that the students do well in her class.
5.0 : great feedback, whether you want to or not, you'll learn to improve your writing, create original arguments and defend them effectively lots of cool discussions in class about gender, race, gentrification,society low-key rude when people make stupid comments answers emails quickly if you miss more than 4 classes you fail
4.0 : I love going to her class because of the in-class discussions, so prepare to participate! She's very nice and clearly cares about her students. There were a lot of readings but they help with your papers. We did a lot of peer revisions, which helped a lot! Also, don't be late to class ! You will automatically fail if you miss more than 4 classes.
5.0 : Very helpful in learning to write college papers which I found difficult.
5.0 : Devon is an amazing professor who is funny and personable.  She assigns readings every class either from the textbook or articles online.  She mainly goes over what is covered in the textbook in her lectures, but the articles are necessary to read for various participation activities and for the midterm and take home final.
4.0 : Extremely strict about the syllabus. Deadlines and attendance are super important. Her class requires a lot of effort, she is a very tough grader and I had go to and meet with her during her office hours in order to do well on a paper. The concepts on papers and exams are abstract and require a lot of time and thought.
5.0 : Really great professor. She is really kind and easy going. Some-what strict about the syllabus but understanding and willing to help you with all of your assignments. Lots of reading, but she goes over it in class. Midterm and final are take home and yes attendance is required but she gives you plenty of extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : Professor Mahoney is a great professor. He has weekly quizzes based off of your weekly readings which are not difficult and then a midterm/final. He really cares about participation so make sure you participate which also counts a lot towards your grade. Other than that he has a lot of knowledge and is a easy going and cool professor.
5.0 : Beginning of the semester I thought Greek Theater and Society would be a tough and boring class. But few weeks into it stories and lectures got interesting. Yes sometimes the content is really boring and makes you want to sleep but professor was good at explaining the content. Class isn't difficult: a midterm, final and weekly quizzes.
4.0 : Very clear schedule of when things are due and quizzes are taken, but also pretty chill in terms of making up assignments as long as you (politely) give him a reason.  His lectures sort of put all the readings into perspective and made a lot of connections (i.e. the stuff you need for the exams).
5.0 : One of those professors who you can tell really knows what he's talking about, and if you have a question he always has a good answer. Not a boring lecturer at all. If you're a lit major, history major, or have need an elective field definitely take one of his classes. This man is the truth.
5.0 : Initially, I thought he was just out of grad school with how young he looked! His first semester teaching at Temple, and he did a better job than most who have been teaching for years. Great professor, great dude; makes the content interesting and easy as possible. Very succinct and to the point in what he expects. Lenient and fair grader. Take it.
3.0 : Prof. Shah is a good teacher, but the material is just hard. The key is to review the material often and go to office hours if need be. Going to class is not required but she leaves blanks in the notes she posts and the only way to get them is to go to class so it is basically mandatory if you want to understand the material.
3.0 : Had her for psychopharm. Loved the class &amp; material. She's a fine prof. Very professional. Straight forward and to the point. Will help u when u need it but omg were her tests HARD. Trick questions. Questions that had extremely  subtle differences between answers so you better study all of the material. &amp; not just to remember, u better understand.
5.0 : Professor Shah's lectures are always extremely well-organized and interesting, she is great with answering questions during class, and she is there for you if you need extra help. The exams required us to understand and think about the material, but I found that helped me to learn even more. I highly recommend Professor Shah and Psychopharmacology!
5.0 : Easily one of the most understanding teachers I've ever had at Temple or anywhere. She really makes an effort to ensure you understand the material. While the course is difficult, that's because of the course. Her lectures are straightforward, you know exactly what's expected of you, and she gives you all the material you need to ace exams.
5.0 : Dr. Shah really goes out of her way to make sure you understand the material. She used student feedback to tweak her lecture style. She lectures at a moderate pace &amp; is always willing to go back a slide or answer questions. Tests are basically straight out of the notes. She drops the lowest exam grade, and quiz &amp; attendance grades help balance it.
5.0 : AMAZING PROF, probably one of the best one's at temple.  She goes out of her way to make sure her student's really understand the material.  Her class is based on online quizes, 4 exams (drop lowest), and participation activities. Take her if you have the opportunity, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Professor Shah is a great neuroscience professor.  Her tests may be hard, but if you study it's doable. 4 exams, online quizzes, and some in class activities are what count toward your grade. Really makes sure her students understand the material and is always open for questions.  10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Shah is awesome! Her lectures are pretty dense but she makes everything easy to understand. She drops the lowest of everything except for the 3 two-page papers. She's also extremely accessible and incredibly helpful with anything outside of class. You definitely have to study, but she gives you everything you'd need to succeed. Love her!
5.0 : lovely professor and I recommend her 100%. she truly cares about her students understanding the material, and gives plenty of opportunities for you to pass or catch up if you happen to fall behind.  she reviews the previous lectures before starting another and it really helps. LOVE HER, PLEASE TAKE HER IF YOU CAN!
4.0 : KO is very nice. She emphasizes a lot on relaxation. She makes you feel comfortable and respected. This class is an easy A.
3.0 : Class is boring, not his fault though. He goes over a few things in the slides, then starts solving homework problems (can finish homework in class). Class is based on using ExcelOM to solve problems in MyOMLab. Was his first time as teacher after his industrial career, experienced. Not a bad teacher, interested in students, helpful, open book/note
5.0 : Professor Fung is great! His humor is unique and funny and he cares about his students. He ensured that all his students understood the material and he explained it in a very simple way. This is my second time taking this class. The first time i took this course i received a 50%ish for test 1 and now on the same test i received a 89%. TAKE HIM!!!!!
3.0 : This was his first time teaching at Temple and is an industry professional, that being said the class was taught very poorly. The entire class is about learning a software called "ExcelOM" which I doubt is even used in the professional world. The class is a waste of time if your really interested in the subject. Open note/open book tests though.
5.0 : Professor Fung makes this class a breeze! He actually walks you through Excel OM and homework problems, therefore we know how to complete them on our own. He makes a difficult topic entertaining, and is very understanding of obligations that students have for other courses. I have heard nightmares about this course, but Fung makes this class easy!
5.0 : I had her for Child Psychopathology and I can honestly say I learned the most in this class from her. She is really easy-going and creates a nice classroom atmosphere for everyone. Simply a great teacher, I would take her again if I could.
5.0 : She is one of the best professors I had at Temple. She is very friendly. She follows the syllabus. This class is suppose to help you figure out a career in psychology. She was very helpful to me especially outside of class. I would highly recommend her.
5.0 : Easiest class since starting at Temple. Numerous extra credit opportunities., only 5 or 6 online quizzes and one resume and cover letter assignment.
5.0 : NICOLE IS AMAZING!!! I had her for Child Psychopathology and it was one of my favorite psych classes I've taken at Temple.
4.0 : Very nice &amp; good professor. Although some of his labs were very difficult but he's always willing to help outside of class. Quizzes were mainly taken for attendance. Midterms were graded fairly lenient because he wants students to do well. He also does curve your overall grade so it's a plus. Just don't be lazy &amp; you'll pass.
4.0 : The tests are tough but you can use as many notes as you want so bring all of them and you'll do fine.
4.0 : Difficult exams, so make sure you're actually learning the stuff. He makes you work, but afterwards you'll find that you've learned a lot (and all relevant). He has an occasional (but outstanding) sense of humor. Fairly helpful.
5.0 : Funniest human I've ever met. He's very down to earth and genuinely a good guy. Rosen teaches very well and gives good examples. He sympathizes with the students and makes sure everyone understands.
4.0 : He's a very smart man, knows his stuff. His labs are super difficult, but you can usually find solutions/help on google. His lectures are boring, but bring your laptop and type up the code that he has, his examples are super helpful. He's very helpful in office hours too. He's probably the best prof for 1068, but I've heard his 2168 class is HARD.
5.0 : Explains very thoroughly in a way you can understand. As long as you did well in 1068 this class should be a breeze. He's always available to help and his class captures are amazing to re-watch and take thorough notes or rewind and listen over and over until you understand a concept. Labs are challenging but doable! Also, he's very friendly &amp; funny
5.0 : Professor Rosen is by far one of my favorite professor's. His lectures keep you engaged and teach you a lot. If there is any confusion over a certain subject taught in class he will usually go over it with you during the recitation period.
5.0 : Participation wasn't really mandatory, but he gave weekly quizzes just to make sure you're attending class; not graded for accuracy. He connects his laptop to the projector so that you can see what he's doing and follow along. He records his lectures, including screen and whiteboard. Very awesome professor, one of the best in the CS department!
4.0 : Overall, Rosen is a pretty good professor. His explanations are mostly solid; sometimes he glosses over a few steps, but he records his lectures so you can re-watch them until you get it. It's important to do this given the concept-heavy and stepwise nature of programming. Labs will help your understanding greatly, spend time on them! Friendly guy.
5.0 : A wonderful professor for 2168. Very clear and informative lectures; he makes material easy to understand. I agree with the other reviewer that said re-watching his class captures &amp; taking notes is extremely useful. He is passionate, caring, and funny. It is definitely doable to get a good grade; I thought this was easier than Java 1. Take him!
3.0 : I like him. He is very cool. He talks a lot, and it is a lot of reading. I like the class because you work on your papers until you have a good enough grade. He is very lax and funny.
5.0 : Interesting teacher. Super friendly! Gives great study guides that have everything you need to know for every test including the final. Some people don't like him but he's a great teacher in my book. Also gives easy extra credit!
5.0 : I took Prof Cohen for Death and Dying and I was one of the most interesting classes I've taken. He does a really good job of breaking complicated stuff down. If you do the readings and show up to class you will get an A. He also gives easy extra credit. Awesome professor, really smart
5.0 : Her class consists of practicing speaking and listening skills since it's necessary to be fluent in a tonal language. Also, get the textbook. You need it to study for the test. The test isn't that hard so long as you study and prepare for it. 5 tests, pop quiz every class. Also, please ask questions. She's willing to help.
5.0 : I love here. If I got a chance, I would certainly take her course again. Her class is my most favorite one. Although there is quiz every class, if you study and prepare for the lesson at home, it would not be hard at all.
5.0 : The class is very easy, attendance is mandatory. She tells you exactly what will be on her quizzes. The home works are easy you can find the answers. The lectures are boring but she tells you what to highlight on the slides for HW, QUIZ, project information. Overall, a easy class that you can get an A in.
5.0 : Awesome professor.  She goes above and beyond in her encouragement for you to do well.  She has a lot of knowledge, so sometimes it is hard to keep up in her lectures but it is all good.
2.0 : I took Dr. Cloutier for Nutrition and Health and the class was unbelievably boring. The class itself is really easy, she tells you exactly what is going to be on the quizzes. She always seems scattered and nervous when she talks. She bounces around in the powerpoints too which makes her point really hard to follow. Also, SO MANY EMAILS PER DAY
5.0 : Best online class I have had at Temple. Great professor.
5.0 : Soojin is incredibly kind and caring. She wants all of her students to do well. Extra credit is available if you need it. She allows you to bring a cheat sheet to the exams and lets you to revise wrong quiz answers in order to get full credit. I definitely reccomend her!
5.0 : AMAZING! By far, the BEST professor I have ever had! Follow her instructions, COME TO CLASS, Do your Homework &amp; class summaries, and you will find that this course will be much easier to handle. The course work will always be the "Course Work", but a professor can make the work easier or harder to deal with. Prof. Lee makes it EASY! Thank You! :-)
5.0 : Soojin always made the lectures easy for students to absorb, and she gave students opportunities to revise their wrong quiz answers to get a higher grade. Highly RECOMMEND her!
5.0 : Great lecture, Easy to contact, gives extra credit as many as possible. Attendance is not mandatory but worth to be there to get tips for exams.
5.0 : Amina is a wonderful acting instructor. She is attentive to each student's unique skills set and pushes them to their personal best. Take advantage of having such a great actor/teacher/person at your disposal. Put in the work and you won't have to worry about your grade.
5.0 : Amina is an awesome professor. I'm not a theater person by any means and was required to take a Race/Diversity Gen Ed so randomly chose this one. I'm so glad I did. She is very enthusiastic and gets the class involved without feeling bored or out of place.
5.0 : I have Amina for Race on the Stage, and she is the Best. This class is one that all students should take, regardless of an interest in theatre or not. She blows your mind all the time and relates to the students really well. The class is hilarious and informative, and it isn't too hard to get a good grade. You will need to read the plays assigned.
5.0 : She is an unbelievable instructor that just wants to reveal to you the weakness in the world. She strives to make class amazing everyday by entertaining us with songs, and nicknames. If you give up her class, you are missing out!
5.0 : Great class! Very laid back professor who cares about his students. Get ready to write! By the end of the semester, he had the class write about eight 3-5 page papers. No exams or quizzes! Mid-term was not given but final assignment included a 6-8 page paper. I would recommend for Mosaics I.
5.0 : Probably one of my favorite profs at Temple. Very laid back and easy going. Pop quizzes every now and then, but they were one question each and they were easy if you read and kept up. Easy paper grader, 3 page min for reflection of each book. Just wanted to hear feedback from the classes and how he taught. Very passionate about what he does.
5.0 : Great Professor. If you speak your mind you will get an A. Highly recommend him to anyone taking his classes.
5.0 : Very to the point type of professor! Most of the time, lecture takes place pretty fast and you end up ending lecture early. Expect to read all the readings assigned and to write around 5 papers (3-5 pages). It might sound like a lot, but it all evens out with his fair and easy grading. Highly recommend for Mosaics I!
5.0 : Fantastic professor, fun, likable, and intelligent. You learn a lot with him without it ever getting boring, and he does great analysis on everything. A must take for IH
5.0 : Easiest class I've ever taken. Easy grader yet random quizzes honestly are terrible even though they are 1 question. Please talk in his class or it will be awkward
3.0 : Shes a great person. Very kind and listening. But most students in my class felt she was biased. if you did not stick to her view, she would definitely give you a lower grade on drafts. 802 is a pretty straightforward class tho. 3 papers 1 reflective essay. Her class is pretty boring. Showed pointless videos. I do recommend tho. Do what she says!
5.0 : Incredibly kind, passionate, and down to earth. She loves to hear other students perspectives and is incredibly open minded. If you participate and do what is asked of you, you will do fine
5.0 : Professor Ionata is a lovely woman she's among one of the best English teachers I've ever had. She is very specific with her guidelines and is always available to her students either by email or her office hours. One fault of hers is that she is slow posting smaller assignments to BlackBoard but for the major papers, she grades quickly and thorough
5.0 : Professor Tyner is very straightforward in what he expects from you and there are no surprises. He gives hints as to what will be on the tests and you only to do 6 out of the 11 reactions to the reading assignments he gives. His lectures are rich with information and hidden gems of interesting history. Be sure to do the readings, they are great!
4.0 : I took his Modern History Class. The tests are straightforward, as long as you study, and memorize all his ID's, you should be fine. There are weekly reactions to the reading you have to do, but you only have to do 6 out of 11, so it's not that bad. He does grade them pretty strictly and gives really in-depth feedback which is helpful.
4.0 : Professor Shaheen helped me improve my writing skills so much this year.  She truly cares about her students and pushed them to become critical thinkers and better writers when it came to the subject matter.  She would call people out on the spot to see if and if they had read the materials, but she genuinely wanted her students to think and learn.
5.0 : Professor Shore was honestly a great professor. The only homework you get is readings that you discuss the next class, and even if you don't read them he helps you along and lets everyone discuss. If you actually care about the topic and like to discuss gender it is highly enjoyable. Only one minor group project and a super-easy midterm and final
4.0 : She is clear and straight forward. No need to buy any textbook or waste money on mypearson like other macro classes. 90% of the test come from homework and slides which she posts on blackboard. Overall, an easy A.
5.0 : A nice and beautiful professor. She is really welling to help students. There are 4 exams in the class, and the lowest one will be drop. If you guys are doing well on the homework or exam, she will give you reward by drop the lowest homework grade or adding points to your final grade.
4.0 : Professor Cao is a nice professor in the sense that she does drop the lowest exam and even drops the lowest homework grade if the class is doing well and gives bonus points on a bonus homework. All that being said the class is not the easiest because the subject is hard and her lectures can get very dry and boring but you can find slides on bb
5.0 : Cynthia (as she goes by) is great! I had her for Macro my first semester (Fall '16) when she was a grad student and she's still one of my best profs yet. The class is mostly lectures but she is a gifted lecturer and she answers questions extremely well. She just generally seems to put more effort into teaching her class than the average prof.
5.0 : I love Cynthia! She's an amazing professor who actually cares. I remember on the first day of class that her number one goal was to help us learn better. No matter what it is we wanted to "learn" she promised she'd help us with that. And she has done nothing but deliver. I look forward to her class every MWF. She's fantastic!
5.0 : To me this was a typical high school lecture class. He runs the powerpoint, gives you a 35 question quiz. Unclear on the final paper and that is due soon, but honestly, he's gonna be tossing around A's. Taking this as a Gen Ed and recommending it to all of my friends.   -Free Textbook. -Show up to class and go on laptop. -Receive A. -Be happy.
3.0 : great
5.0 : I honestly don't have a single complaint about this class or the professor. It was such an easy A if you pay attention and participate in class. I highly suggest doing your homework (it doesn't take long). Professor Jones explains everything really well and there are absolutely NO pop quizzes. No calculator though, but trust me you will NOT need it
5.0 : Dr. Cucchiara is a model professor. She is passionate, smart, engaging, and someone who encourages you to think and learn.
4.0 : Maia lectures on and on. Sometimes they were interesting sometimes not. There are a ton of readings and there are quizzes on them every week. A few papers and a group project that was annoying, but overall she was a good professor.
5.0 : She was great for lectures. I had Danielle Sutherland for my smaller group instructor and she was also very nice and chill. This class is actually pretty interesting and talks about a variety of topics from funding to racism to sexuality, this was a very informative class. Take her if you wanna learn, there are few big assignments but so worth it.
5.0 : Her lectures are very interesting and very engaging. There is a good amount of reading and a few pop quizzes, and a couple papers scattered throughout the semester. Its really easy to get an A and is probably my favorite class. Absolutely love Maia, she's so personable.
4.0 : Prof Cucchiara is very kind and willing to work with you. She assigns a good amount of readings and is pretty lecture-heavy, but she is passionate about education, and she cares about her students. I would take her again
5.0 : She really knows what she's talking about. Great at lecturing. Values students' feedback and is always open to suggestions and questions of any kind. Really cares about students and wants to help. This class is all about the realities of teaching in our school system and I understand why it's mandatory for all ed students. Take her if you can!!
5.0 : I enjoyed Professor Fosner's course. Most of the class is based on discussion boards, and there is a mid-term and final paper. Professor Fosner also will proof-read your paper if you submit it to her early. Overall, it was very doable and informative!
4.0 : Prof Fosner is an awesome professor. She is very clear on feedback and will respond to any questions very quickly. She made a gen ed not be terrible and thats quite a feat. The only thing that was frustrating to me is she never had any rubrics for papers or our project. Neither is hard but it would be nice to see exactly what she wanted.
5.0 : Professor Fosner is a really sweet professor. She knows a lot about what she teaches and makes sure to thoroughly answer any questions you might have. I would definitely take a class with her again
5.0 : Professor Fosner is really a great instructor. I took one of her Landscape of American Thought online courses and it was super easy, Some reading every week but nothing major. She is fair and she grade her assignments pretty quick. Shs not a tough grader and will work with you if you need the help. I would take another class with her.
4.0 : No tests in this class because it is discussion based. Participation matters more than anything so if you arent comfortable saying your opinion and talking everyday look somewhere else. Journals are basically the only assignment which can be lengthy but she doesnt grade based on grammar since they are free writing. Extremely easy to pass
5.0 : She is a fairly tough grader who doesn't take into account dialects when grading. That's the only negative thing I can say. She is fun in class and offers tons of chances to use the language, and smiles upon outside study. A small quiz everyday and a page or two of homework is worth it. I would recommend to any student.
4.0 : He is a fairly new professor Tries hard to be fair
5.0 : One of the best professors in Education. He actually cares about his students and wants them to do well. Gives great real world advice and examples. The work is easy and the tests are straight forward.
4.0 : Prof Porteux is really passionate about Political Science. He is very approachable and knowledgeable. He lectures a lot but always notifies student of when tests will be and what will be on them. He does not assign homework and provides every student the opportunity to pass. He does expect a lot from his student so be sure to understand the content
4.0 : Really loves his line of study. He would give lecture slide everyday, and at the end he would give a sort of hint if there would be a quiz next class. The quizzes are tricky so read the question and answers carefully. Mid term was difficult so study for it. The final by far was the easiest thing in his class which was a 3 page essay single space.
5.0 : Ralph is a great guy! Truly cares about each of his students &amp; does everything in his power to make sure everyone passes/understands the material. His tests are not bad at all if you take notes. He tells you exactly what is going to be on them. Take him if you have the opportunity.
4.0 : ez class. yes, he lectures and thats basically it. but he gives you answers to exam questions, tests are pretty easy and theres always extra cred. on the tests. if you study you'll get an easy A. he is super nice. only thing is he doesnt answer emails, and has horrible time mngmt while going over slides before a test, he rambles too much.
5.0 : Awesome teacher that i ever had
5.0 : I love this professor! He really cares about each of his students and does whatever he can to make sure everyone does well. He is even willing to work outside of class with his students. His tests are fairly easy as long as you study your notes- he tells you exactly what is going to be on them. Would definitely take him again!!
5.0 : Professor Giraud was my favorite professor I had this year. His tests were pretty easy and straightforward, he gave hints in class what would be on the test. He gave opportunities for students to come to certain networking events and such, and he genuinely cared about each and every one of his students. Would definitely take him again!
5.0 : Dr. Seo was excellent. She really cares about her students success and well being. Her class is definitely challenging and a lot of work but she is very, very helpful if you simply ask for help. She is knowledgeable and personable. She easily gains respect from her students and is one of the best professors I have had.
5.0 : Dr. Seo was hard but definitely worth  it. Recommend taking her ethics class
4.0 : Great course easy enough.
3.0 : She is a good professor. Tries hard to have a good class discussion.
5.0 : Prof. Yang was a great choice for 802. She gives great feedback on papers and wants you to do well. Super cute and friendly. 3 papers throughout the semester and a final portfolio with revised papers. 4 skips, no final, no midterm. Lots of readings due every week but can get away with skimming them and participating in class discussion. Great class
5.0 : Professor Yang was very helpful and provided great feedback throughout the course. Her classes are heavy with class discussion and require an adequate amount of reading but the class was entertaining and rewarding.
5.0 : AWESOME teacher! Very interesting. I learned so much from Professor Buechner. Dynamic and caring. Take her class.
4.0 : If you don't like being called on in class don't take him. He'll call on you and even if you're painfully struggling or just straight up don't know the answer he'll make you figure it out while the whole class waits. Very easy grader. Test are easy if you do the work which isn't much. Funny but can also be an ass
5.0 : He'll play tough in the beginning, but he's just trying to weed out the kids who won't work hard. As others have said, he will call on you and wait for you to figure out the answer. However, it only helps you learn and he really does care about your learning. I highly recommend and I would take his class again.
4.0 : Professor Harris' class was absoltuely awesome to take. At first I thought my gened of World Affairs would be rough but this class made me want to open my horizions and really learn. Kind and intellectual professor with little homework besides reading. Essays and exams were fairly easy with time and work put in. Definitley would reccomend!
5.0 : Professor Harris is a very sweet guy. The material we learned was only somewhat interesting to me personally, but he did a great job during his lectures. The class itself couldn't be any easier. He assigns a lot of reading for discussion, but his lecture covers most of it. There are no surprises in his expectations for the class.
4.0 : A very nice guy teaching a very boring subject. His class is an easy A as long as you show up. One paper that is manageable as long as you know how to write and the exams are easy if you show up to the study session. He tries his best and that's all you need from a professor.
5.0 : A lot of reading for homework but everything is discussed the next class meeting. Definitely makes you work for it but if you do the assignments and show that you're at least trying to understand and open your mind, you'll do great. It's all about effort in this class. Offers extra credit and critiques on how to better papers before he grades them.
5.0 : He really cares about his students and only needs minimal effort to get an A in his class. He also assigns a lot of mini essays, but they're really easy to knock out. I took him for 2 classes and wish he was teaching one I could take this semester. Take him if you can!
5.0 : He makes what you need to submit for assignment incredibly understandable, as long as you can write with reasonable skill and turn it in on time you should easily pass this course.
2.0 : Expects you to read a lot but nobody does. If you don't want to participate you probably don't need to buy all of the books (just buy the masker text). Not very substantive and the same as every other poly sci lecture, boring.
5.0 : Dr. Bailey is the best IH professor I have encountered. She teaches class in a way that is engaging and extremely rewarding.
4.0 : Jennie is really cool and laid back but ENG 802 as a class just sucks. I would definitely recommend Jennie, though!
5.0 : Jennie was super personable and engaging. The material wasn't to hard, and it was relevant and easy to relate to current events. You give one presentation, write 3 papers and have lots of time for each, and hand them in at the end of the semester. She helps a lot with revision and her  attitude helps make class fun.
5.0 : We watched cat videos on the last day of the semester and gave pizza to the security guards. Also her course can get quite  saucy so if youre not comfortable with that then dont take her course.  For all intents and purposes though, she's a great teacher for english 802 and she gives some really great advice most professors wouldnt give.
5.0 : I took an American Lit class during the summer. Although it was a 3 hour class, she made it feel so short because of the variety of things we would do. From movies to group work to guest speakers, this class was a breeze. She is also a respectable and mature professor who makes you feel comfortable and appreciated.
5.0 : She is the dopest professor I've ever had. She is so laid back and openminded to your opinions. I loved her class. Sure you will read in this course, and listen to awesome music. I high key recommend Ms. Burd.
5.0 : As long as you show up to class, participate in the discussions, and hand in all of your assignments on time, you shouldn't have a problem getting an A. She's really understanding about having outside commitments if you can't make class for some reason. Class is pretty interesting and she picks a lot of movies that are entertaining to watch.
5.0 : I had him as a TA for CIS 1166 with Richard Beigel and he was a gem. Though recitations were only once a week, it was the only time I actually learned something in his class. He is really good at explaining concepts and teaching overall. Definitely take him if you get the chance!
4.0 : He was a decent teacher however I found concepts easier to understand by reading the textbook or just quickly asking a tutor out of class which usually took less than 10 minutes. Attendence is not mandatory but the midterm is taken during lecture and not recitation so be aware of when the midterm is. There is a quiz every recitation and each counts
5.0 : He was a decent professor and I liked his way of teaching. I enjoyed going to his classes.
3.0 : Super nice and chill guy.  Lectures are very long and boring, but you can tell he cares.
5.0 : He is friendly, organized, and assertive in class. He seems like he genuinely cares for the students and their performances. He explained math concepts clearly with their practical applications. He also showed a lot of knowledge and got me more motivated to learn more. I look forward to coming to his classes.
5.0 : He provides great notes and examples that are useful when doing homework. If you come to class, pay attention, and actually do the homework you will pass. He's very soft spoken, but if you pay attention to what he writes on the board you'll have no trouble following along. There is also a weekly quiz that is homework based.
5.0 : Amazing prof. I would take him again. Only things I disliked about the course was the pop quizzes and the amount of books that you have to look for to rent throughout the semester.
5.0 : Solid guy. Is passionate about the material and allows for free speech and thought during the lecture. Isn't afraid to venture into tangent and far out subjects during lecture if it's related to the material. Cares about the class and takes it seriously. Respectable, intelligent and engages in conversation. Gives good feedback on writing.
5.0 : Bottom line, I loved having him as a prof. Very open minded, loved the class discussions, easy going type of guy. But do not let the fact that the work/class is easy go over your head. You need to read the books and work for your grade his class.
4.0 : Makes you work but is very helpful with understanding the multiple texts. Cares about his students, and will even talk sports/joke with you.
4.0 : Really nice guy but kinda awkward. Knows his stuff though. HW is a breeze and counts a lot towards final grade. Posts all the lecture material on blackboard. Only a few tests but he fully prepares you for them. Quick turn around on grading and gives partial credit. No attendance taken but helps if you go to class. Show up, pay attention. Youll pass
4.0 : Recitation leader for psych 1001. Professor for actual class changes 4 times throughout the semester, the change in teaching style can be hard to keep up with. She helped make the lectures a lot more clear. Her power points were much more interesting. Has your best interest in mind and allows class to ask questions that determine what we focus on.
4.0 : Professor Bartkowski is a great professor and really seems to care about what she is teaching. The classes are discussion heavy so it goes by really quick and you can voice your opinion. My only problem is, I have to print everything because I can't use my laptop. I'm not even halfway through the semester and have used half of my printing credits.m
5.0 : She allows students to discuss any opinions that they have. Her class is mostly based on discussion and participation matters. Be sure to engage in conversation with the class because she involves weekly readings. There are NO quizzes or tests which is a good thing. Only about 4 papers to write in each term, and they are usually short papers.
5.0 : she was a great professor! class readings, good information.
5.0 : She is one of the most wonderful professors I had during my freshman year. I had her for Honors ENG 0902. She was so passionate and put so much effort into every class.  Classes are discussion based and there is a ton of work but she is so sweet, knowledgable, and a great teacher. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Lindsay is the perfect teacher. She is knowledgeable and passionate about what she teaches. Her enthusiasm is evident and contagious, and she doesn't give too much work at all. She is very considerate of her students and makes sure  every feels comfortable. You can talk to her about anything, school related or not. She is the best, take her!
5.0 : She is basically perfect. She has such a great attitude towards everything and really cares about what she's teaching. Had her for The Quest for Utopia and initially thought it would be boring, but she is just amazing. Do yourself a favor and take this class. Also, she is easily one of the hottest profs in the entire school. You're welcome.
5.0 : LOVE HER
5.0 : Lindsay's awesome! She's the perfect teacher. So sweet, smart, and dedicated. I'd take her again if I could. And again, and again, and again, and again, and again. And again. If you're reading this, we love you Lindsay! :)
5.0 : Lindsay is a phenomenal professor! Class is mostly discussion based and really open and fun. Some of the readings can be difficult but she makes sure to go over everything to help the class understand them. Lindsay gives so much feedback on writing assignments and you can tell that she really cares about her students and wants them to succeed. 3
5.0 : Lindsay is great! Aside from two papers, which are based on the readings assigned for homework, the class is mostly discussion based. She is really understanding of other conflicts (Since she is a student too). This class is a nice way to end the day!!
5.0 : She's really really pretty. Looking at her makes time go by faster so.. if for nothing else. Take her for that. She makes a two hour long class fly!
5.0 : Lindsay is not only a great teacher, but also a great person. She is always open for new ideas and encouraging of participation in discussion. She is a wonderful listener and very relatable. Although the class is by nature not the most exciting, she does her best to keep everyone thoroughly engaged. If you have to take 902, take it with her!
5.0 : She is such a nice lady. Not extremely difficult, but not easy either. The only problem is that she can go pretty slow sometimes and can be a bit boring.
3.0 : Nice lady but quite boring. Lectures can be a little everywhere and can be sometimes hard to understand. There are 4 quizzes and 2 exams, while homework is given every class.
4.0 : She's really sweet and kind, lenient when it came to handing things in on time. If you respect her, she'll respect you. The work wasn't too difficult, but definitely study before the quizzes and tests. She explains things clearly and goes at a good pace, makes sure everyone understands.
5.0 : Amazing professor she grades really fair! She's very helpful! 2 exams 3 papers and then you put those papers into a power-point and present your oral presentation. It was a great class. She's very caring and will help you with whatever you need and ask.
5.0 : solid.
5.0 : Statistics isn't my favorite but professor wooditch's examples were interesting at least. She has weekly times quizzes... They are open book /notes and she drops your lowest quiz grade so they aren't too bad. Gives extra credit assignments/questions. Would take her class again.
5.0 : Dr. Wooditch does not teach a class where you are promised an A. However, some dedication and attention will result in a good grade. She has a wealth of knowledge in the criminology area and is a pleasure to have as a professor. There is writing and tests to be completed how ever all of the information and expectations is clearly provided to you.
4.0 : Doesn't use textbook. He provides you with a power point for every chapter. His slides provide examples for you to work on. Make sure you come to every class or you will get lost. His Homework is on mystatlab. His exams are all multiple choice but involve lots of word problems. As long as you know when to use a formula, you should be fine.
5.0 : love him clear amazing
5.0 : Professor Mattioli helped me during my MAT 160 class. Hands down the best professor I never had, pops math puns like they're no one's business and likes to have fun. "You have to actually go to class." And don't try and cheat by copying work. He had some harsh words about cheating students this semester.
2.0 : Hard to follow in class, everyone is confused by the end.  Seems to have a problem paying attention to one thing at a time.  Changes due dates a lot.  Not easy to realize what he's talking about
4.0 : Professor Mattioli is the Professor you want to take if you are not a math person but have to take dumb ass business stat to graduate. He is amazing and makes the concepts super clear while providing plenty of examples, but come to class. It makes a difference. If you dont youll miss examples and get lost. He actually cares, take his course.
5.0 : Lauren is a really great professor. I took her for Digital Mapping. Her work is pretty easy, but it's still work you have to do. The only way you can fail is if you don't do any work or never show up to class. The labs are where most of the work is, while the lectures are pretty much "just show up and pass." She's definitely worth taking!
5.0 : I loved Dr. Jordan's digital mapping class. I came in expecting a boring but easy gen ed yet dr. J really makes the class interesting. The class is also very easy to get an A in, labs every week that you get an 100% on as long as you follow directions, one midterm that has lots of extra credit, and an online final.
5.0 : Digital Mapping with Professor Jordan is the easiest 4 credit class you'll ever take. As long as you show up for the labs and complete the 2 tests you'll get an A, easily. TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Had him for War And Peace in TUCC. His class is DEFINITELY worth taking! It's truly a "Show up and pass" class. Very easy A. His lectures are pretty decent and he always lets you out early. The stuff he teaches is pretty standard fare. There's really only a small paper, a midterm, and a final in the entire class. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : American State and Local Pol,Easy Course  its almost impossible to fail. The only way you can fail is not turning in the work. Super easy grader! just meet the paper requirements.  You can pick all of the topics for your papers and there is one film critic paper which you can also do on any movie. Great professor. He grades assignments super fast
5.0 : Professor Moehlmann is an amazing German professor. His class allows you to immerse yourself in the language and requires a great deal of participation (in a good way). I could not recommend him more highly.
5.0 : Omar Martinez is hands down the best professor I have ever had. He will go above and beyond for his students, and he is brilliant. You have to work hard, and actually read AND participate. The hard work is worth it- for the first time every I have wanted to learn more about the subject.
5.0 : Very fair grader, but makes you work for it. He calls on people randomly, so make sure you are prepared for the class. One of the best teachers I have taken here.
5.0 : Hatha. Melisa Clark is a certified yoga teacher and she really knows her stuff! She really expresses her knowledge and love for the art and is very easy to learn from. Attendance is mandatory, three reflection papers and an article entry. You'll learn many asanas, you'll meditate and grow more flexible and balanced. Loved her and would take again!
5.0 : Labaron is the TA for Digital Mapping and I was lucky to have taken his lab. He is very easy to get along with and he is real chill. The assignments are the same for all the TA's but he makes it so much easier! Take him!
5.0 : Probably the best TA for Digital Mapping. Very nice guy, does everything to help you get a good grade for the class. During lab gives you advice and helps you out. Quickly responds to emails. Cares about his students!
5.0 : I'm not at all interested in political science but Joel made it extremely interesting. He gives weekly quizzes but gives you the potential questions a week in advance. The readings could sometimes be long but they weren't bad. First day of class he said, "If you show up to class and do the readings you're going to get an A". So take his class.
4.0 : Solid professor. He likes to talk informally but knows what he's doing. He has a good attitude and personality. 3 academic papers to read every week, with a quiz at the end- they aren't too hard but you have to attend class to take them. Weekly group mini-projects and quizzes are worth a decent chunk of the grade. Overall a good pick.
1.0 : He really tried too hard to by funny and cool. You can tell he knows what he's talking about but if you don't see the world the way he does he can be extremely rude and sarcastic. The same applies to his quizzes - if you don't write what he wants to see you fail, and he's hard to get hold of outside of class.
5.0 : Professor Blaxland provided a really well rounded look at global conflict. I had some interest in the topic before, however Joel really made things seem very approachable, I wanted to learn more. Joel did well to address both sides of very conflicting topics. He was unbiased to the students which made class interesting and balanced.
5.0 : Professor Blaxland is a highly educated, attentive, and passionate individual. I found that his lectures made convoluted subject matter very graspable. His method of structuring the class promoted variable forms of learning and was quite different than any other class Ive taken at University. Overall, the class is great.
5.0 : Joel is a great Professor. Multiple choice midterm, final essay of 7 pages, and a group project in the middle. Quizzes each week on three academic readings he provides, worth 10 points. Those are easy A's if you answer the study guide questions he provides in the syllabus. Overall great teacher. Participation is not graded, but appreciated ;)
4.0 : Great guy. very respectable. Talks to you like a normal person, not a student. Funny. Very passionate about his job.
5.0 : I took his Politics of Identity class as a gen ed and it made me want to minor in political science. His lectures are great and there are weekly quizzes on the reading material, but he gives you the quiz questions a week before so you can study for them beforehand. Great personality great professor. Would take again.
5.0 : Joel really cares about learning and his students. He is very available outside of class with any questions but gives good lectures, which is handy with such a large amount of material. Readings are pretty average for Poli Sci. Class is weekly quizzes, 2 lit reviews, group project, midterm, and final paper. I can't emphasize how cool he is!
5.0 : She did a good job teaching the class, as long as you do the work and improve you'll get a good grade.
5.0 : Every angle of society was analyzed &amp; applied to advertising. Dr. Ball is an amazing mentor for anyone looking into advertising with a societal/health approach. Gives you her full attention w/email and office hours. This class helped me think more open-endedly and had me walk away each day feeling that I actually learned something relevant to adv!
5.0 : Adam was great! I took him for swimming for the non-swimmer and he was really good at conditioning us while making the class fun at the same time.  He definitely helped me perfect my strokes and explained better ways to learn to dive.  The only text book we needed was available online. Overall, he was awesome. I'd definitely take him again
5.0 : Adam was fantastic to learn from. He understood everyone has lives and things come up and would help you. I learned a great amount in Swimming I.
5.0 : She's the best! Actually cares about her students and wants to help them get jobs. Definitely take her
5.0 : Mr. Arnosky is one of the best Education professors at Temple. It is CRUCIAL you take his Classroom Management class. Textbook has useful info but is not necessary; if you can get it cheap get it for later reference when you teach. Lectures are interesting and the only work is 5 easy to handle projects that are spread out. Very funny and engaging.
5.0 : Dr. Miller is a professor sent from heaven. Her Intro to Inclusive Ed. class was amazing. I learned so much and she really knows her stuff. Lectures are engaging and interesting. As long as you read and do good in Spedoo (Taboo with terms from the textbook) you will be A-ok. Final project is easy. Also, most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on.
5.0 : She is a great professor who knows her stuff. She teaches inclusion by being inclusive in the class itself. She cares about her students and is open to ideas and being flexible. Assignments are easy and she allows time to work on the major project for the semester. No complaints here.
4.0 : The easiest professor I've had so far. He gave three extra points to our overall grade just for filling out a short survey. I got a 97 overall. No tests, just online quizzes and one group presentation. He assigns a lot of group related work but it's all easy and he gives you time in class to finish. As long as u meet the deadlines u r golden
5.0 : It's impossible not to get an A in this class. I got 100%. Your grade is mostly made up of group assignments, 1 group project, and online quizzes. He does pass around a sign in sheet most of the time too. Dr. Keller is very sweet and he really cares about his class.
5.0 : As a person he is adorable. As a professor he is amazing. Recommend 100%. He cares a lot about the class, which is mostly online quizzes, easy group projects, a one-page paper. No final exam. Take him you won't regret it!!!
5.0 : Dr. Keller is a soft spoken, caring professor. Show up to class, get attendance points, take his online quizzes, and you'll pass no problem. He is lenient, easy going and respectful. I would recommend him to anyone. He has reasonable grading and will work with you if you are having trouble.
5.0 : Great professor, super nice and caring, very understanding, responds to emails quickly, available during office hours, makes the subject easy, doesn't pay too much attention to what you're doing in class (i.e. texting, etc), great guy. only thing is he talks pretty quietly.
5.0 : Weekly quizzes and group projects but he gives you the class to do it. He was super nice and sweet and wished more people would participate because he tried so hard to make it interactive. His class is super easy and he gives tons of extra credit. You don't need to buy TopHat, I passed with over a 100. Super boring class but super easy.
5.0 : The sweetest professor ever. Easy class, became super close with my pod. I just love Keller and I would recommend him to anyone, especially for this course! The lectures themselves could be boring, but overall he made the topic interesting. Take him, you'll love him!!!!
5.0 : HRPR1001 is an awful class, but if you need to take it take it with Professor Keller. He grades everything very easily and really just wants everyone to care about public health. He's a chill guy who wants everyone to do well
5.0 : He was so sweet and compassionate! You could tell he really wanted everyone to succeed and he'll do whatever he can to help you out! Highly recommend!!
5.0 : Overall great professor. Group project and assignments. Exams are not difficult at all they come straight from the power point slides. He didn't require a textbook, he gives textbook readings in pdf files. Put in the effort and it's an easy A.
4.0 : He is so nice and really cares about his class doing well. His lectures are a little boring but the class is overall easy. Deff recommend!
5.0 : SO AMAZING. He's such a sweet prof, really cares about everyone doing well while also learning the material.  Did midterm evaluations so that he could fix things for our semester, not just for the next group of students (and gave us 3 %'age points for doing the evaluations). They give you the book pages photocopied, so you don't have to buy it.
5.0 : If you do not get an A- or A in this class, that's sad. Easiest A for anyone in CPH. I got a 99% in this class (A). Work in pods, easy assignments, very interesting topics. We filled out a quick midterm evaluation of him &amp; we got 3 grade % points (90 turned into a 93). He's very chill, soft spoken, and nice. Attendance is taken seriously, however.
5.0 : Best professor ever! Probably one of the smartest people I have met and sparked my interest in things I didn't even know existed and made me really step outside of my comfort zone in the best possible way.  Wish I could take her for every class!
4.0 : She's a great professor, very caring and listens to students. She acknowledges the difficulty of the course and tries her best to make sure you succeed. She doesn't always know the answer to your questions, but she's so nice. The work isn't difficult. Highly recommend taking her!
4.0 : Great Professor.
5.0 : He's definitely a refresher from all of these other CIS professors. I generally hate anything math-related but he made it tolerable and easier to understand. He teaches in a way where you'll be able to understand the concepts. Plus he always make sure he's available for everyone.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR FOR 2033! Quiz every week based on the homework and the homework would get difficult but he was helpful. the midterm was literally copy pasted from the homework and quiz questions. If he saw the class did bad on one quiz, the next quiz would be easy. He also offered lots of extra credit and curved our grades. TAKE HIM
4.0 : david is great. he's soft-spoken and a little unorganized sometimes, but overall, he cares a lot about his students and he's willing to cut them a lot of slack. he'll even push due dates back if you need him to. all you really had to do to pass was show up, copy his coding on the board, and pay attention when he went over quiz questions beforehand
5.0 : Definitely take. Easy grader, lots of assignments to boost grade. Occasional quizzes. 1 or 2 group projects. Overall easy class, would take again 10/10.
5.0 : The class was definitely hard at points, but if you read the book and do the homework (the exams are heavily homework and review based, if you master all the questions on these, you'll do well on exams) you'll do well. He dropped 2 quizzes and gave us opportunities to raise our grades. He was very willing to help us, and I really enjoyed the class.
5.0 : Pamela was a great professor. She explained things very clearly and spoke in a good mix of English and Italian. She was fairly flexible with test/composition dates and was lenient if you had to miss a class when something was due. She is a very kind and funny person and the entire classroom environment was comfortable and friendly.
5.0 : Amazing professor!! Really does everything to set you up for success.
4.0 : I had Tom for a topics course last semester that drove me CRAZY because it was so reading/writing intense.  Truth be told though, he taught me how to read Psych research journals. That's invaluable. I can't even say thank you enough for that.
4.0 : I had him for Anatomy 1223 lab. Don't expect to pass the class if you don't go or don't pay attention. He didn't grade the tests. he only gave us notes and taught us the material. He explains it very well but the only negative is he keeps you for the entire lab time even if you finish early. Very nice and definitely would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Scott was a great professor, her class was extremely easy, but it taught you so much of how to be the best college student. Course is discussion based, you only need 1 book. Exams were easy and straightforward. She was very funny, caring, and inspirational. If you are looking for an easy A or a great experience or both, take this class!
3.0 : This is such an easy gened. Focuses on one book. Participate and you will do well. Exams are straightforward and super easy. You write a paper or two but they're easy As. She understands everyone wants a good grade. Class focuses on how to be a better college student which gets boring after a while. Then it somehow shifts gears into race.
4.0 : Sharron is quite humorous. Her class is super easy and can be annoying and pointless at times, but very easy. Take her. She's always willing to help and cares about her students and is very nice. Just show up, skim the readings, and skim the material an hour before the exams, and you'll have an A. Most of the class is discussion anyway. Easy A.
5.0 : So there is quite a bit of group work involved, but they are easy projects. Your only homework is to read articles that you don't necessarily have to read to know what's going on. There's no textbook, no midterm, no final, and no actual homework. Just 2 group projects and a research paper. Not to mention, she's an amazing professor, funny and kind.
5.0 : Ms. D is my favorite professor that I have this semester. She is very knowledgable in the field of criminal justice and is great at communicating that. She is currently working on her phd so she is able to understand the struggles of a student. There are a couple papers and quizzes but no boring assignments. Overall, she is great. Take this class!!
4.0 : Prof Donohoe is a great professor in CJ. She is clearly very knowledgeable in the field and makes the class interesting. She tends to run a little bit late to class (like 5-10 mins every class), but she truly cares for her students and is always available to ask questions via email or in person. She a good one - I would take her again.
5.0 : Pop quizzes on readings but she will tell you, assignment are not that hard put in the work, exams as long as you study you will get an A! amazing professor she knows her stuff you will learn something from this class. Would take her again!
5.0 : Dr. W.  is an amazing person and teacher.  She gives meaningful feedback  and is very fair grading wise. I had her for both Prof seminar and Prog. Planning 1 and I am also signed up for her section in Prog.P. 2 . She gives great insight into not just the topic of the class but in all areas of life &amp; PH.  dont buy textbook lectures sufficed for Prog
4.0 : She isn't very sweet and is always willing to help!
5.0 : Dr. Washington is great! she is always willing to help.
5.0 : This is my second time taking Dr. Washington and I don't regret it. She makes you work for your grade but she is knowledgeable
5.0 : Always willing to help and give constructive feedback on graded assignment
5.0 : Do not be deterred by the negative comments about Dr. Washington.  She is truly a compassionate and professional professor.  Her devotion to the success of her students is inspiring.  You will pass her classes as long as you respect her wealth of knowledge and advice regarding Program Planning and Professional Seminar.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors! She knows exactly what she was talking about and was clearly very knowledgeable. She knew that the class should be an easy A so that's exactly what it was, all of her quizzes were online and she offered extra credit if for some reason you missed or failed a quiz. There's also 1 group project which is really easy
5.0 : Dr Washington is really nice and clearly cares about the subject matter and the students that she is teaching. Her class is an easy A. I enjoyed how interactive and fun she was!
1.0 : She will shove her political views down your throat constantly. All she talks about is her baby and how she feels she is oppressed by nonsense. She is new to teaching and it shows. My suggestion is if you can take a different professor.
4.0 : I love the projects part! The theory in class is abstract, but when you apply it to implement some interesting tasks, you will gain a huge sense of achievement! A little hard for Matlab beginners, but the professor always provides enough hints and feedbacks. He is patient to answer questions. One of the best young professor I have ever met!
5.0 : After passing this class I felt like I learned something. He is the very patient person. He'll work hard to make you understand your questions. He is caring. I would definitely recommend this professor.
5.0 : Great class.
5.0 : This was her first time teaching a class herself instead of just as a TA and she was such an awesome professor. I have struggled with math for as long as I can remember and she made all the statistics material really digestible and she let us use formula sheets during tests. She was really helpful, especially when we had to do our research paper.
5.0 : I believe she is a grad student. Overall a good professor, three quizzes online, a paper final, and a easy group project. Make sure you participate because that counts towards your grade.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER! Take her Represent Race class. It's very interesting and you'll actually learn a lot. All the test are online &amp; only 10 questions with extra credit. She genuinely cares about her students and always responds to emails. EASY A.
5.0 : Dr. Guadagnino was an amazing public speaking professor. He really knows how public speaking should work and gives very strong, constructive feedback on your speeches and drafts. The class could get a bit boring at times if there weren't speeches that night but it was relatively easy if you just did the work. He's a very nice man. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Prof Ainsworth is the best professor I had. She is so helpful.  Ba 2196 is not an easy course, but she scheduled everything so well.  Go to class and you will learn a lot
5.0 : BA 2196 is no walk in the park, but Judith makes it a lot less difficult of a subject by spreading the work load evenly throughout the semester. There are weekly individual and group quizzes that are pretty easy. There are also 3 major presentations, 2 of which are with a partner of your choice. Overall awesome teacher and person, 8.5/10.
5.0 : Professor Ainsworth is a cool lady with a heavy Canadian accent. There is a lot of work to do in this class but if you ever are confused you can go to her office hours and she's beyond helpful. Absolutely recommend to take her for Buiz Com
5.0 : She is a great teacher, I would love to take her again.
5.0 : Prof. Ainsworth is amazing! Biz Comm is required for all business majors and the assignments are the same no matter who you have, but I highly recommend taking it with Ainsworth. She has a bubbly, upbeat personality that makes the class enjoyable. 5 presentations in all (2 oral, 2 group, 1 individual), small writing assignments and group activities
4.0 : There was entirely too much reading for this course! Almost 100 pages a week!!! He is a very nice guy, really organized and has a slideshow every week outlining the readings. He did allow students to take up too much class time discussing their opinions. He gives notice of exams and quizzes and is a easy grader
5.0 : Professor Craig is incredible. I had just declared a minor in African American studies and his class (black folklore) was the first course I had taken for it. it was a great intro to the program. He is young, lively, and incredibly inclusive and open minded. His lectures were always fun and insightful, it was a class I looked forward to attending.
5.0 : Professor Craig is literally my favorite professor at Temple University.  He's smart, patient, funny and his classes are really fun to attend.  I had him for African/African American folklore, and although there's a reading homework every class, they're interesting and not hard to read. Just come to class, be prepared and be RESPECTFUL.
5.0 : Professor Craig is so funny. He makes the class interesting and he seems so passionate about the subject that he's teaching. He wants everyone to actually learn instead of just passing the class. Quizzes and Exams are online, most of the class are just discussions off of the readings but the topics we discuss are extremely interesting.
5.0 : Awesome guy, awesome class. The setting is very comfortable for discussion, and Professor Craig is very funny and likeable. Class is easy as long as you pay attention and skim through the readings. Seriously cares for his students and wants them all to do well. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Great guy, great class. He makes you work for your grade but the lectures are very fun and he tries to engage the class in discussions. He usually plays music when we entered the classroom and keeps the classes entertaining even though we were reading or discussing serious topics.
5.0 : Taking him now for CW Fiction and love it. He's really cool and not rude. The only time he will shut down a student is if they are about to say something potentially offensive or absurd... which will most likely happen in a writing class lol. Honestly, he's a great &amp; funny professor &amp; really challenges your writing. (he's cute too so that's a plus)
5.0 : Jake is such a sweet guy. My experience in this class has been really solid, especially for creative writing. He obviously cares about what were doing and that makes the classroom climate really great. Discussions on the pieces your peers havent written can get a little dry, but hes definitely a professor Ill be looking to have again!
5.0 : I don't understand why there are such negative reviews about this professor. I've found this class to be really helpful. Don't take creative writing if you do not plan on putting in the work to produce a quality piece of writing. This course is an elective, but it is also for people in the major/concentration so it's not going to be a cake walk.
2.0 : This man has such an anti-conservative agenda. Trying to debate him or any of the feminists/liberals in the class was frustrating because he would shut you down as soon as you began talking. Super difficult for entry-level English. Graded on 3 papers, no curve, attendance is a MUST! Would not recommend this guy, especially to conservative thinkers.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. Great and respected guy. Always there to help. Though class with lots of material but learned a lot. Makes you work for your grade but highly recommend
5.0 : Erin's really chill but is a great teacher. It can be a difficult subject but she does an awesome job helping the class learn the material with tons of examples and outside resources. Some homework sheets can be long (i.e. the one for 7th chords took forever), but they're rarely more than a page or two. Be sure to read all the directions on exams.
3.0 : Although the course description says otherwise, I would NOT recommend taking this course unless you already know how to read music. Erin is nice enough and very knowledgeable on the subject but moves through material very fast. The class was generally a lot more work than I was expecting to put in for a 2 credit elective.
5.0 : Chen is great! She may come off as a shy, but she is full of charm, understanding, and knowledgeable of global media. It's a writing-intensive course, but she paces the work so that you don't really feel the load. Plus, you get to choose the topics for which you write about. I can go on and on with positive things to say. CHEN ROCKS!
3.0 : I had her my first semester here which was also her first time teaching at Temple. She is a nice person but I don't think she is a very good teacher. It was sort of hard to understand what she wanted sometimes and she got mad when I said I didn't know what to write about graffiti for the last paper. I just wanted help brainstorming a topic.
5.0 : Marta taught me more in my first semester at Temple than any other writing course i have ever taken. She is not only an amazing teacher but also an amazing individual. she cares about her students and she made me feel as though i could go to her about anything at all. All around an amazing professor and deserves to be full time not just an adjunct
5.0 : Gary is such a cool professor. He's from England which makes it even better, I mean it's a class on soccer, it's understandable! It gets kind of boring because it's going to the beginning of how soccer was created, which again makes sense, it just gets dry at times. Blog posts, 1 podcast, and a group wiki, that's it! It's a good class to get an A.
5.0 : Honestly the best history teacher ever, he's so funny and engaging. He really cares about what he's teaching, and wants to hear your opinion! Super encouraging, very organized.
4.0 : Very caring and kind hearted. very much accessible outside classroom and eager to help if needed. Just remember not an easy A must work hard for the grade.
5.0 : He is amazing and he explains a very difficult topic in a fairly simple way.
5.0 : Good professor with immense knowledge in his field.
4.0 : Cindy means well! Sometime's she's a bit overbearing, but she just wants the best product and for it to be done within the proper timeframe. She stays in the studio during our 2 in-studio projects and she micro-manages which can be SUPER annoying, but she's just trying to help. Other than that she's nice and is a lot like Phoebe from "Friends."
5.0 : I had him for a gen ed called why care about college? He was put in the course half way of the semester. He made me enjoy the subject more and taight us many things during the class about various issues including drinking, colleges and college life. I enjoyed being in the class with hom because he loves teaching.
5.0 : Most down to earth prof i've ever met. He understands what college is like hence the reason why he teaches why care about college. If it was possible to have him for all of my classes here I would do it in a heart beat. Take him, you won't regret it!
5.0 : Sam was one hundred percent my favorite professor. He lectures a lot, but he knows what he is talking about and makes you want to care about what he does. He understands the college struggle and is very willing to work with you. Would have him teach all of my classes if I could.
5.0 : Great professor! Best class I've ever taken... and he was super passionate about the material. Very down-to-earth,  genuinely nice guy. Class is half discussion, half lecture. Make sure you read... there are 2 pop quizzes.
5.0 : Definitely one of my favorite professors. Very educated about the material and very passionate about it. A fair grader and is easy to talk to! 100% would recommend!
5.0 : Prof Conver is one of my favorite professors. He is a funny guy and is very easy to talk to. He is knowledgeable and passionate about education and will talk to you about it at length, if you want. Very reading-heavy and there are more than a few essays, but he goes over the readings and provides clear guidelines for the papers. Would take again
5.0 : He was my "discussion leader" for Socio-Cultural Foundations of Education (educ 2103). He's a cool guy and super honest. Take him you won't regret it, if you can I'm not sure if you can choose discussion leaders. Had him with prof Cucchiara, both were great!
4.0 : He explains the lab very thoroughly before doing the experiment. He sometimes takes a bit longer to explain things, but the information is very useful while performing the lab. He cares about his students and is a very easy grader (sometimes if you ask he'll let you hand in the lab late without points off).  Attendance is obviously mandatory.
5.0 : Very helpful during our online classes and our residency weekend. She is accessible outside class and gives you help to improve your grade. All in all, even though the class was very stressful because of the way the EMBA is structured, if you listen to Amir and Vicky you will get a very good grade and gain a lot of knowledge.
5.0 : Difficult class but you learn a lot and you will get a good grade if you follow the guidelines. Ask for help if you need it!
4.0 : We only did a few low-key reflection papers and group projects. Pretty sure almost everyone got an automatic A. She's a genuinely caring person. She definitely will show you some neat documentaries and do class activities that really make you think about race. Some politics crept into the class which bothered me, but not too heavily.
5.0 : Professor Allbritton is so amazing. Not only was the content itself of this class very interesting, but she made me want to listen and come to every class. She is so sweet and inspiring, I highly recommend her. Barely any work, a very easy A. You'll leave this class with a new perspective and feel inspired to make a change.
4.0 : There are in-class assignments that go towards your grade so attendance is recommended. I had a Stats background prior to this class so I might've found it easier than most. Prof Lenz is super nice and willing to answer lots of questions. The lectures get long if you take this in the evening but the in-class assignments help to shift focus.
4.0 : Creative Acts is a very easy gen ed. Writing assignments are short, mostly fiction, plus one longer piece. Readings also relatively short. Discussion-based class. Overall you learn a lot about how to be a good writer and it's very enjoyable to be creative. No tests, just a final portfolio of revised previous assignments. Very nice professor.
5.0 : Mike is new to TUJ and has a wealth of experience from his past real world career as a news anchor at NHK, and magazine editor.  Intro to magazines class was very interesting and if you put forth an honest effort you can learn valuable skills of creative magazine writing techniques. I highly recommend taking Mike's class!
3.0 : Ron is the head of the Communications department at TUJ and has a wealth of knowledge as a seasoned professor.  His lectures are insightful and he considers opinions that oppose his own which is refreshing.  Some of his tests are a little confusing and I think his class would be the best if he were more organized.
5.0 : He's a cool dude that is awesome to have a class with. He knows not everyone is going to attend everyday and just expects you to show up on the Quiz and final days.
5.0 : One of the most entertaining and informative classes I've ever taken. He is very knowledgeable in film and the industry. He is very easy to talk to and loves to joke around. The final is difficult as it's very terminology heavy. Study up and you'll be fine! Absolutely take him if you have the chance.
5.0 : Show that you have an interest in the class, finish the work, and go the extra mile and Neubert will give you that A.
5.0 : Karl's personable and helps his students find their creative flow.  During film festival season he was extremely helpful with multiple projects and made sure the best work was put out.  An amazing professor that really made my time at TUJ memorable.   You can tell this guy is passionate in film and media.  A stand up guy.
5.0 : Three projects in a group within a limited time. Welcome to your Bootcamp, you will need it if you want to study with Maestro Karl in Videography!
5.0 : Karl is an amazing teacher who really gets into your projects. You will need to work hard to earn it, but you won't be disappointed with the results!
5.0 : Karl Neubert is by far the most memorable teacher I had at TUJ. Karl has the knowledge and the experience of filmmaking especially in Japan as a foreigner and for someone like myself who has gone on to work in Japan in video production his insight was invaluable. Always interesting lectures too. Love his zany style!
5.0 : She is a super nice teacher, she is understanding and truly wants her students to do well. We met weekly and worked in groups most weeks during class on assignments. We had tests, quizzes, and assignments. You can use your notes for tests and quizzes.  Tests are taken on blackboard.
5.0 : Super sweet lady, doesnt make you feel bad for saying a wrong answer when asked unless its been a whole semester and you cant pronounce "und" right.  Homework and tests are online with the textbook, gives a get out of jail free card for lateness on it.  Occasionally gives worksheets and vocab/verb quizzes, but nothing ever out of the blue.
5.0 : Doctor Raine is a great German teacher. She encourages people to ask questions and loves when people make mistakes. I definitely recommend taking her.
5.0 : I love Doktor Raine! She is amazing as a teacher and extremely knowledgeable. She knows what she's talking about and makes the classroom a very comfortable environment to be and I really appreciated that. Make sure to complete all homework and assignments for class, and try your best!
5.0 : Prof Shi (Tim) is an amazing teacher! His lecture slides are very detailed and his class structure goes hand in hand with the outline on the SOA website. He understands everything inside and out and always does a great job of explaining things when asked for clarification. Although the exams are hard, he curves accordingly. He is fair and caring.
5.0 : Professor Shi is the best. Content is sometimes challenging, but his lecture slides are good and have an abundance of problem solving tips &amp; tricks. Homeworks and tests are sometimes a pain but he curves generously and grades fairly. Would give him higher than a 5/5 if I could
5.0 : He is so great and clear. Will be taking him again. The class material will be slightly harder from other professors' but ALMOST exactly like SOA papers, and I think that is more important for SOA prep. He is one of the guys who creates or marks SOA exams (not sure, but I heard), so he always gives out tips to do well in SOA exams
5.0 : Professor Willets is the best Chemistry teacher I have ever had! Her lecture is fun and she makes sure you understand the materials deeply. Her tests are hard but if you study well her lecture notes, you'll do fine. If you want to truly learn chemistry, take her. If you want easy A, then don't. She doesn't do curves and gives no extra credits.
5.0 : Dr. Willets is really good. Like, one of the best lecturers you will have in your life. With that being said, her tests are extremely difficult. Do not take her if you are not very familiar with chemistry. She will help you as much as she can, but be prepared to get some poor grades if you don't understand everything and more from the lectures.
2.0 : I would stay away from her and take the regular gen chem class for the grade. She grades way too harsh and her test are way too hard. She is a pretty good teacher, but I regret taking her because of the way she made her tests. There was also no opportunity for extra credit or any grades besides quizzes, tests, and homework.
5.0 : I really wish I can take Dr. Willets for my upper classes. She's my muse to chemistry, which means she's an extremely good lecturer and a great, caring teacher. That being said,  I admit she's quite a tough grader and her materials may seem overwhelming for those not Chem major. Otherwise if you love Chem, please please do take her.
4.0 : Explains material so that you get it and enjoy it. She is frequently available for questions after class or during office hours. Her tests are not that bad if you study your stuff and READ the TEXTBOOK- she even outlines all the topics that might be on the test. No extra credit or curves. She does easy clicker quizzes every day, so go to class.
5.0 : I had taken AP Chemistry, so the class wasn't too difficult. Dr. Willets is a professor that really cares about her students' success and learning, but that does not mean she will give you a free grade. Read the ppts and you will be good for the tests. Her tests are straightforward and not hard, but easy to lose points due to mistakes. Take her!
5.0 : I took AP Chemistry before so the class was not too difficult, but Honors Gen Chemistry is tough... very tough. Professor Willets knows that this class is mostly new Freshmen so she's very kind in that regard. Graded by 25 out of 30 easy clicker quizzes in class, recitation quizzes, homework, 3 midterms, and a final. Great teacher!
4.0 : Power point heavy, but posts them online if you miss something. Quirky and funny. Posts helpful review and practice tests before the midterms. Clicker quizzes every day so show up to class. Readings and homework are not mandatory, but definitely do them before the tests. She travels a lot, so you may get Dr. Zdilla a few classes.
4.0 : Great prof! He goes a little fast, but he is always willing to answer questions and help you out.
5.0 : Professor Jarrell  is AMAZING. She is full of personality and life and she is just such a joy to be around. Her positive attitude and sense of humor makes the capstone more enjoyable. She explains the material better than any professor I have ever had! She makes financial concepts seem so easy. Do not hesitate to take her, she is one of the best!
5.0 : The capstone is a lot of work. Many group projects/case studies, 2 presentations, certification exam, etc. There's no getting around the workload as every section is the same. Dr. Jarrell is one of the most supportive professors I have ever had. She truly wants her students to do well in her course and in life. I highly suggest taking her.
2.0 : Very dull. He seems like a very nice person but not a good teacher. Assigned papers and gave feedback but it wasn't very helpful. Very biased and disapproves of anything not congruent to his own views. Didn't give any grades until the final portfolio so you don't really know where you stand. Had to fight for my grade b/c he originally gave me a C.
5.0 : One of the best professors that I've had with my time so far on Temples Campus. He's very understanding, kindhearted and caring. Honestly, take him! you won't regret it.
5.0 : Amazing Professor! Very genuine and kind hearted. On top of that he knows he stuff and is ready and willing to help whenever you need it. Lovely person, sad to not have him for longer.
5.0 : The best gened professor Ive had, honestly caring, really really great feedback and very intelligent. Hes understanding of the hectic nature of student life and wont crucify you like some professors will. Please take him if you can hes the only thing that made this class worthwhile.
5.0 : Very caring and kind hearted. He gives great feedback on papers, he puts a lot of time and effort into helping students. Definitely recommend taking his class and he gives clear advice on how to improve papers and is also flexible with office hours.
4.0 : Took this in evening .Lectures and guest speakers were interesting
4.0 : Chew really cares about his students and wants them to succeed. He was always easy to contact if you had questions. He was clear about needed to be done in order to pass. He uses his experience to lecture. Organized Crime was interesting with him as a professor.
5.0 : I would recommend here for Intro to PH. Like any other professor you would take for this class, you will be set up in groups and much of your assignments will be graded on the whole group. Numerous individual quizzes as well but they are all online! Pay attention in class, engage when you can and you should have no problem getting an A.
5.0 : For nutrition, I thought she was a good professor. Lectures include many powerpoints and references to textbook readings. All exams are online! They are tricky so do what you can to prepare at least a little prior to taking them. Attendance does count so show up. Very informative and laid back class!
5.0 : Dr Dingman is a peppy, experienced-based professor who really cares. She gives you timely feedback, fair grading and lively lectures. She really loves what she does and it shows. I would recommend her for any class, any time. She's one of a kind.
5.0 : Took her for SGM3501. She's an kind, understanding, and upbeat.
5.0 : Awesome professor, a must take class!! She's so nice, and easy A
4.0 : Definitely a solid teacher. As you'd expect, Elementary Classical Physics is difficult but he was usually willing to go over material and provide office hours. If you request, he can provide extra practice.
5.0 : Professor Vieyra is an extremely knowledgeable and sweet professor. Her lectures are engaging and of decent length. She leaves time at the end of each class for a pair of students to lead a 30 minute class discussion. Lots of field trips and lots of (interesting) readings. Short analysis papers, a final paper, and a final exam. Would take again.
4.0 : Professor Singer is warmhearted and easily accessible via email outside of class. He cares about what he is teaching, which makes lectures interesting. Gives detailed study guides for quizzes and tests, and posts powerpoints to blackboard. Many short readings for each class and a few interesting field trips.
5.0 : She's awesome! Makes Developmental Psychology as understandable as possible and engages the entire lecture room in discussion! Exams aren't too bad, just show up pay attention and study. Really outgoing and down-to-earth! She's speaks refreshingly realistic on things but is mindful of others in the class. I'd definitely take her again!
5.0 : take higher ed in american life if you can!!! more than normal amount of work for a gen ed, but well worth it. she makes her lectures super interesting and relevant to everyday life. STUDY FOR THE TESTS but she is an easy grader for papers. great and knowledgable and wants you to learn. makes you a better student and critical thinker.
4.0 : It was more work than a Gen Ed should have been but it still wasn't that bad. It was an evening class (and will probably continue to be as Musu is an Honors advisor) which made the lectures really hard to sit through. The course wasn't nearly as fun as I thought it would be. It ended up a very dense look at higher ed. But Musu herself is wonderful!
5.0 : Great teachers, and even better person. Mosaics isn't the best but he makes it fun. Definitely take him.
5.0 : This guy is GREAT! Definitely the best Mosaic's teacher at Temple. Class discussions are the best, and he cares about every student. This is my first class of the day and I actually WANT to get up every morning and go. Recommend him 100%
5.0 : One of the nicest teachers i've had. The class discussions are exciting and interesting. He doesn't call on you if you don't want to be called on. There are not a lot of assignments besides weekly journal entries, monthly discussion boards, and easy reading assignments. I just had him for mosaics 1, and i'm taking him next semester. 10/10!
5.0 : Class has a lot of reading that could be cause I took a summer course tho. Other then that he was very easy grader you just have to basically do the work and is very easy to get in contact with bout any problems about grades or work. Pretty much easy class just have to keep up with the reading but in class is very hands-on
4.0 : Jurlando is honestly a great professor. His syllabus can seem a bit overwhelming and scary but this class is easy if you follow along. There are a decent amount of readings like any IH class, but he integrates them well and doesnt test or require lengthy papers. He never calls anyone out and wont force you to answer questions if you dont want to.
4.0 : Creates a very comfortable environment for discussions
5.0 : Eric is a super cool guy. He's newer to teaching, but you can tell he's enthusiastic about what he's talking about. Downside, he does not use PowerPoint. It's all lecture and notes. He's not a boring speaker and gives study guides for exams which are short and to the point. He does a sign-in sheet for attendance. Oh, and he's a cutie/history nerd.
5.0 : Blasi is hilarious and he makes class fun. He goes off on tangents and gets really passionate about random things, but it's a blast.
4.0 : I've taken Qi Xia for both STAT1001 (B-) and STAT1102 (TBD) and I thought she was a solid choice. She doesn't really throw you any curveballs, and if the class is struggling, she shows care by adding an extra/easier multiple choice test or quiz, etc. The material is not easy by any means, but Xia's class isn't one you'll absolutely dread going too.
5.0 : James is an amazing teacher, he spends time making sure you understand. He is a great person overall. TAKE HIS CLASS!
5.0 : James is Fantastic. The curriculum is clear, it's easy to follow. He's super caring and fun, sort of geek-dad-esque. He encourages discussion and debate among disagreeing parties, and moderates. Doesn't share personal politics, but def. more social justice oriented. LOTS of videos and powerpoints to follow!
5.0 : he is  a great professor, I learn a lot from him. Although we often hace quizs, it is easy.
5.0 : Awesome
5.0 : If you are bad at math like I am take Zeda! He is so understandable and wants everyone to pass. However, to get the perks of extra credit and HW extension you must use your voice! Attend his office hours and actually make an effort and there is no way you can fail. Best Stats teacher ever
5.0 : He may not be the most impressive professor that awes you, but he's humble, cares about his students and would always make the class less challenging. Take him if your Maths is not your strength because I can see he understands many of us are not, and will help you with the course. Take him.
5.0 : Great professor. Took the same class in high school and failed, retook it with Zeda and passed with an A+. He goes over things until you understand, and it is easy to catch up if you fall behind because he is so accessible to his students.
5.0 : Good lecture! Helpful Professor
5.0 : He is the best stat teacher ever!
4.0 : The easiest A, show up and pass. She's super caring about her students, and she tells good stories. We didn't really cover that much material, just had discussions. There's like 3 easy assignments. She'll give her class a treat every once in awhile with 100% for everyone on an assignment, or she'll be nice and cancel class here and there. Easy A
5.0 : Ms Griffin is by far my favorite professor ever!!! She is hilarious and respected by everyone. She tells the most outrageous stories and never fails to make the class laugh. I never wanted to skip class because I loved to hear her lectures. Applied race to current day situations so that was interesting. TAKE HER CLASS!!!! Easy A.
5.0 : Ruth is quirky but very sweet. She isn't always clear about what she expects during class, but there are rubrics online. The discussions she leads are interesting and I always felt comfortable speaking in her class. She expects well-written essays but in the long run will help you to become a better writer.
5.0 : I genuinely enjoyed and learned a lot through our interesting class discussions and readings. (I enjoyed the readings so much that I have reread a few since the class ended!) Dr. Anolik was very helpful and encouraging, and she clearly outlined what she expected for our presentation and both of our papers. I highly recommend Dr. Anolik!
4.0 : Good guy with a lot of knowledge about current world affairs and world history. Take his world affairs class and you'll spend around 10-15 minutes almost every class discussing recent news events. Lectures are informative, and, although you can still get an A w/o doing the readings, they're pertinent and increase your general knowledge.
5.0 : Pretty good Professor!
5.0 : He is an excellent instructor, his lectures were engaging and well planned out.  Tests were difficult, you definitely need to go to class and pay attention.  As long as you take good notes and participate you can get an A.
5.0 : Awesome guy who has a real passion for what he does. He's an extremely fair grader and gives people the chance to vouch for themselves to get a better grade. Starts class off with int'l news to have everyone updated. Really funny man. Has a plethora of knowledge and shows his students great respect so there is no reason to piss him off.
4.0 : Great professor! The class is kind of boring but he makes it fun! The debates are great and you are allowed to speak your mind!
5.0 : I had him for a online course, we had a decent amount weekly reading but didn't have any required textbooks so that was a plus. He was a cool professor who tries to make a boring subject fun so you gotta give him credit for trying. Weekly discussion boards and 2 papers throughout the class which is manageable.
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've had at Temple. The classes are engaging, the final project is a great opportunity to learn a lot about something you care about, and the readings are fascinating. He's also incredibly helpful if you ever have any questions. He often challenges people's opinions (respectfully) and it will open your mind.
5.0 : Kim saves lives. Took him for Structural Analysis and he made it not as bad as everyone said it was. Focuses on teaching concepts more than just solving millions of problems. Gives lots of quizzes but they don't matter too much. Really great guy overall, and if you need to take structural highly recommend taking it with him.
3.0 : I felt the class was a repeat of information from other advertising classes I have taken at Temple. Ali is bright and has a lot going for her, but her personality clashed with me. She is very limited with time to meet outside of class because of her job at Seer. Class is only offered once a week, lectures got repetitive after a while.
5.0 : Ali taught SEO with a practical approach and got us to use REAL tools, which is how it should be. Her lectures are never boring and she values participation and feedback. The final presentation is a culmination of several assignments throughout the semester.  If you fail her class, it's 100% your fault.  Highly recommend to anyone interested in SEO
3.0 : Prof. O'Shea only has 5 assignments for the course, and they're all worth 20%. She doesn't grade very harshly, but the content and the class can be really boring. Text is super dense and hard to read. She's super nice, the class is just a bore and a bit hard. Also the fact that it's a night class doesn't help.
5.0 : Definitely go to class and keep up on the readings. I have enjoyed learning more about research and have realized after being in this class for a few months, that research is everywhere and it is important to know where your research is coming from/if it's valid. Dr. O'Shea is very approachable so definitely reach out to her if you're struggling!
5.0 : Dr. Baym is an amazing professor. He was able to break down incredibly complicated concepts into interesting, easily digestible and funny lectures. All the assignments in class perfectly aligned with class goals, and were incredibly useful for our own research, engaging with class material and developing research skills and knowledge of the field.
4.0 : Professor S is a pretty cool guy in class. Attendance and textbook are not required. For every two recommend there is a quiz after based off of the homework questions. Although attendance is not required I home works going just to grasp the information better.
4.0 : if you took AP Stat in highschool, this class will be an easy A for you, or if you know how to use a calculator and its functions.
5.0 : Prof. Kris is truly a wonderful teacher. She is up front about what she expects, and is understanding about people learning in different ways. She gives many assignments, but the up side is no exams except for a take home final (that you can test out of with an A!). She expects you to show for class, but she is nice and knowledgeabl about her field
5.0 : Kris is a great professor. She is super friendly and smart (2 masters degrees). She gives you many opportunities to do well. It's a lot of reading and weekly pop quizzes but keep up and you may be able to opt out of the final :-) the information is interesting and she shows LOTS of videos. Plus she loves the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
5.0 : Unlike a lot of PhD student adjuncts, Kris is up front about being a student. She does require you to come to class, but compared to a lot of classes, you'll find you typically want to show up! She tries to teach through different mediumsy, so quizzes, lectures and videos come up often. But if you're diligent you can get out of a midterm and final!
5.0 : An AMAZING professor. She is a grad student so she doesn't give a heavy workload bc she understands. I would def take again. She is so sweet, helpful and is there for you! You can opt out of the final if you get a 95 or higher average. She gives movie quizzes &amp; open note quizzes, easy A. Always brings in food for us &amp; she really cares about you.
5.0 : Professor Turco is great. Really understanding, nice and very funny. He makes class enjoyable. There's a decent amount of homework but it's all either from the book or online and the book homework is based on completion so its easy points. Exams are really really easy if you pay attention.
5.0 : Prof. Turco is amazing. He really cares about his students and is engaging. Very relaxed and funny, which makes the class enjoyable . There's homework every week, but it's easy and most of it is graded on completion. Do the homework and participate in class and you will do fine on the exams. Wish i could take him for spanish 2
5.0 : Turco is very kind and sweet. He cares about his students passing and willing to go above and beyond. There is a lot of online homework but it helps keep your mind refreshed and prepare you for exams. He is not a hard grader and there is other points that helps boost your grade if your not a good test taker. Take him you won't regret it hes amazing
5.0 : REALLY! TAKE HIM!!! He is the best Marketing professor I met, online quiz ever week, 4 assignments, no midterm, 1 group project, take-home final exam. No attendance, Easy A!  He is really nice and very patient! The most important thing is that he replies emails very fast! I asked many questions about homework, he answered every one for me.
5.0 : You have to do a research project but it is not difficult. Very nice, and gives out good grades as long as you do the work.
5.0 : I love Professor Braddock!! He was an incredible professor and I would definitely take him again. His lectures were so funny and he made the information very easy to understand. He let us out of class early almost every week, and we did activities to apply what we learned to real life situations. Very easy homework and quizzes due every week.
5.0 : This was his first semester at Temple and I really hope he stays. I will be doing everything in my power to take as many classes as this guy teaches. He is funny, keeps topics current, and is knowledgable. weekly HW assignment with a few quizzes and in class projects. Workload was not bad at all and he's a great dude. 100% recommend
5.0 : The only professor I had that made this semester bearable. Kurt was funny, insightful, and definitely put effort into his lectures. It was his first time teaching at TU, so he tried different tactics like Tuesday lectures/Thursday activity, and we'd actually go out and apply what we learned during lecture. I definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Honestly one of the most fun and insightful professors I have ever had! If you get the opportunity to take his class you absolutely should!
5.0 : Professor Zifla is a great teacher.  She really connects with class and makes the material easy to grasp. She is Super smart. Data Science can be tough for people without much MIS prior but Ermira will show you the important things in Data, Excel and Tableau. Study what she says for test. Definitely recommend her over any other teacher. Cute too!
4.0 : The class consists of discussing the articles read for  the weekly online reading quizzes, discussing the weekly question (which is answered by a couple sentences), and doing in-class exercises about excel or tableau. There's 4 assignments (3 solo and one group project) The solo assignments are all step by step so you just have to follow directions
5.0 : Brians lectures are clear and easy to understand. He made me even more interested in a topic that I was already interested in (Economics of Sports). He also has a ton of relevant career and life experience for anyone looking to go into the sports media or apparel industries. Tells you exactly what you need to do to get a good grade.
5.0 : Kun is such a sweet and funny dude. Our Mobile Media class met once a week for 2 and a half hours at the Center City campus, but Kun's class made the journey worth it. Class was mostly discussion based with real word examples, and the assignments were easy if you showed up to class and knew what you were doing. He's also really approachable
5.0 : Such a sweet dude! Always mentions that health &amp; family should come before school, so I would assume he'd be flexible if you were going through some stuff. Just had him for Mobile Media this past semester and the class is an easy A if you come to class and do all the assignments, but not so easy that it feels like a waste of tuition,Would recommend
5.0 : Good dude. Wants to pass you but you gotta put in the work. Easy to talk to, will help you as much as you need.
5.0 : Janice is an old woman but she's very sweet. She's super helpful and knows her stuff. However, she takes FOREVER to get her point across which can be tedious bc we could finish the class an hour early every week if she sped things up a bit. But overall, it was a chill class, and it was extremely easy. Definitely take her for an easy A.
5.0 : First of all, her name is Janine. Second of all, she is in the College of Education. But she is always willing to help. The midterm and final are open ended, where she gives you a question and you have to answer it using vocabulary you have learned. The lectures are so simple, and if you pay attention you will do perfectly on each assignment.
5.0 : I love her! She's so funny and nice. She really tries to bring everyone together and it's amazing and she's a great professor. I'm taking her again for Spanish 1003! Had the best experience with her
5.0 : Professors like her are why I have really enjoyed my foreign language classes at Temple. She was very kind and always provided interesting anecdotes. She is great with students and flexible in the direction of the course. It's just necessary to participate often and put effort into the material.
5.0 : This Professor is one in a million. I had trouble with Spanish 1001 and feared taking 1002 just because I thought all professors were the same. She made Spanish fun to learn, but she made you earn it. My class consisted of students with all different levels, but she structured the class to meet all of our needs. One of the best professors at TU!
4.0 : Laura was a great Spanish teacher, learning another language is never easy and she  is  very understanding  and does her best to make the class as easy as possible. Would recommend !
5.0 : Laura is the best Spanish educator I've ever had. She is so caring and understanding and does a great job making everyone feel comfortable. As long as you keep up with your homework and participate you'll be fine. She is so funny too and even though this was my earliest class, she made it my favorite. Take her class you won't regret it!
5.0 : She is honestly the best. Always tries to help you and will let you know what you'll need to know for the tests. Make sure you attend class and do the homework. Easy grader.
5.0 : Laura is the best professor I've had so far at Temple. She has truly inspired me to further my Spanish education. I had her for Spanish 1,2,and 3 and she really cares about her students. Grading is pretty lenient, as she is more focused on you understanding the material. Invest in the Textbook, you will need it! Overall a very inspiring professor.
5.0 : Laura is a great instructor! She is so nice and very understanding. You can tell she really wants to see all of her students succeed. She makes it very clear what you need to know for exams and assignments so I always felt very prepared. You do need a textbook since that is where all the homework assignments are, but you can save $ with an ebook.
5.0 : He gives you good notes on everything that is going to be on his tests. Offers you extra credit opportunities on the midterm and final. Fair grader and understands if there's reasonable outside situations in your life that you might need some slack with.
5.0 : Mark made my first MIS course experience great! His teaching was very straight forward and so effortless that you don't even realize how much you learn by the end of the course. His lectures were easy to grasp and he always tries his best to help his students whenever he can. One of the nicest profs ever! Make your life easy, take his class!
3.0 : The class is boring, but he is really nice when it comes to assignments. If no one answers questions about the assigned readings he'll give a pop quiz. Not many assignments for the class and not good at posting grades on Canvas.
3.0 : He seemed like an okay professor in the beginning. Like Idc about philosophy and I felt like he cared a lil too much. It's just a gened. Like I hated that he had all the papers due at the end of the semester and that just added so much pressure. Also he just added my final grade at the end of the semester. We never got our papers to look at.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at Temple so far! His lectures are great and his ideas are clear and concise. The texts he goes over are thought provoking and he relates the topics to current events and issues. Definitely recommend. Just do your best! Professor is really caring and easy to approach.
4.0 : The man thinks he's the philosophers himself, but he is definitely knowledgeable about what he is teaching. The in-class presentations might be the worse part of the class, but everything else is pretty easy, as long as you take active notes and go to his class. I took this as an 8 am and it wasn't terrible. I'd advise anyone to take this class.
2.0 : This is an art gened but there is no teaching about art whatsoever. He only lectures about philosophy and then you are expected to relate it to art yourself in response papers. He gives little to no guidance about work, and there are only 7 graded assignments. 2 weeks away from the final paper, and there are no grades posted on Blackboard.
5.0 : The class is GenEd art, but he is a philosopher, so no he isn't going to rant to you about art. You want an art class take it in Tyler. The class is really easy, as long as you know how to take active notes and write papers and follow his criteria. Everything is straightforward and what it seems. Material is a little hard but he explains well.
4.0 : Took Paul for my archaeology capstone and had a great time. He assigns a good bit of reading and the lectures can drag on a little, but he's full of good information and genuinely wants to help his students produce quality material. If you show up and put some heart into your work, there's no reason you won't get an A in this course.
4.0 : Prof D really is great for a class like accounting.  she reviews concepts multiple times and continually asks if everyone understands. she tries to know everyones names and really knows what she is doing with in class examples.  i really recommend her for this class, i would take her again!
5.0 : Very good professor if you take the time to talk to her you will also see how nice and genuine she is.
5.0 : Ayana was a great instructor. Gave great info and good feedback on everything. Easy to talk to. Easy class but important. She knows everything there is about presenting  and doing good interview. Definitely recommend
4.0 : Anaya is a great professor. The class is kind of a joke, and essentially for the students who are too lazy to get involved with CSPD. I put close to zero effort in, and would've ended up with an A if I hadn't skipped one of the classes. All assignments are things that can be done the night before. Not difficult. More of a nuisance.
5.0 : Ayana is an amazing professor!! She makes lectures pretty laid back and easy to understand. She also provides a lot of personal experience which is nice because sometimes it's hard to relate what you learn in class to real life. She is also actually interested in what her students are doing, not just doing boring lecture stuff.
5.0 : Ayana Pilgrim-Brown is amazing! She teaches this class well and with such great experience. The assignments are all easy, but you need to go to each of the 7ish classes to get the Easy A. This class is minor in the big picture, but she makes it memorable. Take her!
4.0 : Great teacher for intro design, super helpful and gives great feedback for your projects. I fell pretty behind on assignments and she was super understanding and I still got an A in the class. You do have to work on projects outside of class but its design, its all fun stuff.
5.0 : Outstanding professor. Made a 3 hour long summer stats course bearable.
5.0 : Courtney is a great teacher who is young and easy to relate to. She works in the industry so she has lots of real life examples for the material and even uses current TV shows or movies to bring the material to life.  Definitely should take her class!
5.0 : Courtney is awesome. Her exams are directly from her lectures and assignments. She grades fairly and consistently. Not only is she a great communicator but also has enthusiasm for the material and loves mentoring her students. I had a great experience in her class! Her experiences in the industry really add value to her teaching. She inspired me!
5.0 : Courtney is extremely helpful when you take the time and visit her during her office hours. The class is mostly graded upon the three exams and the project deliverables. As long as you attend all the classes and read the Kotter stories, the exams are not too difficult. Also, Courtney uses her real life experiences to better understand the material.
5.0 : Courtney was an amazing teacher. She made the classroom always open for questions and never failed to explain things multiple times in different ways and uses real life examples. She genuinely cares about her students and is always available for questions. Highly recommend her and wish she taught more classes - would definitely take again!
5.0 : Courtney is an amazing professor that incorporates her real life experience as a PM to lectures to helps better understand the material. She's caring of her students &amp; is extremely helpful during office hours for the project &amp; exams. She will be real with you and tell it how it is. Go to class, do the readings/web research and you'll pass.
5.0 : Courtney is a great professor because of her real life experience. She works currently as a Project Manager her examples makes it easy to understand concepts. There is a book you need to read in the class, so you must buy it to pass exams. Exams are open ended but really easy if you read the book and attend class. Take notes too!
5.0 : Colleen was the sweetest person. She really seemed to care about your understanding of the course as well as Art History. She was semi-lenient about attendance and participation.
5.0 : Colleen was SO WELL ORGANIZED. She graded assignments in a reasonable amount of time, and uploaded all course materials and instructions to blackboard. The way she organized her class makes it very easy to keep on top of what you need to do. I always knew where I stood with my grade. She's very sweet and understanding, and not too tough of a grader
5.0 : This class is for AOD majors: Mikaela is a great professor! She is very kind and helpful. She truly cares about each and every one of her students. She enjoys what she does and is really good at teaching. Participation matters bc it's a part of your grade &amp; the exams will have questions on it. I really enjoyed her class &amp; would take her again!!
4.0 : She tries her best to make students understand material. Most of the class is her going over examples on the PowerPoints. Tests are straightforward and easy if you prepare.  Attendance is based on in class participation.
4.0 : She gives you tons of extra credit quizzes to raise your test scores. The examples she does in class are a lot easier than what she gives you on the test. Make sure to study the review she goes over in class. Overall, very nice professor and she is very helpful if you go see during office hours.
5.0 : Lauren is fair and understanding.  She made the class fun and helped me overcome my fears.
5.0 : awesome
4.0 : Pretty intensive grader but allows you to correct assignments at the beginning to learn what he looks for. As long as you keep him in the know, he's willing to work with you on things but if he feels like you're just slacking, grade will suffer. Offers extra credit and is helpful with meeting offline. If you put in the effort, you should get an A.
2.0 : Damn bro econ hard
5.0 : His classes are lecture heavy, but if you pay attention and take notes you will do fine. Lenient grader.
5.0 : Very intelligent &amp; gives clear explanations about tests and homeworks. Take notes and you be fine and ask questions.
5.0 : Very easy class. You will get A as long as doing all assignments. No tests!
5.0 : Prof Kliger is a great teacher. This class has a lot of material, articles to read and you will write a few essays. Nothing crazy and she is very understanding. I definitely would recommend making every class. Participation matters. If you need Business Ethics or any upper level HRM course, try to take her online course. You will be happy you did
5.0 : Francheska (she goes by Francheska) has very clear grading expectations. You need to be in class to receive crits, but she is understanding and available for office hours if you do miss one or 2 times. She is funny, helpful, and doesn't waste time on things you already know, instead teaching you the most useful parts of the course material.
5.0 : Ok, so this is a tough class. Especially if taken over summer. Aaron is a great instructor. He knows his math inside and out. He will help you catch him for office hours but it is tough because he is taking classes also. If you skip classes you not gonna pass. I got an A in regular Stat and barely got C in this class. definitely would take him.
4.0 : Professor Wade is chill. His exam reviews are really helpful. If you get 75% on it, he adds 5% to the exam. Exam review is pretty much the test. Hes always willing to help if u need it. Excel projects sucks. Hes not a bad teacher. A lil bit dry but super cool and nice. I recommend him. You can get at least a B or an A if u put in the work. Take him
3.0 : His exam reviews are helpful. Complete and get 75% on it, you get 5% more on the test. He reallt accessible outside the class. IT Projecrs were a pain but it wasnt his idea. But hell always help you out and give guidance. Do the exam review and its basically the exam. A good shot at least a B, and possibly an A. Take him!
4.0 : Dude's chill. barely even yells at anyone. Wants kids to succeed. So he posts exam reviews which are practically the tests. 75% on that gets you an extra 5%. And he cancels class usually after tests. Pretty cool guy. Take him. You can get an A. Trynna to retake him for 2103.
4.0 : He's a pretty straightforward guy. Tells you whats on exams with the review, which if you do can get 5% added to the exam. Barely even need the book. Excel sucked. he was always helpful tho. Cancelled some It projects, even some classes. Super helpful with office hours. Overrall not a bad class. put in the work, you can get at least a B easily.
4.0 : Wade is worth it. His review exams are the key. He will always help you out. You do the exam review, your 75% is an added 5% to the exam. He made the final a bit hard but we got through it. Hes a solid choice. Just put in the work and you'll be fine. Hes always accessible and cares about your grade. IT labs were a pain but takes out a few. take him
4.0 : Stat 1102 is a lot of work with the painful excel projects. Wade will help you out tho. He wants you to succeed and will work with you. His exams are a mix and he grades based on your work. He tries to be fair. His exam reviews are very helpful. The final was hard but he curved it. Helped everyone out. Take him. Just put in your work
5.0 : I almost couldn't believe this guy wasn't on here yet. I took him for Mosaics I and currently taking him for Mosaics II. His quizzes are very easy and straightforward, and he's a very chill guy. His lectures can get boring, but they are very thought-provoking and interesting most of the time. I would definitely recommend taking him.
5.0 : He's very caring with his students and tries his best to show the importance of his class.
5.0 : One of the few classes I have enjoyed going to. He is loved by my whole studio and 1001 will be my favorite class i have ever taken. He has a great sense of humor and is extremely personable.
5.0 : He's a great professor who knows what he's talking about, and is definitely passionate about it. Frank is super laid back and will really take student's feedback. He usually takes attendance, but only because the University makes him. He sometimes he "forgets" to though.
5.0 : Extremely intelligent in many regards, but incredibly knowledgeable in philosophy. She lectures a lot but the topics she selects are relevant and fascinating; she invites discussion throughout the class and works hard to give clear, specific instructions on her assignments. She seems tough but ultimately wants her students to learn and succeed
3.0 : She has a soft and quiet voice so it's easy to be lulled to sleep during lectures/discussions. Very nice and approachable. Easy to reach if you have questions about assignments/readings. Provided the reading for us since books are expensive. It's a LOT of reading. Incredibly feminist (thankfully not feminazi). Most readings had to do w/ feminism.
5.0 : Professor Lumba is amazing. There are a lot of readings but they're quite interesting. We talk about them in class but it doesn't get repetitive, which is nice. She cares about her students and makes it easy for the class to talk about difficult topics. Pay attention during class and do the readings and you'll learn so much.
5.0 : When I took HRM1101 with Kate Nelson, it was co-taught with Michael Houldin as well when Nelson had to go on leave for surgery. Houldin is a really awesome guy, and gives enjoyable lectures. HW and Assignments are really easy, Tests can be a challenge, and the group project really isn't that bad at all. I got a B+ but put very little effort in.
5.0 : Houldin structures this class pretty easy. 4 in-class essays, he'll put a bunch of topics on the board and tell you to write about two, worth 50pts each. 2 tests (NO FINAL), worth 50pts each. Then a group presentation worth 100pts. He does care about attendance, but if you have something going on, he'll always excuse you - just let him know. Easy.
5.0 : great teacher! All the exams based of power points. he loves bringing in current controversial events so it kept class interesting. He loves a student who participates and brings their own insight. Gave some really good tips on negotiating job offers. in class essays, but their fairly short (400-500 words) and opinion based. would take again
4.0 : Genuinely enjoyed his classes, a good amount of reading and weekly discussions.
4.0 : Dr. Auerbach is a really great teacher. She is caring and is able to remember the names of many students in a very large class. The class often gets out early and there are few submitted assignments. Overall it is an awesome class and anyone interested in a psych course should take her class.
5.0 : She is SOOO sweet and caring! Pretty soft spoken, and she doesn't make this class harder than it needs to be. She likes to keep things simple and easy. You do one paper for the entire semester- so it really isn't a lot of work either. Overall, really great professor.
4.0 : She is really nice and tries hard to engage everyone. This material is really dry and she doesn't necessarily spice it up but the class is very easy and always gets out a little early. If you need to take this class then she is a fine choice.
4.0 : Dr. Auerbach is a quiet person but she's such a caring professor and wants you to pass. All tests were open note &amp; open textbook, and most of your grade is dependent on these tests. She also guides you through the final project step by step, and there's no final exam. Definitely would take her again due to how she is as a person
5.0 : Professor Auerbach is a great professor. She is very organized and makes writing a 10+ pg research paper a breeze. Gives great feedback. Gives extra credit opportunity. She cares a lot about her students. I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Professor Alderfer is one of the best professors Ive had at Temple. I took his gen ed investment class thinking it would be boring and difficult but he makes it so fun and interesting. He is caring and sweet! Take him if you have the chance!!
5.0 : Really good guy that is very passionate about his job. He makes sure that everyone knows what's going on at all times. Very easy class/grade as well. Show up for class though or you probably won't know what's going on.
5.0 : She's been phenomenal so far this semester. The weekly homeworks are short and easy. The quizzes are directly from the homeworks, usually just modified a bit. The tests are no surprise and similar to previous quizzes and homeworks. She offers extra credit on the tests, quizzes and even homeworks. She's passionate about teaching and is gorgeous too.
5.0 : I definitely recommend to take her. She is energetic and sweet in class and during office hours. As someone else said, the homeworks, quizzes and tests build on each other and a lot is reused or modified. Make sure to understand everything before tests. Don't skip pretest reviews. She's still new but her lectures got progressively better.
4.0 : I took Southwick for Learning and Behavior Analysis which she made very simple. If you don't get the material, go to her office hours! She explains much more in-depth to help you understand. There are interteaches that you do every class, 4 quizzes &amp; they're fairly simple if you grasp what the terms mean. Book review &amp; project due last day of class
5.0 : Great professor! You have 2 online quizzes a week with 2 attempts. The quizzes are pretty easy if you do the reading. There is one paper, you hand in a draft and get corrections and one relatively simple project. There is a final. She also gives 3 "passes" which give deadline extensions. You can use them to skip a quiz or take a paper extension
4.0 : Honestly, She's a good person and a great teacher, but most people do not take her seriously. You have 2 online quizzes a week. One is 5 points and another is 10 points. You also have 2 group assignments per week. She gives you passes that you can use if you don't turn in your work on time. There is a final. Everything she teaches is on powerpoints
5.0 : you really cant go wrong with professor Phillips. She knows exactly what she's teaching, and grades fairly and clearly. although attendance is mandatory, you're not going to do well if you don't attend i bet. anatomy is hard, so prepare yourself. oh and you didnt have to buy a textbook cause she provided a pdf version
4.0 : She's a young professor and relates to her students more than any professor. Laid back, shows up to teach, and she'll help you if you ask! Glad I took the class. There was one project and a few papers that take 15 mins to do.
5.0 : I loved this professor... she is young and kind of ditsy so its a funny class. She often cancels, powerpoints are online- as long as you study for the midterm you're fine. GREAT class and teacher
5.0 : Great professor that really cares about what she does. Some topics can be kind of boring, but she has a good sense of humor that helps you get through it. Even though it was a night class, I didn't mind going because she would be teaching.
5.0 : If looking for a Prof. who really will help you write a research paper, she is the one! She breaks the paper down in nice gaps which allows her students not to be overwhelmed!
5.0 : An amazing teacher, a friend recommended him and I could not be happier. He brings enthusiasm every day and pushes you past your comfort zone to get you to perform at the est of your ability.
5.0 : Guillermo made my first semester of college a pleasant experience. He is a funny, kind person and cares about his students. His course was very enjoyable, waking up for this 8AM class was well worth it.
4.0 : Professor Lipschutz is very caring and a great professor. I took this class online and it was an easy A. Do all of the discussion boards and quizzes. There is a 10 hour observation that you have to do outside of Temple, but once again that is easy. Do the observation hours and paper about it and you will pass.
5.0 : Very laid-back professor who is very understanding of the intimidating nature of learning Adobe. She is easily accessible and is not very strict with deadlines. As long as you understand the concept of what you're learning, she will help you through it with no problem.
5.0 : Hands down my fav professor in my entire college career. Most creative professor I've ever encountered. Courses are interesting + fun but make you think. I took him for a video game philosophy course + a LOTR analysis course in my freshman year. Tough grader but with good feedback. Very understanding + accommodating with mental health disabilities.
4.0 : Took him for intro to econometrics. The class is very hard, but Brantly will do his best to help you understand the information. You do need the assigned textbook! There's a free pdf of it online. Brantly also wants students to use R (which is a very useful skill btw). The class is tough. but if you are willing to apply yourself you'll do just fine
5.0 : Always looked forward to this class - especially loved having such a great professor. He explained a lot of interesting theater concepts for those without much experience and always made the class enjoyable. Super funny and nice! You do a short blog response for each play you see. One 5 page paper and easy final group project.
5.0 : Sarah is such a caring person who truly wants the best for her students. She'll give honest feedback about your work and what she thinks you can change. As long as she sees that you're doing your best and giving your full effort getting an A isn't difficult at all. If I could I would take her again and again. Probably my favorite class ever taken.
5.0 : Lily is a genuinely kind person who cares about her students. Mostly based around memorizing flashcards and historical context. She's an extremely tough grader, but she will make sure that everyone who she sees is trying passes the class. She also gives extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable and passionate about film, and has a charming dry sense of humor.
5.0 : I am really interested in the material in the course, but I overall think Ms. I is a great professor. She is extremely caring of her students. There are few quizzes and the midterm and final are group projects. There is a lot of class discussions.
3.0 : It was obvious that this semester was his first time teaching. He can be condescending at times. Not the best at teaching but he does try. Grades the papers pretty harshly considering this is a gen ed course. Honestly, just try to find a different professor to take for the class. Takes forever to put grades in. Takes a while to respond to emails.
5.0 : Awesome professor! He does everything in his power for you to pass. I got a 69 on a test &amp; with all the extra credit he gave me it went up to a 97. Go to his office hours &amp; don't talk during his lectures &amp; class will be a breeze.
5.0 : He is one of my favorite people on planet Earth. In Greek Theater and Society, he gets very excited about sharing information that you can NEVER be bored in his class. A chill class that has conversations about free will and power relations. You are not even gonna want to skip class. An EASY AF quiz every week on the play that you read.
5.0 : For GenEd 802 probably one of the best English classes. He has a great personality. If you didn't learn anything in High School on how to write a paper, he will definitely teach you everything you need to know. He runs class down to the end of time most the time, but he does give good feedback.
5.0 : Professor Thompson is the best. English is not a favorite subject of mine and this was by far my favorite class. There's three papers to write for the class, and you get to choose your topic for two. It's easier to get an A in his class because his grading system is more lenient compared to other 802 teachers. He's also a super cool, chill guy.
5.0 : Professor Rabiee is super cool. Very knowledgable, pretty easy grader, very relaxed about deadlines and attendance, as long as you talk to him about whatever's going on he'll be happy to help accommodate you. Nicest professor ever, only (very easy) weekly discussion posts, attendance, one essay and one final project for grades. Would recommend!!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors I've had. He is super chill and funny, but we still get stuff done and learn. He really seems to care for each student and what we have to say, and he recognizes that we have other classes and that mosaics is not everybody's top priority. He is very lenient and flexible when it comes to due dates. Great mosaics prof.
4.0 : No tests, quizzes, or exams. Just 3-4 papers. Easy-going
5.0 : Cameron Ellis is one of the best professors I've had at Temple. He genuinely cares how well you do in the class. The way he teaches makes you interested, which makes it easier to learn in such a hard class. Tests are pretty straightforward. Questions come from right from the lecture and textbook. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Ortiz is a great man. He makes coming to class fun. his class is super easy however I still learned a lot. I would 100% recommend him.
5.0 : This class is not the most interesting of courses. We were given one quiz in the beginning of the semester and then 2 papers. No midterm and no final. She gives good feedback and makes sure you're setup for writing the paper, although shakespeare is a little difficult to write about in my opinion.
5.0 : I had Professor Traweek for Shakespeare in the Movies. Great teacher. Shes brilliant and lively and passionate. One presentation, two medium length papers, and a short quiz. Overall enjoyed the class.
5.0 : The absolute best, such a gem!!!!!!!! My favorite class I've taken at Temple so far.
5.0 : Professor Solomon made every effort to build students a solid prob/stat foundation in AS1501. In addition, he connected the subject matter to his own professional experience and experience in passing actuarial exams. His lectures were very clear and informative. Additionally, Professor Solomon was always available to help if needed.
