1.5 : A nice, intelligent person, but a horrible teacher. I Spent about 15 additional hours a week trying to teach the material to myself. He gives impossible 3 question quizzes that will lower your overall grade by about 10 points, so even if you do really well on the tests you won't have a good grade. Easily the worst teacher I've ever had.
1.0 : He is not a nice man. He laughed at my grade even though I only had it because of the impossible quizzes he gives. He doesn't teach from the course plan and if he did it wouldn't matter because he can't teach. I thought I would be able to make it through his class with the help of friends and tutors but I was wrong. He is the WORST. Beware.
3.0 : Online class but was struggling so i went to her for help. She was condescending and made me feel dumb. If you need help in this class I would suggest going to a tutor and avoiding the professor if possible
3.0 : His teaching style is very unclear. The exams(except for the final) come from the practice exams. He assigns quite a few programs, but there is adequate time to get them done. Go to office hours and he will sit there and help you until you figure it out. He is very nice, but the grading is a little harsh at times.  But hes nice
1.0 : Dwight is the worst professor I have had so far. He doesn't care about this class and if you don't have a friend who knows the stuff then you wont do well. The labs are easy but the programs take forever and the test are ridiculously hard and unfair. He has ignored some of my emails and unfairly graded some of my assignments without explanation.
1.0 : Honestly a nice person but not a clear lecturer. Class starts with very basic material and then makes a jump out of nowhere into insanely hard material. His notes are not helpful and the class is very dependent on TA's. Labs again start out simple and then jump into very difficult material. Tests
1.0 : Barnette's lectures only seemed to "teach" the people who had been coding for years. To top it off, the way he teaches is very dry. He actually came in and subbed one time for another class and my brain instinctively switched off when I heard his voice.
1.0 : Honestly I felt that after I reported in class that another student robbed my assignment, she blatantly lied that she didn't take it while she was flapping my work with my name visible 3 times in front of his face, but he lied that she didn't do it or interrupt my work... all of that seemed against student regulations, codes and rules... then they
1.0 : I was uncomfortable because he announced that he loves a particular students he went into the bathroom with.
1.0 : Many said felt he disliked them I think.
1.0 : I think he regularly claimed innocence of confrontational harassers immediately after their invasive blustering browbeating persons of color, seemed to not be innocent at all but be social manipulating.
1.5 : Everything about the class sucks. He is not the best lecturer, goes really fast, and doesn't give you all the notes and examples that you need to be successful. His GA grades homework extremely difficulty and is the only class where I've ever been hurt by a homework grade. Whether I pass or not remains to be seen, but if you can, dont take him.
1.0 : By far one of the worst teachers at this school. He does not understand how to explain the material in simpler terms. His tests and quizzes are impossible. I went to his office hours and he still could not explain the material well to me 1 on 1. People with other teachers do not even attend class and they have a better grade than I do
1.0 : taking this class online over the summer.  his lectures are dull and does an awful job of explaining his process to the class.  makes many mistakes during lectures.  his online quizzestests do not allow you to go back to a question once answered and he does not provide feedback (what questions you missed). however course is doable with effort.
1.0 : Absolute worst professor I have ever had. Ever. He refused to help and got annoyed when a question was asked, and if he answered it at all, he answered it with a serious attitude. DO NOT TAKE IT ONLINE. Take it in person with someone else. (Life saved, you're welcome).
1.0 : Rude in class, there is a lot of homework that is assigned that does not even remotely prepare you for the ungodly difficult tests and quizzes. This is my most hated class I have ever taken, I don't understand how he is still a prof. here when he does such a mediocre job at teaching. I beg of you DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.
1.0 : Horrible teacher. Has no respect for students. Assigns arduous homework that does not even remotely prepare you for tests. Smiles at you condescendingly both in class and in office hours, and does not help in either. Take anyone else at any other time if possible.
1.5 : Nottingham is the worst professor I have ever had in my life. I am hoping that one day someone from the BIT department reads this and realizes that he needs to be removed. If you do get stuck in his class and cannot get out, make sure you go to every class and study his PowerPoints and the textbook for tests. The class is unnecessarily hard.
5.0 : Quinton is Hilarious.... He was hard on people when he arrived at VT, but he will bye Felicia! You real quick
1.0 : Dr. Hanson was the worst teacher I have ever had for Chemistry. He would not tell the class when homework was due or wouldn't say he posted it, so i had to drop the class because he was not put together into teaching such a hard topic.
4.0 : I enjoyed Hanson's intro to chem class. His lectures could get mundane at times especially since a lot of it was review for me, but he has that dry humor that keeps you interested. He uses i-clickers so just be aware. The tests are difficult, but he posts practice tests/answers. Ample help offered too, so there's little excuse for not doing well.
1.0 : I read the reviews about him before the semester started and thought I'd be fine. I WAS WRONG. The first day of class, he tried to disclaim all the awful reviews about him. He doesn't know what he's doing and even messes up on the practice problems in front of the class. He reads right off the slides and most of it never even appears on the test.
2.5 : Professor Hanson was a very nice guy and and he definitely know a ton about chemistry, but his class was always just very disorganized, boring, and confusing.  There would be times where I would try to pay attention and learn, but would get confused and lost and end up just not paying attention anymore.
1.0 : He is a horrible person. Never take him!!! Can't explain anything and is never clear
3.0 : He is a funny character and I always found him amusing. If you ask him a question he will follow up to answer it in the best way, and is a pretty fair/good grader.
3.0 : The class seemed pretty pointless and you cant blame him for making it seem so boring. He has a curriculum to stick to. He did say in the beginning that he has absolutely no tolerance for late submissions of assignments, so at least he let you know to be careful. Really not a fun class but not that hard. He's not that helpful in office hours.
1.0 : Ghoulbourne was my worst professor at Virginia Tech.  She was rude and disrespectful to her students.  She was unprofessional.  She even refused to meet with me on a time, which we scheduled previously!  Moreover, her tests did not cover material from lectures or homework, so it was impossible to prepare for them.
3.0 : Every week there is a quiz on the chapter you were suppose to read. Her lectures can be boring or interesting, depends on the topic at hand. It is not necessarily a hard class, but it is a lot of work; i.e throughout the entire semester you will have to complete a research paper. You HAVE to attend most, if not all classes, and participate.
1.5 : Not challenging enough, especially for your technical and analytically skills. Topics which were interesting were not covered with necessary depth.
1.0 : Dr. Seniors and her course is 100% without a doubt the most useless class I've taken in my collegiate career.  She is extremely disorganized, does not respond to e-mails, and the material is mostly things that are of interest to her and has little value in "African American Studies".  Lastly, her grammar is TERRIBLE I wonder how she got the job.
1.0 : The syllabus is long and confusing, and she doesn't even follow it. She's unorganized and gets mad at the students for not knowing what she wants from them even though she doesn't explain anything. Her lectures are all over the place and it's easy to miss points on stupid assignments which can bring you down to an A-/B in a CLE that should be an A
1.0 : She is the worst person I have ever met. She is rude and feminist. Has no clue about engineering. I would throw her out if I was the head of ECE department. She get's offended if you don't call her DOCTOR Pendleton. She doesn't respond to emails. She is highly disorganized. She is not helpful.
1.0 : Terrible teacher. Can't understand a word that comes out his mouth, constantly flips between clustered powerpoints and illegible handwritten notes, and what he talks about in class is rarely if ever covered on exams. He does some curving but its not enough
1.0 : worst professor I have ever had, she is unsure of what she is teaching and confuses students because she does not know what she is doing. She reads off of a paper while teaching and cannot do basic math in her head. She writes out every definition on the board instead of focusing on doing problems, lectures were very long because of that.
1.0 : She cant teach, very expensive college but she doesn't explain. math is tough in general but people with struggles in math cannot take her.
1.0 : Worst teacher I've had at Virginia Tech so far. She requires way too much work and expects way too much from her students. Avoid taking this teacher at all costs. Trust me.
1.0 : This is one of the worst teacher at this school.  He doesn't care about anything.  He doesn't care about his work or the students.  He assigns homework that has nothing to do with what is done in class.  In fact if you use his methods in class to solve homework problem YOU CANT EVEN GET THE RIGHT ANSWER.  Horrible teacher, useless class.
1.0 : You need this class for the school to maintain ABET accreditation. Totally useless information if you already know how to use excel. Aside from how much I hated the course Koelling did not make it any better. Very dry lectures and very difficult and time consuming homework. He does not respond to emails very well.
1.0 : Terrible at explaining the material.
1.0 : The worst professor I had at Virginia Tech. Don't take him!
3.0 : Memorize the textbook and the powerpoints and youll be fine. Everything is online except 4 exams worth 70% of your grade. I heard the in person one is much better and more likely to get an A. Doable class but you have to work for the grade.
4.0 : She is great.
1.0 : She DID NOT post any grade throughout the whole entire semester. Not even by finals week. She is horrible and she makes promises for updating the grade book and never comes through. You are completely clueless about how well you are doing in the class the whole semester. She also assigns a group project which is long a useless to be honest.
1.5 : Over this class is one of the worst I have ever taken. She's unorganized and unclear. You just acts like she doesn't want to be teacher. She teaches almost like she thinks we've all taken this class already, and that we should already know the content. You have a writing assignment due every class. Only take as a last resort.
1.5 : I had to drop the class because I couldn't understand the class for most of the time, and I knew I would fail the class if I continued taking it. Better of dropping it. Don't take this professor unless you are desperate for hard-core. Save it for last reserve.
1.5 : Don't bother asking questions, he's no help. Many times he refuses to answer questions. He doesn't like to explain things.
1.0 : If you're taking this course online, beware. Unlike most online institutions and other courses in VTs program, this professor requires quizzes be taken Wed evenings from 6-9pm EST. I have students in my class who live on the west coast, absolutely zero exceptions are made. One quiz is worth 2.5% of your grade.
1.5 : Great guy just cannot explain things to save his life. Makes a hard subject even worse
2.0 : Dr. Stevens was fine for about the first half of the semester when the programming was simple after that though when the class got more into C++ he would just throw code up on the board and expect everyone to understand it since it made sense to him. Be prepared to teach yourself and a lot of GTA office hours since the textbook is little to no help
1.0 : not good at all!
2.0 : Gives assignments on coding, but all grading is done through an online grader; to pass, you need to go to class and record every minor detail he might drop on how to format your code, because the assignments are written rather vaguely.  Office hours were a must, otherwise the chances of getting every formatting detail correct are minimal.
1.0 : Awful teacher. I came in with no coding experience and was immediately lost. Inaccessible and frankly rude outside of class when asking questions. Quizzes and exams are worded confusingly and he often makes mistakes.
1.0 : You wont learn anything in lecture and the Mastering Physics homework is hard. It's a class that teaches you nothing and expects you to know everything.
3.5 : Very helpful, clear lectures. Explains concepts thoroughly. Lot of people say the accent is tough to understand but I found it to be pretty clear. Homework is tough but he helps you to the max and gives clues if you approach. Lively in the class and makes physics interesting.
1.0 : Dr. Singh is not a professor. He is a researcher. 1665 of his students passed last semester due to the fact that he does not teach or care. I mean he literally would do one problem in class without explaining. That was it. I withdrew from his class with a 50% after the 2nd test. I took the class again with Dr. Hendricks and earned an A-.
1.0 : While the class material itself is somewhat unbearable, Ashish makes it difficult by making his expectations very vague. There are no rubrics or clear expectations/requirements for the assignments but nit-picks for detail. He isn't much help even when directly asking him questions, he often leaves you more confused than when you started.
1.0 : Horrible teacher. Barely understands the material himself and has horrible grading techniques, not providing clear descriptions of assignments or rubrics. When asked a simple question, fails to answer.
2.0 : He wants to see effort from his students. Respect, class engagement, &amp; attendance were expected; performance in class may have influenced grades for assignments (off-task  docked 'final grade' points). Assignments lacked in-depth rubrics, but had basic guidelines; leaving them very open-ended (a good thing).
2.0 : This guy should not be a teacher. He doesn't know the material, cant explain himself, and speaks English poorly. If you have to take this class, be prepared to email him constantly with questions about the assignments, as he does a bad job explaining the criteria.
2.0 : Ashish is very friendly but by no means should be teaching engineering to freshman, as he is a grad student himself. He does a poor job explaining what must be done on each assignment making the class harder than it should be.
2.0 : His class is not particularly hard, but he does not have a very concise method of assigning textbook reading, and his grading is extremely difficult. He will take off points for things that are correct, but are not how he wants them to be. This is difficult because he rarely describes his exact expectations.
1.5 : She is probably the worst professor that I've had at VT. We use this program called STATA and have a ton of homework assignments on it, which are VERY hard. She doesn't help at all or answer any questions. When I try to meet with her she is always too busy to answer any questions. I would NEVER sign up for any of her classes again!
1.0 : she was a horrible teacher, she talked way too fast, no notes on her slideshow, and the tests were a combination of lecture and book but were extremely hard, the average for the first two tests were D's
1.0 : One of the worst professors I have had at Tech. She goes through her notes too fast and the tests are not close to the reading or her lectures. I had to work too hard for a introduction to government class. The average for class tests are usually C and D's and she does not drop anything and there are usually only 4-5 grades the whole semester.
4.5 : She gave out three tests and they were not too hard, but the paper assignments were difficult. I am not a good writer so it could have been just me.
1.0 : Would not recommend. Holds a large packet and just reads from it all class. Not really that well informed on most topics. Claims she "Knows a lot of things on the surface but not in depth." Powerpoints are not detailed at all and does not allow enough time for note taking.
1.0 : Very Lecture Heavy. Power-points have no information on them and then the lecture goes by so fast that you can't write things down. Final grade consists of 3 exams and 1 paper.  Have to do reading for quiz questions at beginning of every class.
1.0 : Even with review guides her test are really hard. Her class just drains on and on. It is so boring!!!
1.0 : BEWARE of Caitlin Jewitt! She is extremely knowledgable in her field of study but she's a stickler of EVERYTHING. You will read pages and pages from the textbook and the lectures are BORING. If you don't give her all of your undying attention she gets annoyed. If you so much as laugh she'll stop the lecture and ask "Did I say something funny?
1.0 : This class is extremely lecture heavy and almost your entire grade is based off of the exams. The content is easy and I study a lot but the test questions are difficult. "Study guide" is not helpful, she might as well write "study everything I have ever said" on it. Must buy the books and I highly recommend doing the reading every night.
1.0 : This class was extremely tough. Even if you attend every class you will not do well  on the tests. She has three tests with 40 questions on it. I studied every word she said in lectures for the last two tests and still barely got a passing grade. Oh and the current event-- good luck! :(
4.0 : Don't miss, she does a i-clicker at the start and end of class that counts for participation.  Lots of reading, and your i-clicker questions come from that (at least read the beginning and end to get the gist). Tests come from lectures and readings.  Her lectures aren't biased for either party. She enjoys participation and asking questions.
2.0 : Not clear, and office hours not helpful. Hard tests.
2.5 : Very unorganized and assumes you have no life outside of class. Lots of busy work and writing assignments. Tests are free response.
1.0 : Dr. Morgan is a disgrace to teachers everywhere and the epitome of what is wrong with tenure. He reads powerpoints and attemps to do math problems on the board, never once gotting through one without an error. His test quesrions are open ended and phrased in a manner never seen before the exam. He is not helpful, and thinks XC is unethical....?
1.0 : Unless you love math and tedious problems without clear instructions or much help from the professor, avoid this class. EPP and UAP majors, you especially should stay the hell away from this class - leave it for the engineers. I'm an EPP major, and I had no idea how hard the material would be, and many engineers have also felt similarly.
1.5 : Professor Asebedo's scholar site is a train wreck. It is impossible to find the material and even more impossible to discern one powerpoint from another (ch. 12a,b part1, part2.) You will also have to do a case study. Good luck. The excel spreadsheets make no sense and you don't receive feedback on the quizzes that you need to complete other parts.
2.0 : She runs a tight ship w/ the GTAs, but it is possible to get an A. However, if you are late or wear the wrong shoes or forget your goggles, you're screwed out of 50 points. I understand the rules are there, but there could be a tiny but of leniency (especially for 1st semester freshmen). Do any extra credit offered and read the online discussions.
1.0 : Fuhrer Long holds the chem lab program with an iron fist. Thou shall not enjoy chem lab and thou shall not enjoy life with chem lab. For the love of all things holy, avoid avoid avoid.
5.0 : CHEM1045 is honestly not as hard as people say it is. I took it over the summer at Virginia Tech and was able to manage all the work in 6 weeks. Remembering your lab notebook, shoes, and goggles is essential but its not that hard to just set a reminder or something. As long as you show up and do the work, you will pass with a good grade.
1.5 : If you miss a single portion of the assignment then you fail the lab for the week.
2.0 : Very Very Tedious 1 credit class. It is the freshman weed-out class for engineering students. to pass this class you need to: have friends, be punctual, have high awareness, and be precise and accurate. You are graded by inexperienced TA's so don't be surprised to see low grades for your work. DON'T FORGET YOUR: GOGGLES, LAB NOTEBOOK, AND COMPUTER.
1.0 : Only a one-credit class, but by far the most work out of any of my classes. If you don't have to take chem-lab, don't.
2.0 : This site has a lot of negative reviews. She doesn't want you to fail but policies are very strict. I find myself sprinting to my 8am lab, showing up 30 seconds late means a 0 on a lab. Tons of busy work but if you can handle the load, shoot for the 3.0 dream. A classic freshman engineering weed out class
1.0 : Victoria Long has established a regime within the lab and every single TA functions like a loyal subordinate to the fuhrer. This class is a weed out for those seeking to become Engineers. The amount of busy work is unreal and if you forget the most minor of assignments before a lab or come 30 seconds late you will not be let in which is minus 5-8%.
1.5 : Professor Long provides little to no help to students, however assigns massive amounts of homework. If you fail to complete even the most minor assignment before class, you will not be permitted to enter, giving you a zero for that class and any work pertaining to it. If you don't have to take this class, don't.
1.0 : She's not really interested in people's success, rather how much she can make them fail. I submitted my lab in the wrong place and she told my TA not to grade it and give me a 0.
1.0 : Do not take this class unless you have to. You will hardly ever see Victoria Long herself, everything is done by the TAs. The online textbook and labs are not specific at all. You will work harder in this class than in Chem1035. Save yourself, do not take it.
1.0 : Vikki long doesn't have a PhD.
1.0 : Her lectures were some of the worst I have seen at VT both in content and presentation. Horribly frustrating class ans Mrs Tyne made it much more so.
1.0 : It's a pointless class. They will still try to fail you though.
2.5 : Not a very good professor. She's quite intelligent, and it definitely shows when she's teaching but, she can't teach. She confuses students by answering questions. In other words, her explanations and her teaching only makes the class a nightmare. It's not just her though. The new ENGE curriculum is set up really bad. You read "Heart and the Fist".
1.0 : Thoroughly mediocre lectures. Lots of assignments that were horribly unclear.
2.5 : He digs into abstract concepts without fully explaining them or how they connect to anything else. Not enough examples, so I often can't set up or do the problems even when I think I understand the concepts behind them. He also moves on too fast. Expect to teach yourself by reading the textbook or watching YouTube/Khan Academy.
1.0 : His accent is very difficult to understand and as are his lectures. This class was the most difficult I've ever taken. I would not recommend this professor
1.0 : I have to say from this class I learned nothing but it drags my Gpa. The painful part of this class is she released the grades months after we submitted. Also I was confused about why I lost points but I would never know the reason. She is a nice person in general but I am disappointed with her class.
1.0 : Lectures are poor. She doesn't explain anything, she gives zero guidelines for assignments, and grades them so incredibly tough and specific. Oh, and she takes forever to grade the assignments too. There were assignments given in September that we didn't get back till the end of the semester. Please, please, please do not take her class.
1.0 : Tough grader is an understatement. Her grading is better described as trying to fly with a pair of wings strapped to your arms . You can flap as hard as you want but you won't go up much. The best theory as to why she is such a hard greater is that her "time in industry" is over and all she has to show for it is a sensor that nobody decided to use.
1.0 : She is literally the antichrist in female form! Avoid her at all costs and your GPA will thank me! I took her for ENGE 1216 and she never fully outlined what she expected from us, especially on group assignments. Arguing for points back on assignments only makes it worse and it takes her an eternity to grade anyway! Not worth the effort!
1.0 : doesn't care about the students at all. wouldnt let me retake a test that I had a wifi error in. didnt take my mental illness under consideration and gave late penalty for everyone. very cold heartless doesnt teach material well WANTS YOU TO FAIL if you want to become depressed then take her class, she is a horrible person, doesnt give feedback
1.0 : 80% of assignments remained ungraded until AFTER the class was over. I did not know what my final grade was until then. She never outlines what is expected on assignments, she grades harshly and gives no feedback. I learned nothing from this class. My entire build team was fed up her very early in the semester. Avoid this professor.
1.0 : Like, she's not good. She doesn't grade quickly at all. The last day of classes came, and I was still waiting for something from October. She talks about how "the course is flawed" but really she is the flawed one. Overall, a condescending and kinda mean professor that you should only take to avoid an 8 am.
4.0 : Professor St. Omer is a good professor. She gives a lot of assignments, but most of them are pretty straightforward. She has very high expectations for group projects, but the class itself is not very hard. She let us do a few group projects in the Frith lab which was fun. She is a solid choice if you are looking for an engineering professor.
1.0 : I cannot express how terrible of a professor she is. She takes months to grade any thing and when she finally gives out grades they are a million times lower than any other professor gives for the same class. She is terrible at answering questions and I did not learn anything from her. Avoid having her as a professor at all costs.
1.0 : She is a terrible teacher who gives no explanations. She grades incredibly strictly after giving little to no guidelines for assignments. I dreaded going to class. I would not recommend her to anyone, please avoid.
1.0 : Decent person, she can be a nice person.  Doesnt change the fact that we didnt know any of our grades until weeks after they were submitted.  She didnt even meet the university deadline to submit final grades.  TONS of writing, very stressful class, and she provided little to no feedback to help us.  Id avoid at all costs
2.0 : He's a nice guy, just very new to teaching. He doesn't teach; he copies the lecture out of the textbook and copies the solution onto the board. His exams are confusing and time consuming, and aren't good preparation for Hendrick's final.
1.0 : If you have the chance to switch to a different teacher, you should! He lectures directly from the book and isn't helpful (if you can find him) in office hours.
1.0 : Pay attention and do much more work out of class or you will not pass. He copies the lecture out of the book and refused to go over Wrench Moments because 'he doesn't like them'. If you can get Chang or anyone else do that and save yourself a repeat or a GPA drop.
1.0 : picks the hardest version of each problem for the test. Picks the question that has as many exception to the rule and deviates the most from examples in class. You can really know the material and still do poorly on exams. Partial credit is worth nothing to him
1.5 : Avoid this Professor. It's beyond me that this guy still gets the greenlight from the University to be allowed to stand in front of students and attempt to teach. Poor communicator, doesn't even use his own slides, and mumbles to himself during the lectures. Seriously--he's the worst.
1.0 : No, just no. Take a harder class as long as it is with any other professor.
1.0 : Horrid professor. He cannot communicate to save his life and he mumbles. He even uses a microphone, but I still can't hear him.
1.0 : Gives a weekly quiz with a 15 minute time limit.  Hardly anyone in the class finishes it and his response is simply "you should know this better," and then compares the amount of time it took him to complete to us.  The homework is not collected and therefor not graded.  He faces the board the whole lecture and does not slow down for new material.
1.5 : He uses the required course to vet students into applying for undergraduate research in the railgun program he runs, which makes it unnecessarily hard; this is a required course that is major restricted to MEs.
1.0 : Renardy's DiffEQ class is probably the worst I've ever taken at Virginia Tech. Not purely in the sense that it was hard- it was hard, and I genuinely feel like I've learned nothing all semester. Lectures consist of him going up to the board and talking at it for 50 minutes straight without ever clarifying anything. 2-3 HW assignments weekly
1.0 : Probably wouldn't have been a terrible class if I were already proficient in MATLAB but I am not so it was near impossible. Homeworks and tests were very hard. The tests were curved heavily but not enough in my opinion. I didn't want to go to his office hours because I could barely understand his English and he smells really really bad. Avoid
1.0 : The guy can barely speak english, and argued with the class about how this wasn't a MatLab class even though we've done nothing but MatLab. There was a 30 point curve on the first exam. If this class wasn't required for AOE then I wouldn't have taken it. Check for other professors.
1.0 : Sorta nice guy, but very arrogant. There's one activity a week outside of class, it's usually a good 4-5 pages of typed stuff. In addition, you will have to write a 20 page research paper with 25-40 sources REQUIRED. No textbook required, but he posts things on Canvas that you print out- maybe 30 pages for each class. Just avoid it at all costs!!!!
1.0 : Worst class experience ever!!! Not clear lecture materials and mess assignment instructions. Lots of readings after class and high-pressure in-class participation (make up to 30% of the total grade) All grades are based on professor's judgment, cause no exams,  individual assignment, group projects and presentations instead. Very tough grader.
1.0 : Terrible professor.  His course is nothing like his syllabus and expects perfection on his papers with no real explanation on what he is looking for.  Literally gave everyone in the class a C on our last test.   His grading is erratic and writes things on our test that had nothing  to do in class.  Repeats himself all class, I learned nothing
2.0 : You could tell he was in over his head from the get-go. This man had no clue what was going on throughout the semester. Would read straight from the powerpoint and still somehow tell us the wrong thing. Tries to make the course more than what it actually is: a weedout. Not the worst I've ever seen, but far from the best.
1.0 : Hanna is the worst professor ever. His lectures are incomprehensible, he is incredibly condescending to students who ask questions, and his homework's make no sense. Avoid at all costs!
2.0 : The class is hardly useful and her method of lecturing is ineffective and uninteresting.
1.0 : She reads off of Powerpoint slides and is hard to understand
1.0 : was disrespectful to me and other classmates. He was not helpful at all when being asked a question. It seemed that he only wanted to do his research and know nothing about students. He also will make mistakes, but think he is the best while be furious if you make a mistake. If you are not in his area of research, he will make fun of you. terrible
1.0 : Absolutely horrible. Unprofessional, pretentious, and just talks the entire class. Will give you an honor code violation even if you didn't do anything. Rude and does not care about students at all. Visual Media should be an easy class, so take it with literally anyone else.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I have ever had. If you meet all the requirements on his rubrics you still will not get an A. Does not make all areas of a project clear and if there is an issue will turn you in for an Honor Code Violation. Turned in every single group in my class for an Honor Code! Avoid him at all costs he will ruin your semester.
1.0 : He is an absolutely despicable man. Not only did he attempted to ruin the academic careers of all his students, but he is also unable to adequately teach the course's content. Taking his class was the most disheartening academic experience and has made me question the quality of my Virginia Tech education.
2.0 : He is an awful teacher. He is very unclear when he is teaching and if you ask for clarification he takes 10 minutes to say nothing. He doesn't explain what he is doing or connect concepts. I did well in the class because I love math and its easy for me, but the average on tests were low and the tests are your entire grade. Look for another teacher!
