1.0 : I highly don't recommend him. He's deaf and has a hearing aid. if you ask a question, most likely he won't hear you. He tries his best to teach, but we still don't understand him. But if you do end up taking his class, make sure you do your MathLab, pass every single one of the 4 tests, do your hours, and pass the final, and you will be fine.
1.0 : Worst teacher you can possibly have. Take him if you are willing to teach yourself. He is no help. He just assigns the homework and quizzes on mymathlab. He is very sarcastic when answering questions. He doesn't tell you where you are wrong on test.
1.0 : Don't take this man. He is HORRIBLE!Math lab barely boost your grade. Study Guide he gives is completely different from test. It's easy to cheat his test with you're phone and he's literally deaf, he has a hearing aid. Don't take him if  you actually want to learn.
1.0 : If you like to fail take him if not avoid him.
1.0 : Doesn't teach the material. He goes through power points and slides like a robot
3.0 : Honestly, this professor knows his subject. He can be condescending at times, but for the most part, he will break things down IF YOU ASK. Mandatory PLFs or Turn in Chapter Questions(my choice).. I should've done PLFs. Gives partial credit on tests questions. Tests you on a lot of info, but its not all on the test. Passed with a B, Prepare to Study
1.5 : Do not take him unless you have some knowledge on Pre-Cal. He answers your question with a question. He is not straight forward at all.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIM ! WAIT NEXT SEMESTER !I knew from the first day in his class that I was not going to pass. He only lectures when he wants to, when he does it is so confusing and unclear. I am already a person who has to work really hard in math, having a bad professor did not help. As a person he seems pretty cool, but as a professor UMMMM NO !
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIM! He will give you a PowerPoint but he is terrible at answering questions, he'll make you even more confused
1.0 : He tries his best to teach but doesn't do it very well. He knew that most of us were not doing well in the class, so he kinda helped us out bc we really needed it. I don't recommend him to people who can't teach themselves because that's all you are gonna do in this class. The class is hard but doable. STUDY FOR HIS EXAMS WAY BEFORE!!
1.0 : I taught myself in this class. He gives out NO extra credit whatsoever. I took pre calculus in high school so I was familiar with the material. For any one new to this course, I advice tutors, going to the math lab, friends, the book, Youtube, anything else but Andrews.  Expects you to just know the material. I made it out with a B. Barely.
3.0 : The class is majority an online class. If you keep up with the assignments on my math lab you should be fine in that component. The tests are really similar to the homework on my math lab, so make you understand the hw and you should be fine for the test. He doesn't have office hours so if you're stuck,  go to the math lab or ask other students
1.5 : I still have nightmares about this teacher and here I am with an 18 year old starting College. Avoid her like the Plague if you can.
1.0 : I hate every day of it.
5.0 : Although some may not like her, if you listen you will pass!
1.0 : Literally the worst professor I've ever had. He will randomly scream in the middle of the lecture in attempt to wake up the people asleep. He does things backwards, after you take the test he will then go over the material. Avoid him at all cost unless your forced to take him. His tests also contain optional homework material so that you fail.
2.0 : This professor test are not based on any of her powerpoints  she's never clear on what she actually wants. She will take off points for little things. Attend all the events she wants you to go to and you will have to write on them. Class isn't hard she's just rude at times and not clear on what she wants.
1.0 : cool teacher in lab very helpful, but the midterm and final exams were super hard and didn't relate to what was going on in the class. I wouldn't take him unless he is the only one left and you have no other choice.
1.5 : Musa simply doesn't lecture (unless you count reading from the textbook). When I pay for a course,  I really expect a professor to lecture and facilitate learning but Musa does none of these things. The FAMU chemistry department needs to find professors who care about research AS WELL AS teaching; there should be an emphasis on learning not stress.
1.0 : No one got an F. He gave 9/10 people D's. How does a 20 average guy get the same grade as a 70 average guy. Very mean man. He can't pronounce half the words he says. Had to take him to FAMU student court. He teaches little that will be on the test. BEWARE! I got a B, but had to go to the chairmen to complain every week. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
1.0 : He basically reads from the book and there's no homework. 4 quizzes,4 tests,that's it. He will definitely play games with your grade, and he hates tardiness and absences, so don't be late because he WILL make it affect your grade. Do not take this man, he is extremely petty and believes in punishing all for the actions of a few.
1.0 : Took his class, and did not understand the material at all. I did read but when the test comes it's totally different.  I would not recommend this guy. If I can I would suggest this guy only for labs. He has no business teaching lectures if more than half the class is stuggling.
1.0 : DON'T TAKE HIM
1.0 : Hated this lady she is a terrible professor, she takes off even if you got the right answer if you didn't show the work.. She doesn't care about the students and is stuck in her ways don't take her
2.5 : She is not that bad, just get in good with her. She'll help you if you ask, but you can find all of the help you need in the book, the class isn't that hard at all. Buy MyMathLab and DO THEM ON TIME. This is a major part of the class. There are 4 tests, easy. Final questions come from old tests. It's an easy A if you do the homework and participate
3.5 : Do the work study stay on top of your homework review. DO THE MATHLAB WILL HELP A GREAT DEAL. She has a cool soul
1.0 : DON'T TAKE HIM
1.0 : Took this class online is was super hard, if you take this class I would have help from someone who knows what they are doing and helps a lot of people for a cost. 15 out of 35 people in my class failed, you have to stay on top of things, extra credit is what helps you pass this class.
1.0 : guys take this class if your only registering for one in a semester because its alot of work!!! The professor is pointless and rude when asked for help!! The university should have policies and procedures in place for such a low grade professors. If i had to grade him his grade would be a ZERO!!!
1.0 : Do NOT take this man.  Save yourself the trouble and stress. If you study for the tests you'll pass. His paper is.. something else.  You definitely need the book. Just don't do it.
1.0 : He is rude, always late!, doesn't like questions. Test dates are random, works in students favor because they are usually moved to a later date. His lectures are pointless, he's Unapproachable. So far I have a B. READ the book and grasp the concepts and practice online tests! Four tests, NO quizzes or study guides. Be quiet and respectful.
1.0 : ugh i cant even explain how hard this class is. he is not very helpful and does not explain anything at all. his homework is difficult at times and his exam are even worse I study all day and write all his notes but could not pass his test I wanted to give up. he gives a lot of work and acts like his students are top scientist when he ask questions
4.0 : He made the class harder than what it should have been. He made us use excel to enter our data. He does seem arrogant when you ask him questions. But he is also very helpful if you ask him questions. You have to work for your grade but you actual learn something! Great Professor! He evens lets you text him if you needs help with lab reports.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS!!! Test are SUPER hard. He doesn't explain or break down how to do the problems. He plays on geogebra the entire class period. I paid $70 for the online homework assignment, and everything we did on the homework assignment isn't even on the test.
1.5 : I took his class summer15, he made things difficult for no reason, but it wasnt impossible. He is very arrogant and speaks down on you about his knowledge. His class is passable, as long as you know how to operate Excel. Once you learn how to input data things are manageable. Do the labs with people that WILL do their share of work. Take good notes
2.0 : Seems like he's a okay guy, but I wouldn't take another class of his. Test are open book, note, computer and everyone can speak with each other but b/c of that he makes the test impossibly hard...1st test avg for our class was a 30%. Also the homework is graded off of completion (online) BUT only if you show you really tried...i took him in Summer
2.0 : Dr. O'neal is hard professor and I HATE physics. I've tried to like it but it's just never clicked for me. I took Dr. O'neal over the summer and he just wants to make sure you work for your grade. Just come to class, go to his office, ask others for help if you need it and you'll get the grade you need. Just take him in the summer. SUMMER.
1.0 : Keep away with this professor. It was my first online class and was so confuse when she graded my paper so low. I spend a lot of time for the paper, and all she said is review your rubrics which it doesn't say anything. She never tells you what you have to improve. Never spend time with the class and see her make comments. Definitely a 5% passing r
1.0 : Please if you see this instructor listed for any course either online or in person drop the course  immediately! She is awful!
1.0 : Instructions unclear, seldom responds to email &amp; if a response is granted it is vague and off point. No constructive criticism on papers, only a grade with a single-word description of her impression (poor, grammar, weak:pick one).  She made rude, condescending and unprofessional comments to students on the public discussion board. Terrible!
2.0 : I would not recommend anyone to take him, but if you do study everyday. Buy the book
1.0 : do not take it My GPA 3.5 I drop his class He is very confusing. He lectures the easy problems and if you ask questions or for help he gets annoyed and you get made fun of. I ended up asking questions many others had but wouldn't ask to avoid his responses. He expects you to know ahead without considering some of us are there to learn!
1.0 : Houston ,worst at FAMU, assigns extremely large amounts of readings and only spends a second going over them, so you are basically left on your own regarding the work, she seems to like to hear herself speak and barely interacts with the students. she  refused to give a review of any kind and as the student you're left guessing what to study.
1.5 : She isn't a bad person she will joke with you if you participate but please do not think you're getting higher than a B. She gave us class work and people was getting 59% wouldn't even give them a D on classwork. She enforces the attendance policy so dont skip. Basically only take this class if its your last option and if it is good luck
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! Houston's assignments are depressing and will be a reflection of your grade. She is not open to communication and does not provide the support that most professors give for students to succeed. Sometimes people are what they seem and she will smile in your face while knowing you are struggling. You won't know your grade
2.0 : She is a very tough grader and is unclear about assignments until after she grades them and then refuses to change them if she made a mistake. I was lucky that I took during summer session otherwise I don't know how I would have made it. I do not know how I end up with an A most of the class ended up with D's and F's.
3.0 : Attendance is critical and tardiness is unacceptable. Make sure you follow directions. Her assignments can be unclear at times, and she'll always refer you back to the handout. Don't write papers at the last minute! Give yourself time to revise because she's a very tough grader. Her class isn't overwhelmingly difficult. You just have to work hard.
2.5 : She grades so crazily. I put a lot of work into her assignments only to be greatly disappointed almost every time. Most students made it by with a C. The highest assignment grade she gave in my class was an 85, on a paper i turned in and that felt like an A+. Be ready to work hard and trying to understand her complex and detailedinstructions.
1.0 : Does not provide feedback or follow through on grading assignments despite inundating students w busy work. He is LAZY. My opinions are not based on the grade I earned. I am satisfied with it. Strongly encourage students to avoid taking any of his classes and advise employers to reconsider him for your institutionbusiness.
1.0 : He tends to be funny but class is boring. Just make sure you participate everyday for the points by doing the homework. the book is online, the exams are difficult. he talks mostly about himself and reads from slides.
1.0 : He is not helpful at all and doesn't help students. He will however pass you if you stick with the class to the end.
1.0 : This person is an unqualified individual, she expects the students to understand her, yet she doesn't understand herself. Trying to work with her is difficult. She doesn’t have faith in other students and the students can feel that. People are supposed to feel for one another to justify how another thinks and there is no connection with her.
2.0 : BEWARE! He's very knowledgeable of what he teaches but can not communicate AT ALL. You will have to teach yourself. His accent is very thick so you can barely understand him majority of the time, and he barely understands questions we have as students. 80% of his class time is talking about the syllabus and the other 20% is what will be on tests.
2.0 : Tough to understand at first. Bellarmine is a great teacher he is just very strict and loud. Sometimes he can be rude in a funny way but he gives alot of homework. If you turn an assignment in late and its correct, he'll give you an F for it. He calls you out on being on your phone or walking in class late.
2.0 : SHE IS THE WORST!!!! she has such an attitude about everything and everyone. she is crazy and assigns useless assignments that are due one after the next. I am a bio student and she assigns more work then a science class assigns, she thinks she is your only class! Stay far away from her!! try Na'ahma Ford took her and passed with a A she is AMAZING
1.5 : The class is most difficult because she is not a good teacher... her tests are from the book, basically if I don't come to class and don't listen to lectures I could do fine but I was really excited about Peds nursing and feel very let down after taking her class...
1.5 : Ughhh. Biology is not a hard subject but her accent makes everything difficult. Her attitude doesn't help either. So annoying. Tries to make you purchase way more material than necessary. Doesn't even post grades on blackboard, makes you come to office hours and doesn't care if you have class
1.5 : Do not take her. She was not helpful at all. Was extremely lazy
1.0 : Please don't take him if you have mother choice. Absolutely the worse teacher ever. Doesn't respond to emails. Teaches through discussion board. Just horrible.
2.0 : This class was very unclear for me and everyone else in the class. She is a very nice person but she isn;t one of the best professors in SBI
1.5 : Guirand's class was hard but easy. It was hard because she had a thick Haitian accent and because nothing was in her syllabus. She never lectured anything, you just had to study on your own. Tests were pretty simple though, and as long as you sign the online attendance &amp; do the assigned work, it's no way to get below an A or B.
1.5 : Don't do it to yourself. If you actually value your education more than getting a good grade for doing assignments that have ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with the class, don't take this class. She is the WORST prof I've had, and that's including a guy that just fussed at how disappointing America is during class. DO. NOT. TAKE. THIS. CLASS. Just... no.
1.5 : You will never understand what shes saying.I remember  one time she lectured for 5 minutes and I only got 3 words of what she said. Come to class for the attendance password or make good friends. Or even better DONT TAKE HER CLASS. if so your best friend will be a laptop and MYitLab. But its an easy teacher and she sweet just don't piss her off.
2.5 : Ms G is a very nice person she just has a communication issue besides that this class is very easy. If you show up and turn in every assignment you will pass. For the test and quizzes study quizlets. Also she does try to help you if you miss a test or something she may allow you to make it up during office hours. She also does online attendance
1.0 : This is the last resort if you have to take this course. Avoid Mrs. Guirand! You will not understand a word she says for one. She is never in her office during here office hours. If you desperately need help you will have to go to your classmates, and 910 your classmates won't be able to help because they will have the same problem as u.
3.0 : Yes, Professor Guirand has a heavy accent but DO NOT use this as an excuse not to participate and give effort. If you listen closely and ask her for clarification one on one at her desk, she will clearly state her expectations. Come to class, address her respectfully, take the assignments seriously (including MyITLab), and you will earn an A.
2.0 : Tests are not impossible she wants you to show all your work even for multiple choice problems. Gives random quizzes as soon as class starts which counts towards you grade. The homework is online as well as test reviews its worth a small fraction of your grade. Gets defensive when you ask questions as if you already have the answers yourself.
2.0 : Takes daily attendance which counts towards your grade. Gives no extra credit assignments teaches from slides gives online homework. The tests are not super hard but she rarely curves if one person makes an A . She gives a quick explanation for questions. She does not make this class interesting nor fun nor easy very dry and concise no creativity.
1.0 : I did not enjoy this class there are no study guides she teaches like you already know the information. If you ask a question she gets annoyed quickly so seek extra help elsewhere. There are usually 3 exams and a final. No extra credit opportunities at all. When i took her there were no reviews up and now i know and regret it immensely. Good Luck!
1.0 : DON'T TAKE HER! SHE IS THE WORST CHEM PROFESSOR IN THE WORLD!!!! HER REVIEWS ARE ONLINE AND POINTLESS. SHE ALWAYS ASKING IF WE HAVE ANY QUESTION AND GET MAD WHEN WE ASK. YOU MIGHT AS WELL TEACH YOURSELF; SHE SETS YOU UP FOR FAILURE! TAKE SOMEONE ELSE!
1.5 : It's a lot to say about White. She can be a tad bit rude and she is very slick. If she can't figure out the problem then she'll skip over the problem. Honestly if you BEG for help then she'll help, other then that nah. You can earn an A but you have to be on her all the time.
2.5 : Best chem lab professor. I'm not sure about her lecture, but there's way to much extra credit to fail lab. She wants her students to succeed and she will help you if you need it. The test is departmentalized so there's no avoiding that, but I got a 49 on my final and she curved the whole class up 65%. 113% by the end. Take her if you love yourself.
1.5 : Be careful! She is strict af about attendance. She gives quiz in beginning of class and if you arent on time you miss out! Lab book and lab equipment are required. she doesnt accept copies of the lab book pages. Grades super tough on lab reports. Tests are similar to the quiz but tough. Take someone else!!!
1.0 : Horrible teacher. Needs to find a new profession. Teaching is not for you boo boo.
1.0 : DONT TAKE FIGGERS AT ANY COST!! If there's no more labs open wait until the next semester, she gives quizzes every classs and lab reports are due every Friday at noon. She grades super hard and even when you ask how she wants the reports she just smiles and brushes you off. This class can be an easy A with any other professor but figgers.
1.0 : I would not recommend anyone to take her. If a professor flat out says she does not care if she fails a student, that shows the lack of compassion that professor has for their students. Make sure you interact with your classmates because she does not explain anything and if you try to even ask a question, she will answer it with another question.
1.0 : If you can avoid this teacher then do it! I'm an A student and I'm struggling! The lab manual is mandatory and she will not accept copies once financial aid drops. Quizzes right when you walk into class. Instead of having a week to do the paper, it's due that week Friday at noon! She can be cool but for the love of God don't take her.
2.0 : She is tough for no reason if you don't ask questions and seem interested she won't help you. She is an ok teacher just don't underestimate her.
1.0 : She grades labs hard and unclear, would show up late to class, we NEVER got out early, she didn't help with labs until it was too late and we had to start over, she did cancel like two labs, she can be funny but its not that funny cuz you be annoyed by the class, she is sarcastic and prolongs the class period by being extra at the beginning
1.0 : Does not care about students and when asked what does she want for reports she just laughs at you and mocks.
1.0 : She is of no use and expects you to produce work that has not been explained!
1.0 : She doesn't know how to teach. She doesn't specify what she wants or expects from you. She teaches as if you already know the material. She catches random attitudes when you ask for help. She grades by who she likes. Me and another student had the same answers and they received a higher score.
1.0 : Terrible, if you want to improve your skills on C# i suggest you dont take her. But if u just looking to get pass the class without gaining any knowledge then RIGHT ON BROSIS.
3.0 : She was okay. She always had an attitude but try to get on her good side by small convo or going to her office hours. The class is passable. Just refer to your syllabus and assignment calendar and you'll be okay. I wanted an A but I was surely satisfied with a B considering I missed a couple grader projects, quizzes, and pre and post training.
1.0 : Instead of giving us supplemental material like programs to do for homework, she gave quizzes in class every day which ultimately hurt our grades. A student cannot learn anything if homework is not being provided. She did not put much effort into teaching this course and she was constantly tardy but did not want you to be.
3.0 : She was late to literally every class that was held this semester. But, if you get on her good side and she learns your name and face you'll be fine. Do all work ahead of time because he work is usually due before your class on blackboard. She isn't the best of teachers but, if you do what you have to do you'll get by.
1.0 : Please DO NOT take this professor if you can help it. He does not help you at all and barely explains anything. You still might fail the class even getting the book. If i wasn't thrown into his class just because he was the only one left, I definitely wouldn't take his class. I'm very good at Biology, earning A's in high school but he is terrible.
3.0 : he is an ok professor
2.0 : Dr. Shakir is an awesome professor. Some people will get easily offended if they do not understand his teaching style. It will be ok if he learns how to address the students. The class is simple if you read your book and attend his class. No test but the paper is enough to cover the test/quiz etc.
2.5 : He's very anal lets just say that. Cool person but has not problem of failing even if you got into pharmacy school or graduating.
1.5 : Avoid this teacher at all cost. Especially if you're graduating or trying to get into pharmacy school. Unlike others there was no rating about this teacher so I went in clueless. He wasn't helpful, used two different books. Most of the class failed, even though he dropped 1 test. Take this course wanother Teacher Belay, Williams,  even  Strohaber
1.0 : I'm sure at some point, she was an excellent professor. That isn't the case now. She regularly gets problems wrong. She will spend 15 minutes working a problem on the board only to arrive at an incorrect answer. I've even gone to her office for help, and was given incorrect information on how to solve problems. Avoid this professor if you can.
2.0 : Took during the summer. Super boring
1.0 : WORST TEACHER AT FAMU. DON'T TAKE HER EVEN IF SHE'S YOUR LAST OPTION. SHE HAS THE WORST DELIVERY FOR LECTURES. SHE'S CONFUSED ABOUT THE WORK HERSELF. SHE WONT EVEN TELL YOU HOW TO CORRECT ANSWERS YOU GOT WRONG. SHE CALCULATES GRADES INCORRECT. SHE WILL MESS YOUR GRADE UP. SHE WON'T POST GRADES ON BLACKBOARD SO THE ENTIRE SEMESTER YOU WONT KNOW.
3.0 : Let me start off by saying that Dr. Williams is a sweet lady. If you treat her with respect and kindly, you will have the same treatment returned by her. Having a good attitude is the first requirement for this course. If you take this class, I would highly recommend that you purchase the book because it has the majority of the information.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER! SHE IS HORRIBLE
1.0 : This class is difficult because of her teaching methods. She just writes tons of notes on the board and doesn't answer your questions specifically. She is hard to contact because she is never there for her office hours. She teaches out of the textbook and still manages to get her own problems wrong!
2.0 : i hated her class. her teaching is horrible and going to her office hours is no help. she can be rude, do your mymathlab assignments and pass her tests. her grading scale is soooo stupid.
1.0 : I BARELY passed her class. The way she gives lectures are absolutely awful. She just writes a ton of notes on the board, often gets the answers wrong, and when you have a question she can never give a straight forward answer. She doesn't put in grades until the last minute and is never in her office hours, and going to her office doesn't even help.
3.0 : Mr. Williamson is a bit sarcastic. He teaches the concepts pretty well but does the practice problems that are already worked out in the book. He moves pretty quickly, but if you don't understand he will definitely help you. Over all, he's a pretty good professor. I got an A.
1.0 : Grades very hard and doesn't do partial credit. Seems like he doesn't want t be a professor. Test and homework is all he does. Not allowed graphing calculators for test. A physics class based off of test only. If possible DO NOT take him!!
1.0 : He is a terrible professor. Doesn't give extra credit. No study guides nor reviews for exams. Take off points on the exam if he doesn't like how the answer is written. Sometimes he has an attitude when the class ask him questions. He really doesnt care about anything. Do not take his class!!
1.0 : HORRIBLE!!!!! PLEASE AVOID THIS MAN AT ALL COSTS! He's very sarcastic and rude when it comes to asking questions about something that you are unsure about. He only teaches from examples already worked out in the book so you don't learn about concepts much. Office hours don't help much. Very test heavy and takes off if you don't show all work. AVOID
3.5 : Very nice professor. Gives on line homework assignments that have questions very similar to the ones that will be on the tests. He moves kind of fast in class. Some days his tone is boring, other days he is very sarcastic and interesting. Works out many problems on the board in class and he will stop to help and make sure that everyone understands
1.0 : Do not take him!! He is VERY rude and does not seem to care about his students at all! He gives no points for partial credit.. if you make one mistake when working out a problem the answer is COMPLETELY WRONG! Avoid him if you can! Do not set yourself up!!
2.5 : Professor Micots, is a newest staff so it can be confusing figuring out her requirements.  The class altogether is not easy, much studying and prayer  is required.  To add on, not only do we have pop quizzes but her test cover up to five chapters. I took her two semesters, meets can be intense! You will need the book and much prayer!
2.5 : Professor Micots makes her lecture classes a bit intense. She reads from her text book most of the time and you cannot pass her class unless you have the textbook and pay close attention during her lectures. Effort and work is required. The test involves slide id's and an essay worth 40-50% she does give you a week to prepare. NOT ELECTIVE WORTHY!
1.0 : African american art history taught from a non-african american perspective is disappointing at a HBCU.  Doesn't seem to connect with or inspire students. Lectures are dry &amp; content uninteresting. Assigns 12-15 page paper.
1.0 : test are not easy, you have to memorize slide id's, 20 of them!!!! i think its too much , essay questions and multiple choice. i would not recommend this lecturer. DONT TAKE HER!
1.0 : I highly recommend you take someone else! Most difficult professor I've ever took his communication skills is very poor when explaining assignments and he expects you to already know everything. Doesn't teach at all, just assign assignments every class. As I've stated before I highly recommend you take someone else!
1.0 : She is not great at answering questions and her lectures are very boring quick and hard to understand. If this is your first time taking calculus this would not be the class for you. This class takes a ridiculous amount of your time just for you to make a passing grade.
1.0 : She is not a good professor. She is very rude. She does not like to help students. FAMU has an automatic 15pt curve on all chem classes, and had to curve our class 10 more points because she's an idiot. Last semester, half the class failed, and only 1 person made an A. This means an A was a 75%. They won't do that for your class. Don't take her!
1.0 : She reads of the powerpoints and expects us to know everything. She isn't prepared to teach organic at a level of understanding at the easiest level. She rarely does any practice problems. I do not recommend her to anyone that wants to learn and actually feel prepared for organic 2.
1.0 : Terrible professor! She doesn't teach, just reads directly from powerpoints.  She lies and isn't willing to help students. When asking for help, she makes you feel dumb.
4.0 : You'll pass her class if you put in the effort. Organic Chemistry isn't an easy subject, so you'll have to work for it. She reads from the powerpoints and explains the material to the best of her ability. GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS FROM THE START! She's more willing to help if you don't come to  her office after you've failed your third exam.
3.0 : Dr. Sintijago is a good professor but sadly she is held back by the department. She will bend over backward to help the class. Organic chemistry is not easy by any means so buckle down. Stay on her good side and that stands for any Organic professor.
1.0 : Professor Lewis makes this EASYYYYY class very difficult. She asks for alot considering she doesn't teach, she simply reads from the slides. During presentations, PLEASE WEAR A BLAZER ! If you don't she will say it is not "professional" and dock you major points. If someone else is teaching it PLEASE take them.
3.0 : Really cool, but she makes the class hard I would take this class online before taking her, but the test weren't  that bad just really gotta study, acronym quiz3 cover over 60 words per quiz but only cover 15, group projects easy but FOLLOW DRESS CODE!!! She's a great teacher that makes you put in a effort, not bad if you just study and follow Dire
1.0 : Tends to lecture about subjects that are not on topic with the course. He is also is known for changing the grading rubric mid-semester. Professor Johnson will constantly be late to class, sometimes over 20min, but will expect you to attend class. You will have to wait on him for meetings as will. DO NOT TAKE ANY COURSE WITH HIM.
1.0 : This is a self taught class. His test are hard because you barely receive all the material for the test. He is not understanding, it is his way or the highway. He is barely there and have 3 other assistants that are not easy to understand. DO NOT TAKE THE CLASS !!!!!
1.0 : Barely showed up to class leaving us with TA's but grading as harsh as he did, "HUGE" projects were useless towards our grade. Quizzes and study guides were useless. Stressing as hard as we did for a professor that didn't put in half the work into teaching. Over 50% of his class failed, just an idea of whats expected if you choose this professor
