1.0 : He just reads from slides and doesn't give good grades. None of my colleagues liked him, I wonder how he is still a professor at MST and who selected him in the first place.
1.0 : Worst class I ever enrolled. To be honest , you are wasting your valuable time picking up his course. He does not teach anything except for boasting himself for his past works and reading some research papers. Not a good communicator though! Grades you low if you are a new student under him!! Not a single quality to appreciate!
1.0 : He is very hard to communicate with,  never understood students' questions,  turn a interesting subject boring, he reads old slides, tests are ridiculous and do not match what he teach. We had a guest lecture one time by a grad student who teaches ten times better than him.(I am a straight A student, I do work, and I am being honest)
2.0 : Absolutely useless. He's unable to communicate any of his database knowledge to the class while using prebaked slides. Is only interested in research and is quite rude.
1.0 : He doesn't care if you are learning, is condescending and has the crappiest material possible (slides). He needs to learn how to communicate. His homework description isn't clear, he'll just write it in two lines, no explanations whatsoever and then cut marks because you didn't meet his expectations. Is highly biased and unorganized.  you won't learn
1.0 : If you join for MS under him,make sure you have ur money. He pays for only 1-2sem. U have to do GUI, take help from friends or hire someone in India to do it.Never let him know that you don't know or can't do it.Do an impressive GUI,so he feels confident of you.For thesis just mix a bunch of papers,add result without simulation. He doesn't know.
1.0 : Very mean terrible advisor. Have zero knowledge of subject just bluffs some words from papers to show he is hero. He is the only one who accepts crap as thesis copied from bunch of papers results without experiment but still publishes because of links. To graduate u need to feed praise and pamper him. Do it the way he does with his colleagues.
1.0 : He has the charisma and inherent likability of a brick wrapped in a holocaust denial. Spends the entire class mumbling, occasionally gestures to the slides (which he's taken either from the book or from another Prof). That being said, the tests were open book and open notes, so it was pretty easy.
2.0 : I regret taking his class Intro to Neural Networks. There was no clarity in his teaching methodology and was so confusing. I used the help of my classmate (who had prior knowledge of neural networks) to finish my homeworks.    He didn't even give a break during the 2.5 hour lectures.
2.0 : Damm easy class. Okafor is a confused guy. Just reads the stuff . CNC course is easy and may be helpful for job ( as per okafor). His book is okay and explains all. Hands on experience on the CNC machine is goodone...
1.5 : Okafor simply displayed the pages directly from the book on the projector and passed that off as "teaching." He is very direct and can come off as intimidating at times. He keeps all the tests, and you have just your homework and 500+ page book with no table of contents (hopefully he changes that) to study from. At least the tests were reasonable.
4.0 : Wasn't a fan of his book but it was one of the most reasonably priced books I've bought. He does leave some formulas out of the book(i.e. Only gives metric sometimes but homework problem doesn't ask for metric). His tests were basically the homework repeated. He breaks everything down into pieces well so the problems are easy to do/follow.
1.0 : Don't take his course. useless costly textbook. A dumb guy.
1.0 : Earlier i also didn't take his class as i was advised by one of the student. But to complete to course requirement i had to take 2012 class and was HORRIBLE. I wonder why he is a Professor......
1.0 : I have this guy for Dynamics. Literally the worst professor ever. One time he straight up taught us the next lecture instead of the one we were supposed to do that day. He forgets everything. Tells worthless stories. Jabbers nonsense while writing on the board. If you have this guy, you are better off skipping class and reading the book yourself.
1.0 : Where do I begin... Good ole Daniel Stutts is the worst professor at Missouri S&amp;T.  He taught the completely wrong lecture and instead of offering to just switch topic dates, he told us to read it on our own.  He clearly doesn't care about this class as he is always disorganized and can't do simple algebra and calculus and tells us to "ponder" it.
1.0 : Disorganized, unclear, harsh, and unfair. I wish I weren't exaggerating. He does nothing to ensure that you understand the material. You'll probably have him for 242. I'm sorry. When you make your presentation, go to other professors for help.
1.0 : Always telling students in lecture to ask questions, someone does, he calls them stupid, says it's obvious, and doesn't answer it. Repeat.
1.0 : Here is a story... He asked if anyone had questions on the current assigned homework before starting his lecture. (ok cool, Right) No.  One kid was asking about a problem and instead of helping explain to the class he says, "Sounds like an IQ problem to me. Any other questions?"  Somehow got a B.. I don't know hot to do controls. Worst teacher.
1.0 : Here is a story... He asked if anyone had questions on the current assigned homework before starting his lecture. (ok cool, Right) No.  One kid was asking about a problem and instead of helping explain to the class he says, "Sounds like an IQ problem to me. Any other questions?"  Somehow got a B.. I don't know hot to do controls. Worst teacher
1.5 : She reads straight from the book. but translates it to make it ten times harder than necessary. I am always confused during lectures, but when I do the chapter problems the day before the test, it clicks.  Tests are open book, and just on understanding the process, no tricks and fairly easy.
1.0 : He shows his intelligence in his question papers. Never helpful.
1.0 : He reads slides in a monotone voice, and explains nothing. His assignments and tests are practically an automatic A, but you learn nothing in the process. I'm not sure why I even went to class.
1.0 : He just reads off the PowerPoints.  He shows some videos, but you could watch How It's Made and get a better idea of what's going on. It's really easy to fall asleep while he is talking, but he posts the PowerPoints so you can just skip class and go over the PowerPoints on your own time.
1.0 : Don't even try to take more than one class with him. He's awful at conducting, he talks half of the rehearsal time, and he treats the students like crap. Not a professional.
1.0 : Conducting skills are poor. Even though rehearsal starts at 7 this professor doesn't show for at least 10 to 15 minutes. At the same time don't expect to get out early. If you come from even a slightly talented background you will be disappointed.
1.5 : Worst professor I had out of eight years of college. His attitude is not conducive to learning and his values are not aligned with those of MS&amp;T.
1.0 : She is ignorant in the area she study, making the class so easy. Can you believe that an associate professor do not know anything about math? Every question i asked can not be answered, and query me that' is this question really useful for you?' LOL! Go back to be a farmer is the best choice for her.
2.0 : The class could be great but he is not a very helpful teacher. He has us read the chapter and submit questions on BB. He lectures over a packet of our questions for 1 hr 15 min instead of just teaching material so we know what he's looking for. The best part is the simulation you do with a group.
4.0 : Great teacher who likes subject matter and students. There is a long group project that takes several weeks to complete and finished with a presentation, which is harshly graded.
2.0 : The weirdest teacher I have ever had! You get one test at Mid term is 40% of your grade and is all essay questions. Then after the midterm you get in groups and you only come in 30 mins a week with your group and discuss what you have been working on. He cusses a lot and references drug uses. Weird guy, but fairly easy class.
2.0 : Probably one of the worst teachers I've ever had. He's pretty smart, but he doesn't know how to teach or explain anything. Very nice guy. can't teach at all. Do not take his class.
1.5 : She can be a nice person, but she forgets a lot and this often causes issues with your grade. What she wants you to do is often vague and confusing.
1.0 : Worst teacher I've ever had in my life. Cannot speak English hardly at all, frequently makes mistakes on the simplest problems, and is very unhelpful, mostly because she has no idea what she is doing
1.0 : Does not cover the material on the test in class. Instead tells students to read the book. Rambles off topic for most of the class period. Tests are all formula and math based. These are not taught in class.
1.0 : He lectures about anything from the stock market to his old jobs in the hospital.  Awful, awful teacher.  NEVER take his classes.  You have to go to class and are forced to listen to his ranting.  He constantly changes assignment dates and his tests are impossibly hard.  Save yourself and just do not go through the nightmare that I have experienced
3.0 : Here is an honest review for Harvey's BUS1110 course. Harvey is a great speaker and nice guy, but he does ramble on about his experiences working at the hospital and Allstate. He essentially bases his grade on the midterm and final, however, the last class period before each test, he reviews with us. Inspiring speaker, but a lackluster professor.
2.0 : Cottrell is very knowledgeable, but the instructions for assignments can sometimes be vague and confusing. He moves through the lecture material fast. You're pretty much on your own learning labview, and will need it dearly unless you have a file. Many assignments do not change, and there are no formal tests or final exams. Project based class.
3.5 : Very knowledgeable. This class takes an immense amount of work for 2 credit hours. I learned more in this class than I did my regular 3 credit hour classes. He'll be changing up the class soon (there was a lot of cheating this semester) so your files will not be of much use!
1.0 : Hard to talk to, useless in lecture, and assigns time consuming homework. Takes class way too seriously, but everybody gets an 'A' pretty much. Unavoidable though, so it doesn't matter.
1.0 : Terrible, but no other options. Gives out large number of 'A's.
1.0 : A horrible teacher overall. I had her for macroeconomics and she didn't even cover whole chapters before tests. Expect to learn all the material outside of class.
1.0 : Does not teach and knows it. Has irrelevant lectures where only 3% matters. Canvas is disorganized. Gives great extra credit at the end. Study with test files to pass. Get in GroupMe for homework. DO GAME WELL! And go to game fair!!!!
1.0 : I'd avoid taking macroeconomics from Steelman. The lectures are very long and very boring. She teaches by reading off of a powerpoint, and sometimes the powerpoints are unclear with what she's trying to get across. She does weird class experiments (ie. Doing push ups vs. Texting) and wastes class time by showing irrelative videos.  Avoid Steelman!
1.5 : Not a terrible instructor, but at best, she is awkward and unclear. If you go to class, read the textbook, and pay attention to her, it's not hard to get a good grade. She is a pretty awkward and uninteresting lecturer, though, so it is probably best to read the textbook and get some older tests. Tests are difficult, but relatively predictable.
1.0 : Lecture was so boring. All she did was read off a powerpoint pearson's provides. She posts the powerpoint on blackboard so going to class was a waste of time. She did have pop quizes but they were online and you could use the powerpoints on it and it would be word for word from it. Easy class but did not learn anything from it.
1.0 : I took intro to micro with dr phillips and had every intention of taking macro with her but for some odd reason they replaced her. I got an A in both classes but everything I knew in macroecon was from having taken microecon.  Will be changing majors soon.
2.0 : Doesn't know how to teach, very soft spoken, my 1 hr and 15min class is full of awkward silences. She will explain something one day and then next day it will be wrong. Test questions are poorly worded and very confusing and she often can't explain why the right answer is correct. Gives out extra credit, take advantage of it all! You'll need it!
1.0 : I did get an 'A' in this class. However, it was only because of all the extra credit she offered. She realizes that she is not a great teacher, and so provides ample opportunity for extra credit. As a GPA buffer, Dr. Ichim works. If you want to understand the material, I would pick a different professor.
1.0 : Easily have an A due to all the extra credit, but nobody in the class has any clue what's going on.
2.0 : Has an accent. Hard grader but good material taught.
1.0 : Absolute worst teacher I have ever had. Her slow monotone accent is kind of hard to understand but nearly impossible to pay attention to. She has good slides, but her explanations do more harm than good. She constantly asks for questions but can never answer them. If attendance wasn't part of the grade, her class would be empty, and better off.
2.0 : Has a hardish to understand accent.
2.0 : boring lectures. gets confused when students ask questions. textbook was required but only for one homework assignment. tests require a lot of unnecessary memorization.
1.0 : Terrible teacher. Tests are nearly entirely memorization. Has a hard time answering questions. Her slides are mostly copy/pasted from other school's websites. Doesn't give enough time to adequately complete the group projects she assigns.   In her defense the entire course is not well thought out but she decidedly did not help.
2.0 : First project is easy, second project is long and much harder since she didn't explain much. There isn't much homework. Tests are bad due to the amount of memorization required, although there is extra credit. Lecture slides are terribly boring, and several people asked Dr. Morales for help because Choo couldn't answer students' questions.
2.0 : Alley is a bad professor. She knows the material but she doesn't know how to communicate either the material itself nor the importance of it. She has a heavy accent, which makes it hard to understand her. And that's on top of her already not being a great teacher (not good at explaining things). We'd all stare blankly at her during class.
2.5 : Shows only examples and skips steps so you get lost in some of the work. Assumes all students learn the same way. Writes very small on the white board, talks at the board, and stands in front of work while showing it (students see start and finish, but not the middle). Doesn't explain or elaborate or questions.  Takes students questions offensively
1.0 : He is horrible! Do not take him whatever you do run! He teaches you things you don't need to know when there are still things to be learned with only a day left before a test. When you raise your hand for help during a test to ask a question he either pretends he doesn't see you and he's working on something else or he walks over to your very slow.
1.0 : Course coordinator for Calc 3. Made tests impossible to finish and then refused to curve the grades. If you went to his office hour, He would laugh in your face.
2.0 : Grades excessively harsh for an entry level technical communication course. He is  arrogant and abrasive in his lectures, and his lectures are essentially useless. Sadly enough, attending class is mandatory so it's essentially an hour wasted. Very nitpicky-takes off points for ridiculous reasons. I recommend taking the class with someone else.
1.0 : Terrible professor- He doesn't teach the material at all, only does examples- And often makes mistakes. Sitting in class, I often ask myself why I even come to class.
1.0 : All he does is give you the answers to the homework and go over the homework that's due next class. He does very little lecturing or teaching. The book is optional for the course, but its an amazing resource to have if you want to learn the material beyond a 10-15 video the T. Swift does. Although I wouldn't recommend using the practice problems.
3.0 : Brash, authoritarian. Don't take what he says personally. Unclear grading policies and course objectives, hard to understand the lectures if you don't read beforehand. He is good at explaining things if you ask him. If you show an effort, he will help you. Take Lin instead if you can. Otherwise, read ahead and participate if you want to learn.
1.0 : This guy is really rude and a bad teacher. He just reads off his crappy slides and expects you to understand. Not helpful at all, the assignments sometimes unrelated to what we did in class. The project he has us do was completely unreasonable . W/ him, its always the students fault. I'd rather have sabberwahl, at least hes not mean/rude.
2.0 : No MATLAB at all so you dont have even practice to see how control theory works.
2.0 : Doesn't speak English well enough to articulate the material. The lectures lack organization, flow, and proper examples. He seems to be very disorganized in general. Also, loves to randomly call on students to come up to the board to put them on the spot.
1.0 : 350 characters is not enough to explain why you shouldn't take his classes. The lectures can be amusing but the homework is excessive, he will not give any hints as to what will be on the exams, and no amount of preparation will help you. Avoid him at all costs. I would rather slit my own throat before being in his class again.
1.0 : Dr. Markowsky seems like a nice person, but he actually couldn't care less about anyone's grade. The fact that he tried to fail an entire class of graduating seniors + graduate students is BEYOND me. I wish I had more than 350 characters to describe how infuriating it was to deal with this man as a professor. Try to avoid at all costs. Not worth it
4.0 : Cool guy, would grab a beer with him. Class is roughskis. But if you do you work you should do fine.
