2.0 : Contracts in 1L: Nice throughout the semester, and surprise you in the final exam with an epic 65 multiple choices close book.
5.0 : :)
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER FOR FIRST YEAR SEMINAR, I REPEAT, DO NOT TAKE HER SEMINAR. This class had the most work out of all of my classes, including my major classes. It was tedious and honestly the worst class I have ever taken, not to mention she never gives you your grades back, so you have no idea how you're doing in the class.  Tests are short answer.
1.0 : Horrible experience, she had unrealistic expectations for the class. Her tests were confusing and her assignments were disorganized and irrelevant. There's a ton of extra reading required. Tapper is very unsympathetic and cold when trying to discuss things with her. Definitely not what you'd expect from a Pepperdine professor.
1.0 : NEVER TAKE HER CLASS NO MATTER WHAT She made me hate chem AVOID HER. PERIOD.
5.0 : Idk why he has bad reviews he's a great professor. He's so involved with his students. Will stay after class to help u understand the subject fully. Will even show up on days that are not assigned to review for a test. He is always available  if u need help great professor . He seems unorganized but it gets better trust . Take his class!
1.0 : Terrible professor. Really shouldn't be teaching. If possible, avoid taking a course with him.
4.0 : Lectures are great. You will reads a lot, and be prepared for a short quiz (5 to 10 questions) at the beginning of every lecture.
4.5 : Professor Welday really wants his students to strive and actually learn. He can be a bit challenging. He never says no to helping students. He puts countless hours to helping his students who are struggling with the material like me. He's extremely fair and if he notices something's wrong with the test he gives extra points. Amazing teacher.
1.0 : Took this as a summer class to knock out a GE. We covered approx. 20% of the material that the syllabus stated we would cover. 80% of the material we actually covered in class had nothing to do with the course guidelines, but this never stopped him from from testing primarily on this material. If you prefer typing notes or using e-books, don't take
1.0 : Definitely the worst professor I have taken at Pepperdine! No clear grading criteria. Very disorganized and unprofessional. Often rude and narrow-minded. Avoid if possible
1.0 : Horrible professor
4.0 : I don't know why there are bad reviews... Prof. Mather is a smart and insightful teacher. His sarcasm should not be taken at offense, but rather challenging you. He does not baby you, he pushes you to think outside of the box! Great Professor in my opinion.
1.0 : Mather is a very harsh professor. He grades very few things and it is difficult to follow his lectures, you don't know what is his opinion and what is the material. Often it doesn't seem relative to the class and more his views.
1.0 : No clear grading criteria and it's very hard to get feedback on grades
1.0 : Mather is a great professor to take!.. if you want to be disrespected, poorly challenged, and treated like a 10year old in a university classroom. From the very first day, he told a student with a Disabilities Service Accommodation to drop the class even though she was given permission to use her laptop to take notes. Arrogant, crude, &amp; so fragile.
3.0 : If you do your homework and pay attention in class, you will do okay. He is a super friendly teacher, funny in a quirky kind of way. He does make mistakes while working problems out sometimes, but he usually catches himself. I overall enjoyed his class.
1.5 : Very nice and very shy. He wants to make students happy and comfortable in the class, but doesn't succeed. He has no backbone and needs to learn to discipline students so they won't disrespect him. This was supposed to be an easy GE class but even for someone who is good at math this will be a challenge. The curriculum is too advanced.
1.5 : Class is very confusing, Highfield often makes errors teaching that the class has to correct him on. He is not clear when introducing a new concept. The no-calculator policy makes things tough as well. If you have to take a class with him I would strongly advise finding another teacher because Highfield, while a very nice guy, is not a good teacher
1.0 : Seriously if you read this and still want to take him or this class it's your own fault
2.0 : Easy Class. Show up on speech days. Thats the most important
1.0 : Very nice guy but has no clue how to teach college students. Curriculum is beyond difficult (and that's coming from the daughter of a physics teacher...) and tests are impossible. Class averages were below 50%. Took him in 2012 so it's possible he's gotten better, but don't count on it. He is an astrophysicist with almost no teaching experience.
1.0 : Legitimately the WORST teacher I have ever had. Gives zero instruction on what to do in a given problem and just stares at her students while none of them has an explanation. She grades harshly and is not helpful whatsoever in her office hours. DON'T TAKE HER
1.0 : Legitimately the worst teacher I have ever had. AWFUL just got my first midterm back in her class and I got a 61% on it after studying for a week. AWFUL AWFUL person...
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER WHATEVER YOU DO!!! AWFUL AWFUL WAY OF TEACHING!!! If you can even call what she does teaching. I just received my first midterm grade and it was a D after studying for hours. I emailed her about it when class was over and I got my test back and she said that I should drop the class because I don't have the skills needed. WHATEVER
1.0 : If there was an award for worst Professor in America she was be the Champion without competition. I have never had a worst teacher in my life. I have never received less than a B on any exam here at Pepperdine and she gave me a 58% on the midterm. I went to her office hours right after and she said that I need to change how I learn in her class.
1.0 : IF I could give her a ZERO I would she is the rudest professor I have ever had here at Pepperdine University. I normally do not like to complain however, she is a monster Professor. She can not explain anything but wants us to explain it, I am having to drop the class due to my D on the midterm. She really wants you to fail the class!
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER! At this point she just trashed me in her office for 15min saying I need to change how I learn because that is how the real world is, while she isn't even in the real world herself. I am contemplating becoming homeless because I hate her class so much!!!
1.0 : This is the most awful professor you could ever take at pepperdine due to her inability to make students comfortable or feel intelligent. Demands WAY too much for a GE and the structure of her course is ridiculous. You will feel like you are taking an upper division capstone instead of a GE. DO not take this course with this professor.
1.0 : Did not explain anything. Gives a question and has you do it as a group every class but never tells us whether we've done it right or wrong so you never know how to do the tests. She's a terrible teacher you won't learn anything unless you can figure it out for your self.
1.0 : Doesn't give clear instruction then grades very harshly. I have had several conversations with her about my grades and why she gives me such low scores when my answers are correct and she has responded "I want to push you" or "I think you are capable of more". If she doesn't like you, you won't do well.
1.0 : The worst teacher I have had at Pepperdine. She does not teach at all and does not help you when you go to business hours
3.0 : It isn't the hardest math class but it isn't easy. She is a decent, approachable person who helps if you ask for it but her grading is somewhat inconsistent. A person can get full points even for having wrong answers on hw problems. It can lull you into a false sense of confidence until the exam which is far more harshly graded.
1.0 : She is a horrible professor!!!!! She does not teach at all during class and is not helpful during business hours. She grades extremely unfair and does not give any feedback.
1.0 : Takes himself and his class way too seriously, would not suggest his class whatsoever. Loves to put people on the spot and make them look foolish.
4.0 : Professor Varun was most likely one of my favorite professors. Although he can get a tad boring during his lectures, he genuinely cares about the well-being of his students. His tests are not awfully difficult, just make sure to take notes of EVERYTHING on his Powerpoints.   Also, you shouldn't have to read the textbook. Take notes instead.
1.0 : Pointless assignments Assignments not relevant to program Lots of busy work Very long lectures Should utilize face to face time and discussions
1.0 : Varun is a really really boring lecturer and during his lectures he will take any chance he gets to shout out his movies that he produced. He claims they are really good and so dramatic that people faint, but the Hollywood Reporter gave him a 0 out of 100. His tests do not reflect his teachings at all and he refused to release notes to the class.
1.0 : He is honestly the worst professor I've ever had. He basically just read off his PowerPoints, and lectured for what seemed like forever. I feel bad because he always tried to make his lectures interactive, but like no one raised their hand. He made us do pointless group discussions all the time. And his exam questions are confusing.
1.0 : Do not EVER take this professor. If you get placed in his class, find a way out of it ASAP. He is extremely confusing and I leave class more confused than when I walked in. He may know how to do the math, but he has no clue how to teach. All the students are struggling and having to teach themselves outside of class. I have never struggled so much.
2.0 : His midterm and final are difficult and make up almost 60% of your grade.
2.0 : LAngford was an adjunct professor for a summer course. He gives a lot of work for a G.E. couse. If you have the ability stay away from this course. He is a really tough grader and expects alot from his students. Never will take him again.
