1.0 : He is vague and unhelpful. If you seek clarification, he will shrug you off. Master of hide the ball.
1.0 : Worse instructor I have ever seen. Capricious and tyrannical in her tone.  Nit picks everything. Very pompous and makes sure the student gets broken down. Doesn't like deep and creative thought.
1.5 : By far one of the hards English classes I've ever taken. Expections are not clear. Very critical, harsh grader and if you don't have the same opinion as her you're wrong. Assignments and deadlines are a bit unreasonable.  One week left of this class and I can not wait until its over. Avoid this professor, would never recommended.
3.0 : I am in complete agreement with the past two comments. Very hard to please and is always hyper-critical. It is only the third week and my grade for the discussion posts and assignments are a little low due to her over critizizing nature. Indeed there are far better English professors at Regent that are far better than her. I do not recommend her.
2.0 : Harsh grader and hyper critical. Never satisfied with your work; even if you make revisions. Never is consistent with expectations and directions. I seriously do not recommend her.
1.0 : This professor is by far the worst professor I have ever had. After having 20+ professors in my college career so far, she has graded my work the most poorly out of any professor I have had. She has unclear expectations and when you ask for clarity, she meets your questions with vagueness and a condescending attitude. I hope I never have her again.
2.5 : Worst English professor at Regent. Harsh grader, hyper critical, and is never consistent with her expectations. Try to avoid her.
1.5 : When it comes to creative writing courses, she's okay. But when it comes to courses about writing essays and analysis's she can be the worse. I would not recommend her.
1.0 : Expectations should read clearly for assignments in a class that is designed to teach clarity in writing. Hmmm...
2.5 : He responds only the first two weeks and ignores your response the rest of the class time through email notification. He is very judgemental of discussion post and doesn't look for an understanding of the material in the post but for you to articulate biblical scriptures at his level of knowledge.
2.5 : Arrogant instructor, unclear on what he wants. Gave out 100's and 95's all the way up until the last week and then slams you on the final paper - which is where most of the work gets put into. I'd say - he doesn't respect the fact that students actually pay a lot of money to learn --- Extremely uncharacteristic of Christian Leadership.
2.0 : Very discouraging professor with constantly unstated expectations. Grades according to unclear criteria and you need to know how to read his mind in order to answer correctly. He asks open ended questions and then makes you redo your work to get his answer. His grading is not timely and he even got my name wrong on comments. Avoid at all costs!
1.0 : The worst I ever had. He was rude, disrespectful and very arrogant. He know his information but just book knowledge. However, unable to convey what he knows to his student and indirectly berates them. I would avoid at all cost.
1.0 : Verbois will test your Christianity, he is an awful teacher. His lectures are spoken very fast making them impossible to understand. If you are even an hour late with an assignment you will receive a zero. Online classes are supposed to be flexible for adult students (Verbois is not). You have been forewarned, take his classes at your own peril!
5.0 : Though not easy by any stretch, Verbois is a great professor.  He is incredibly knowledgeable and willing to take time and talk with you if you're having trouble.  By far the most rewarding experience I had in undergrad.  If you want real, valuable education rather than rather than online-gimme-credits, I highly recommend Prof. Verbois.
1.0 : Disorganized. Unrealistic expectations. Poorly communicated his expectations, or communicated expectations after the fact. Harsh grader. His class was the first class in my whole education experience that I had to take a WF, normally I get A's.
1.0 : Terrible teacher. Seems to have no little or no patience or understanding of the concept of adult or online learning. His weekly schedule of work and due dates is unrealistic and actually goes against school policy. In my undergrad career, I have never made less than a B and in fact I entered his class with a 4.0. I leave with a D. Be warned.
3.5 : Dr. Verbois is a great lecturer and I got a lot out of his class. He makes you work and you should do the readings to do well. His tests are tough but fair, and you need to put time into your papers to do well on them. He helped my writing a great deal, and he motivated me to work hard all semester. Tough, but fair. Class discussions are fantastic!
1.0 : Awful. Way too much reading.  Terrible lectures: very unclear and scatterbrained.  Hardest class and it wasn't even a major related class.
1.0 : Did not care for this professor. He was vague in what he expected and was a very tough grader. The problem was he didn't give you any ideas as to how to improve. Drop his class if you can.
3.5 : I took this class online and found Gary Grimm to be heavily involved in the class.    Prof. Grimm made sure to comment on every initial post in the discussion board.  The assignments were frequent, but easy.  Tests are hard and long.  On the whole, he is a great teacher who will give you an easy A so long as you complete the assignments.
1.0 : She is completely wishy-washy and seems to not be able to justify her grading system. Going to class is useless but mandatory. Bad technique teaching skills.
1.0 : Unfortunately, she leaves major assignments for the last 3 weeks of class. She randomly knocks off points without reason. She indirectly insults students during lecture. Speaking of lecture, it's not about the course theme but ALL how to complete her assignments. If she has to do that then it proves how vague she and the syllabus are. You're warned
5.0 : I found Dr. Runyan to be funny and smart. Collaborate sessions were focused and she used the time well. She did spend time answering questions about assignments but I suspect that is because some students do not read the syllabus carefully. I appreciated that she was willing to put our questions first and then get to lecture.
3.0 : Dr. Runyan does NOT follow what is documented on the syllabus andor blackboard in regards to assignment guidelines. She preaches "follow the rubric" but she makes changes to the rubric and does not document these variations. Also, she does not adhere to the due dates that are on blackboard. This professor lacks clarity and consistency.
1.0 : Too much group work for an online class, she grades grammar, semantics and APA  style as if she were an editor. Grades harshly, too sarcastic and rude. She is tough on the 200 word min wkly discussion posts yet doesn't  offer a decent commentary. I would rather miss a semester than take her again. Very heavy workload with 1-2 assignments due weekly
1.0 : She does not follow her own syllabus. You have to do 2 group projects, 24 blackboard posts up to 250 words, and 3 term papers in 8 weeks!! She is very rude and not understanding at all. I will never take her again. She also takes points off your attendance without a real reason, She grades at random.
3.0 : Attitude towards class depends on the kind of day she was having.
1.0 : Does not follow syllabus &amp; what is written on it is not clear. The online class met only 2x and the 2nd time was strictly to review the numerous assignments due to original information being unclear. Little to no lecture was given which resulted in little learning. Textbooks are used simply for discussion posts. Was rude &amp; critical to students
1.0 : A lot of group projects for an online class that has a short duration. Only met 2 times which was not enough. No lecture was given at all. Zero learning occurred. Does not follow syllabus &amp; is unclear with the massive amount of assignments that are required. Was abrasive &amp; rude to students. Makes you feel uncomfortable.  Inconsisent with grading.
1.5 : didn't really help or get back to questions you have in a timely manner. only taught like 2 classes the whole semester and had her teacher aid teach and grade everything because she was to busy to teach. Does not care that you have other classes and assignments. Isn't willing to change anything if everyone is having difficulty with something.
1.0 : This professor has an avoidance of helping students. Brushing off my intelligently phrased emails with "consult the publisher." or "see tech support." for a math related question.  Really? Seeing what little interaction she had with students and answering questions, I could've easily taught this course as an undergraduate student.
1.0 : Read the books. They're awful, but essential. All work is online via Bb. Quizzes are generic and irrelevant--read and remember tiny details. TALK IN CLASS. Give your opinion, Prof. Gopal loves it. I hate to say it but here's the worst part.   Does not give A's.  Sorry guys. Maybe it was just my class of 36, but no one made an A.
1.5 : There were grading delays which left me wondering if I was doing enough or meeting expectations on assignments, as I continued to submit them. There were several miscommunications on due dates and pending grades. The professor was, however, responsive to emails.
1.5 : Does not provide much feedback on assignment grades or reasoning.  Must go back and forth several e-mails to get any information.  Very inflexible.
1.0 : I suggest you do not attend her class if you can.
1.0 : Had her online and she lives out in California. Acted as if she didn't want to be emailed or called because she was too busy having lunch during her office hours. Her quizzes have trick questions, many online  IT errors and blames on the school rather than taking responsibility.  Overall because  of her I lack two point she from being on the deans
5.0 : Discussion posts and 2 responses a week. 3 papers and 2 quizzes. The quizzes are difficult because there is no study guide so you don't know what the quizzes will include. She cares about how you write your papers and does take points for late work. Very nice teacher.
4.5 : The tests are hard there is no guide or sample for you to study so it's a guessing game and there are allot of questions but she does not time them. She is very nice and will help with any questions you have to the best of her ability. Expect to put in the work but it's fun and refreshing to have a nice professor willing to help.
1.0 : Not available outside of class. I was disappointed. Shouldn't be teaching because she didn't take the course seriously. Had frequent misspellings and seemed distracted. Finals worth 50% of your final grade but the course doesn't prepare you.
1.0 : Professor is inadequate for University level. Quizzes/tests/exam questions aren't covered in the textbook material. Read the other reviews. Get ready to read a ton and not learn anything that you will be tested on.
1.0 : What a shame. Course lacks substantive content from the instructor. The textbook was phenomenal. You will have long reading assignments each week (2 chapters) and discussion boards/papers/tests/Final. The textbook is underutilized. It's your money and your time. Avoid at your risk.
1.0 : Would not recommend. Worst class. Read the reviews before the semester, not sure why I took it but only have myself to blame.
1.0 : The tests are hard there is no guide or sample for you to study so it's a guessing game and there are tons of questions. Its timed, closed book, closed note, but doesn't matter because NONE OF THE QUESTIONS, ANSWERS OR TEST MATERIAL ARE IN YOUR BOOK! Hope your familiar with pop culture. Confused? you should be, because this class makes no sense.
1.5 : Worst professor I've had. No grades till week 3, 5, and again in 8. Had no idea how I was doing in the course, and no way of correcting my mistakes in working out the problems for the quizzes and exams. The video lectures were terrible and the text book was very confusing. High expectations for studentsVERY strict deadlines, but not for herself.
1.5 : Dr. Bumps was the worst professor I had at Regent. She should stick to accounting and leave teaching to the professionals. Her video lessons are poorly done and irrelevant, she does not teach material on the tests well. She will wait to grade assignments 3 weeks or longer and still expect you to learn without feed back. A lot of students dropped.
1.0 : Literally the worst teacher I have ever had, she doesn't answer question in class well. Most of the time she would say "I will get back to you on that" which meant "I have no idea what the answer is". I had to explain something in the book to her once. Like, what the heck. YOUR THE TEACHER! I literally got so mad during class I left multiple times.
1.0 : Gives you tons of assignments, expects to know exactly what she wants with out telling you,takes a week to finally get grades back to you and you have to email her for feed back which is always condescending and unhelpful,acts as if you're only taking her class, and treats everyone like your still in high school rather then the college senior you.
1.0 : If you have the option.  Switch instructors.
1.0 : I've loved my IT classes so far but she makes this class miserable.  Unrealistic expectations, no feedback other than to tell you to go back and find your own answers.   Would not recommend.
1.0 : The Worst Professor I have had thus far,  i'm not one to shy away from a challenge but the teacher makes the class and this class should be fun and informative but with that being said, here are the facts. class is on a Tuesday, expects a 3 page essay by Thursday APA Format, also a 400 word dialog also APA format and respond to 2 students as well.
5.0 : Miss LaCorte is engaging and has a heart for her students. She will go the extra mile for you if you just communicate with her. She wants you to pass not fail so if you fail its because you didn't try.
1.0 : You don't really learn much from her and her views on things can be very skewed. Easy class to pass. I always got 100% on my papers even if they were terrible.
1.5 : Good syllabus; good organization. Group project was a nightmare. The instructions were unlear, no rubric was provided, we were required to work with 6 people (smaller groups not allowed across the U.S.. The expectations were ambiguous and the assignment design was seriously flawed. Posted Deadline was inaccurate too. And, it was 30% of our grade.
1.0 : I probably should have dropped it when I could.
1.0 : Glad it's over. Worst class ever.
1.0 : This professor has the gift for making something that is perfectly simple become completely convoluted. She is very disrespectful towards students and is not very mature. Expect to hear many stories about her attending Harvard, clerking, and working for the Senate. The content of her classes was very confusing and disorganized. DO NOT TAKE HER.
1.0 : Each paper has multiple parts, each part has up to 10 subsections.  Even with that level of detail there are still uncategorized "notes" about the parts and subsections.  The requirements are needlessly complex.  You spend more time trying to fit paper into her parameters than in trying to come up with a good sourced narrative.  Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : She is a difficult professor and hard to please her. It is very rare to reach an A with her. Good luck with her!!
1.0 : Took this class with a couple years of java coding under my belt(didn't help me). The book used for this course did not explain concepts well at all, and trying to get help from Professor Owens was difficult. She just didn't seem to want to help us learn the concepts, nor did she offer outside resources to aid in our understanding. this class sucks
1.0 : Worst professor I ever had. Even for an online class but she was exceptionally distant from the students.  Never offered any help.  When asked for help on tough questions, she referred us to youtube videos instead of taking time to teach us.  We pay good money to be taught; I can go to youtube myself for free.  Recommend you avoid if possible.
2.0 : While he has lots of personal experience in the field, his ability to convey that information in the form of a coherent lecture is limited. Prefers to make students search for the information rather than show where to find it. Be ready to teach yourself and hear him for tidbits and such.  In regards to textbook, stays close to text.
1.0 : Rarely gives a straight answer. Often goes on long tangents during lecture. Sometimes comes off as condescending towards students and others. Terrible at conveying exact requirements of assignments; my grade suffered greatly because of this. Doesn't stick to the syllabus; was often left guessing if there was a test next session. Avoid if possible.
1.0 : No communication with assignment due dates. Contradicts himself over what is required by the students. Does not teach the material on the syllabus. Claims that he follows the syllabus to a T, but assigns questionable work.
1.0 : This was an online course. other than a syllabus, very little course content was provided. Many weeks of the course were left blank. This course had nine required textbooks and five suggested reading textbooks. The suggested reading turned out to be required. Instructor disappeared for a month leaving no instructions and submitted papers ungraded.
1.0 : Very nice lady but she is a terrible communicator. She literally doesn't tell you what she expects on 30 page papers and waits 3 days before the final due date to tell you that you did it all wrong and what she would like to see.
3.0 : Dr. Renz is a nice individual, but her grading style, however, is ambiguous and difficult to know what is expected. Regent, as a whole, likes to employ business people or former graduates as professors (specifically for masters and doctorate levels) who have no experience in teaching or grading. Students pay too much for inexperience.
2.0 : Dr. Renz does respond to student emails promptly if they reach out to her. However, I did not feel as though her expectations of the assignments were clear unless I submitted a non-mandatory draft to receive feedback. Also, I found her to nitpick more often than not. I will NEVER take her again, unless she is the absolute last option.
1.0 : Professor Milstein was difficult to pin down and does not give a lot of feedback.
1.0 : Does not give answer to you upon taking quiz/test and will not grade you fairly. expect a 80-90 every discussion board grade. Will challenge you and even have you stay in class longer than expected. Late reply on emails and speaks with a strong accent. beware...
4.0 : Dr. Shen cares about the students in his class, you will get out as much as you put into his classes. Highly relevant information in his class.  Book uses an online code so you can't skip on paying the $100 for the book.
1.0 : Started class off with the wrong syllabus, then 6 weeks into the eight week class wanted to enforce the correct one. The problem, none of the class had the new syllabus and didn't know to do the HW and would not be able to finish it all in time. Slow to grade all work, BAD at communication, and terrible at replying to emails.
2.0 : He does not set clear expectations and with an eight week class, that is imperative. Be prepared to send questions and emails back and forth.
1.0 : The grade you think you will get may be several percentage points lower at the end, because 70% of the weighted grade is given after you finish the course. Be aware of initial questions in the private talk prior to class starting which may or may not prejudice the grade. Scholarly support of all arguments, especially contrarian ones, is critical.
1.0 : Worst Class Ever!!
1.0 : Worst professor I've experienced at Regent University. Do not take.
1.0 : This professor has no clue. He expected us to know the information before we even took the class, and he doesn't tell you what you're being graded on until after you've turned the assignment in. Do yourself a favor and drop his class
1.0 : Horrible professor. Changes assignment details day before due date. Impossible to understand. Do not take a class with him.
