5.0 : Great prof. He really pushes you to work hard. If you do, you'll see great results.
1.0 : Spends too much time talking about his own experiences than the course material. Lecture notes not posted til a few days before the test, but aren't very useful since you NEED the book. Doesn't check his email. Made us memorize 34 songs for the first midterm, and didn't even test us on the interesting topics of jazz history.
1.0 : Honestly one of the worst professors at UW. He teaches jazz as if everyone present is majoring in music. This is by far the hardest 100-level class I have taken. There is no panapto and the random lecture information pops up on exams. First midterm was memorize 34 songs and understand 11 chapters of information. Good luck if you plan to take this.
1.0 : If you're taking this class with Marc Seales, well good luck. 1/4 of the class barely shows up, and he tends to talk a lot about himself. There's so much content that he could choose to test you on, but he'll use quotes that he puts in the powerpoint and basically says "Who says this" on the test.
1.0 : Not that great of a teacher.
4.0 : Marc is a professor who commands respect, but also has much to offer to his students.  Seales makes you think beyond the words written in the slides in order to learn this musical history. The best way to succeed in the class is to simply listen to the music. If you respect jazz, you will perform well. Marc's career stories are also fascinating.
1.0 : He hates it when your phone rings in class. He can be really intimidating but the class isn't hard to get a good grade. No homework.
1.0 : Marc Seales is by far the worst professor I have ever had. He is incredibly arrogant and spends lecture talking about himself. I never read the textbook and I went to class 4 times after the midterm and still got a 3.7. Do the extra credit!! Tests are ridiculously hard. We had to memorize 34 songs for the midterm and 50 for the final. Do not take!!
1.0 : Disgraceful! This one word defines this professor. He just talks and talks about himself, and his stories aren't even interesting or relevant to the material. And he tests hard even though he shows up like he is wacked out on something. UW should sit in on one of his classes. They will likely fire him after seeing how awful he is, if they care.
1.0 : Yikes. 90% of what he says in lecture is completely irrelevant to what's going to be on the test. The one saving grace of this course is that the slides wind up being posted on canvas, so you can make something out of the material for yourself. The lectures are almost completely pointless. I'm surprised it gets a decent turnout each day.
1.0 : i love jazz and wanted to learn more about it's origins and more about the genres. i learned about the genres more because the textbook and learned about the music on my own. the teacher sucks really bad and his exams are unfair and unstructured. we all say that most professors at uw get paid to do nothing but this guy is the extreme! dont take.
1.0 : Marc is one of the most self-centered people I have ever met. Most of the class time is spent listening to him talk about his career and experiences. He fails to teach most of the material and I did most of my learning by reading the book and attending "review" sessions held by the TA. He routinely shames students in front of the class for talking.
2.0 : Marc is an interesting lecturer, but he needs to focus on the content more and talk less about his experiences. Furthermore, it would be great if the assessments were based more on our learning rather than memorization, because of this I don't feel like I have learned much from this course.
1.0 : Horrible, his lectures are unorganized and almost nothing he says in lecture appears on the tests. Even the slides he posts on canvas if he ever does post them are so weirdly disorganized. Never any clarification on what exactly will be on tests. The good thing is you can skip class every day and if you study before tests you'll get a good grade.
1.0 : no one shows up they get tired of this joke called marc. he tries to hard to  appear interesting and tells you his life story, which is plain and kinda sounds made up. i wanted to give this class a review, but he left them outside the class room after showing up late and didn't tell us. he took them which should be reported to academic affairs.
1.0 : RUN FAR FAR AWAY WHILE YOU STILL CAN!!! THIS CLASS IS HORRIBLE!!!! He goes off on random tangents every class and there are no lecture slides or handouts to go by so you feel completely unprepared once the test comes. He tests you on who random authors are and why they are important yet he never he even talked about them! How is he still teaching?!
1.0 : Very unclear, very unorganized, grades without basis, rambles the entire class, will assign homework and then allow some people to do it in class anyway so it's pointless. Do not take his class it will be a waste of time
1.0 : Doug thinks that he knows France well, but he doesnot. He believes he that he knows how to teach but he does not. He is easily distracted by his own silly uninteresting and useless anecdotes. Most of the time he is messy and seem confused by his own thoughts. Avoid his class it's a waste of time and money.
1.0 : Doug was one of the worst professors I have ever had. His lectures are random and confusing and often interrupted by his uninteresting stories about France or his French family. His tests are impossible to do well on unless you memorize everything he has ever mentioned in class and then try to regurgitate it onto paper. Avoid him at all costs.
1.0 : Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad, worst teacher I've had yet. Seems like a nice guy (kind of) but is also quite insulting if you ask him for help or have a conversation with him. Sometimes he would let you out of class after 10 min, or his wife would come teach. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : This class was ridiculous. Your whole grade is based on quizzes that are comprised of trick questions and it doesn't matter how many times you read the assigned readings I guarantee you can't get a score higher than 5/10. The only way to pass this class is by doing an insane amount of extra credit assignments.
4.0 : Professor Warren had an amazing experience in Brazil that he told us about, and he gives good feedback.
1.0 : Warren is possibly the worst professor I have had at the UW. In lectures he repeats himself endlessly, and the only topic he seems to understand is his research in Brazil. He hates of science and economics, spending much of his time mocking them instead of teaching. He is very unclear, and rarely defines important terms.  Don't take his classes.
1.0 : Warren frequently confuses or misleads his class with vague or contradicting information. He demonstrates little knowledge of many of the topics he introduces, and often provides no evidence to support his anti-science, anti-globalization claims. After four years in the Jackson School, his 202 class stands out as the worst.
1.0 : The lectures were really hard to follow and didn't have clear direction. He said the quizzes wouldn't be that hard then they were full of tricky questions. Didn't tell us about a fourth book we had to buy until a week before we started reading it. Overall the class was messy. Avoid if you can.
1.0 : Most unorganized class I have ever taken. Warren is cynical, condescending and refuses to acknowledge differing opinions. He approaches sensitive material very inconsiderately and distastefully.  Overall, his messages in lecture get lost in his tangent rants, which you will be quizzed on. All in all, he loves Brazil and asserting his "worldlyness."
1.0 : Repeats himself constantly, loves to attack economics and STEM fields, and seems to think those who don't agree with him are crazy. Essay questions were effectively "how to re-argue Warren's arguments, making sure you agree with him". Uses wide vocabulary to talk in circles. Uses Strawman arguments. While he may think he's good, I certainly do not.
1.0 : Warren is the worst professor in the Jackson Schooland he shouldn't be teaching. He probably is on tenure, but anyways don't take his course. He's biased and he enjoys tricking people on quizzes. Multiple times, a majority of students answered questions on the quizzes the same answer and he punished everyone. It's a shame he is still a professor.
5.0 : great professor. i would be of for taking this course in again 10/10 times out of 10
1.0 : Egomaniac, little to no respect for his students.
3.5 : Must review all of your notes from the lectures in order to do well on the quizzes + exams. The exams were fair and there were no surprises. His lectures are pretty clear, he likes to to go on rants about topics relating to organic chemistry, but I think it should be obvious to the student when and when not to take notes (he will tell you).
2.0 : Well, It is a honors class, and he is Gelb... You will learn about unicorns, figuring out problems if you are in prison for 20 years, bad jokes, pregnancy tests, his long thumbnail. He has a brilliant mind which is seen by his research. You are in a honors class so you will be ok... HE IS GELB, you will never forget what it means to have had GELB.
3.0 : Professor GELB will leave you flummoxed and in awe. His profound expertise in alcohol dehydrogenase and styrofoam will inspire you to become a piece of styrofoam yourself. He does several demonstrations in class, and almost considered reacting phenylacetone with methylamine, a complex process.  This class is recommended for its depth. Take GELB.
1.0 : Terrible professor. Very vague, unclear lectures. No online support. He didn't screencast his lectures, he didn't upload slided because he didn't use slides. He DID upload his hand written notes, wrongly oriented and ridiculously large so that they were totally impractical as well as being unclear and illegible. No homework. Very little guidance.
4.0 : interesting
1.5 : He's very funny sometimes- he told us where vampires come from. He starts lecture with "this wont be on the test" and then tells us something cool. But an awful lecturer. To add perspective others  havent said yet, my boss (I work in a lab) was talking about this 'Gelb' that he hated working with. But he thinksGelb could win the nobel prize.
1.0 : Prof. Gelb is probably the worst professor I've ever had at UW. I'm sure he's a genius, but he can't teach at all. His handwriting is hard to read and the class is organized very poorly. He doesn't get that a 41% average on tests, and 3-410 on quizzes is a reflection of his teaching abilities; he blames it on the students not studying hard enough.
1.0 : Don't bother taking him. His lectures are unclear, goes off on tangents, talks about non relevant information, and says "anything said in lecture is fair game on the exam". First midterm was week 7, second midterm was week 9, and we had to convince him to put up a topic summary list. He doesn't want to teach, and he shouldn't be teaching.
3.5 : I know that Gelb is not popular on rmp, but he will likely be the best professor you will have at UW. If you come into the class expecting your hand to be held and having o chem spoon fed to you, DO NOT TAKE GELB. If you want to learn about chemistry in a way that a textbook can't teach, take Gelb. He is brilliant an will rock your world
1.0 : There is no doubt that Dr. Gelb has an exceptionally brilliant mind.   However, I believe this creates a substantial barrier between him and his students.  The level of disorganization is distracting.  He is entertaining and I would happily engage in discussions with him in an informal atmosphere.  However, I will never take a class from him again.
1.5 : No one will argue that Gelb is very smart, has interesting stories that somewhat relate the the content being taught, and has plenty of "professor humor." This will not help you understand the content. He doesn't want to be teaching and acts like it. He's super unorganized &amp; frequently messes up and spends 15 minutes redoing what he already taught.
1.0 : He's smart. Not suited to teach students. Teach yourself and expect the unexpected. Unorganized and unreliable.
1.0 : He is very unclear about everything and grades incredibly tough, the average was set to a 2.4. If you are trying to get a semi decent grade, take this class with another professor.
1.0 : There are few times where a professor has made me so mad. His lectures were all over the place and sorta followed the textbook but not really making studying frustrating. He said some borderline inappropriate stuff in class. Thank god he had Panopto so I definitely would have failed. Not getting up at 9:30 for that nonsense.
1.0 : His lectures are disorganized and unhelpful. The textbook was personally very helpful in compensating for what the lectures lacked. It was not an uncommon practice for him to spend the first fifteen minuets of a class correcting material he taught incorrectly in the previous lectures. Does not give partial credit lightly on tests and quizzes.
1.0 : Very unorganized. Lectures are hard to follow. he will start talking about a mechanism and in the middle tell us about vampires stories. When the average on the test was a 42 he refused to acknowledge he may be at fault and said students need to learn to study more. He doesn't respect students Ignores requests for help from students in class/emails
2.0 : He's funny.
4.0 : I have heard many stories about Gelb, and can see why many would not like him. His teaching however, has greatly improved recently. He follows the book well, gives plenty of extra explanations and has started making reasonable exams. I believe he is a professor worth taking
5.0 : Toddy rygh is always of for being inside the best class and is to me as to english as the holy bible has good of scriptures. I has learned much and many in this professorship and is having an education of great value esteemed for quixotism and pedagogy. would i definitely take this course again this teacher is explainable. he best baker in world ;)
1.0 : Mehemet is a knowledgeable teacher,but with all his research and meetings, he doesnt show up to his office hours sometimes. Only 2 hours a week, and hes using it for personal meetings. Comes to class late, and goes in depth on certain and ignores other topics. Rude to his students who are frustrated by confusion. Led me away from material science.
2.0 : In lecture, Sarikaya tells stories about his fellow doctorates and colleagues' R&amp;D firms in Seattle, uses the chalk board to overview the material for that day, and then runs out of time going through the slides.  Weekly homework from the book. Practice exams were given without solutions. Exams are reasonable if you study well.
1.0 : Worst professor. He didn't teach me anything cuz he went tangent a lot during lectures. Practice exams are useful and some of them appear on real exam. But there is NO SOLUTION for practice exam, get ready to ask him in office hour while he calls someone on phone about lunch. Also, be prepared or he wont give you the answer
2.0 : Sarikaya goes over basic concepts in lecture but doesnt give examples of actual problems with equations. homework comes from the book, tests are easy if you study. His stories are pretty interesting and shows hes passionate about material science.
1.0 : Worst prof in UW. Lots of HW. The lecture notes are messy. No PRACTICE /PAST EXAM!!!
1.0 : This professor is the worst professor I have ever had at UW. He insults students openly during class for asking questions, does not cover enough in lectures, and is not very specific about due dates. 0/10 recommend.
1.0 : Mehmet Sarikaya's lectures are not very helpful. Mehmet does not seem to want to teach MSE 170. For most classes, he rants about his research. I would recommend taking this class with another prof.
1.0 : By far the worst professor I have had to date. Don't bother going to lecture unless you want to hear what he had for breakfast, you will get more done staying at home or in the library and just reading your book. I entered this class excited to learn, and am leaving learning very little. Surprised this teacher has been here as long he has.
1.0 : Does not cover material in class. Lecture slides are difficult to decipher. Tests cover material that is not covered in the chapters the test is supposed to cover. The only possible way to learn in this class is to read the textbook. I scrutinized all 500 pages of assigned reading and still get caught off guard by questions on tests. Worst
1.5 : super boring class. 19th century teacher style. he has very unpleasant personality and actively dislike teaching and students. i feel sorry for his children and phd students. take class from somebody else.
1.5 : Worst professor I've had at UW. Bitter, angry, just plain mean to students. Teaching is below average, made a dry topic (probability) even drier since basically he doesn't care about teaching, or you. Seems to relish putting you down.  If you have to take a class from him, just read the book, do the work, and study hard by yourself.
1.5 : Worst professor, he shows attitude instead of guidance.
1.0 : Easily the worst teacher I've had and the worst class I've taken at the UW. Horrible horrible horrible. The man simply cannot teach and cannot explain the material if his life depended on it; his lectures are boring and useless and he constantly puts students down. He should be fired or retire!!
1.0 : The fact Professor Roy thinks his condescending attitude and lack of interest in teaching is acceptable is absolutely appalling. He is very mean, often talks down to and constantly criticizes students. I am a senior and have had my fair share of poor professors, but Roy is by far the worst one I have had. Does not care at all about your learning.
1.5 : He is mean mean mean. To pass this course: do NOT go to class or his office hours, he will treat you like dirt. If you have question just ask TA. Read book, do homework and (easy) software projects and you will be OK. The book is really good.
1.0 : I was his grad student many years ago. Hardly any meeting went by without him yelling at me or threatening me with something like loss of funding, firing me, telling me I'm useless, stupid, will not get anywhere in life. He is poison. He is psychotic. If you want to get your MS or PhD with him think twice. I had to go see a counselor to get help!!
1.0 : Have never reviewed anything in my life before.  However, after going thru pure torture with Roy, I feel I need to tell every student to avoid him. He just does not care about job or you. Make fun of you in class in front of everybody since you ask question! Make you feel stupid!  I hear he has same attitude problem with his grad students. Avoid!
1.0 : Spring quarter is over, my time at UW is over, and I hope I never ever have to see Prof Roy again. He brings you down and shuts you down as a human. So very, very, very, very, very bad. Should not have gotten my tuition money. Worst teacher at UW by far.
1.0 : Did graduate degree with him. His contribution to papers is in grammar, organizing, and format, that is it, not tech! Then you add once or twice weekly humiliation meetings and emails. He has lots of insecurities and takes it out on you to make himself feel important and good. Don't make my mistake. Pick another advisor unless you are desperate.
1.0 : 505 is a "must take" course for many other EE courses. The instructor, Roy, is a "must avoid".  See if you can get transfer or equivalency credits from another course to avoid the extreme agony of sitting in his lectures. If you have to take 505 with him, don't go to class, definitely don't go to officer hours, and rely on the TA (really good).
1.0 : He really treats student very badly, insulting. He should go see a doctor and he will be good. EE department should not assign any class to him to teach till he gets better. For now, Terrible prof.
1.0 : Cannot understand him because he has a heavy accent, talks fast and low, and does not present subjects clearly. He does not give breaks for a 2 hour class. His tests and homeworks are beyond unreasonable. This is the only class I barely passed.
1.0 : Would never take a class from him again. Prof Roy is an expert in humiliating students in public in class and in private in his office. I don't care if he is Albert Einstein or can walk on water (no doubt he's not and he can't) but I expect a minimum level of human decency from somebody I am paying to teach.
1.0 : You will learn more staring at a wall than listening to him. Besides the wall will not make you feel stupid  because you asked a question in class.
1.0 : He's a terrible teacher and has a major attitude! Not a nice person when trying to get help.
1.0 : Very difficult person to work with on graduate degree. He does management by yelling and humiliating. Meetings are always confrontations (ALWAYS, not kidding) and he does not let you get a word in. His technical advising and guidance is near zero too.  Glad I'm out. He was a major source of useless stress 24/7 for two years.
1.0 : So, this is a really useful class. All engineers need to understand probability and random process. Really important. However you don't want to take this class from Roy. If you've no option, take it, sit in back of class, READ THE BOOK, do book examples (ALL), do homework and you are good. He is mediocre teacher but even worse (bad)treating people.
1.0 : Sneering condescension oozes from him. Besides, he actually makes incorrect statement in class on some really simple probability concept, and then defends those mistakes!!!!
1.0 : Boaring!
1.0 : Kim, is the worst professor on campus and a terrible person overall. He's mean, vindictive and arrogant. Provides little to no feedback and is almost resentful when you ask questions. He will dock you points for stuff he doesn't like vs what is factual. DON"T ask about your grade, he reviews and docks new points. Do anything to avoid.
1.0 : He's impossible to understand. Doesn't  provide any help. You have no idea what's going to be on the exams. Don't take a class with him.
1.0 : Not really sure why Kathleen is a professor, we had guest lecturers literally every class. I actually did well in the class, but this course and everything about it  is a total joke; grading is arbitrary. Kathleen is extremely unapproachable, not there to help you and goes out of her way to be scathing and belittle you. Steer clear!!!!!
4.0 : If you took COM 444 and said, "I would never take class from her again," TAKE 452. If you have any inclination to go into PR, you should definitely take this class. KFB was like a different person in the smaller, more driven class. Still a bit cranky, but much calmer. Listen carefully, do what she says and get her advice. She's got a lot to offer.
1.0 : I took COM 444 with her before and decided to take 452 to gain skills for a career in PR. She doesn't state in her syllabus how she want's assingments submitted nor formatted so you and your group are consistently playing a guessing a game. Never know what to expect on quizzes because she doesn't teach. Quizzes are on guest speakers and readings.
1.0 : I think she is not helpful at all whether on emails or in class, she only cares about how her research goes and how her book sells, not any materials in class. She never teach and she said she doesn't like receiving emails. I have never seen a professor like this and I don't see anything fun in the class
1.0 : The WORST professor I've ever had at UW. She took 5 points off (the max is a 20) for not putting the thesis statement on the top of a paper, and she never mentioned it during class and its not on syllabus or paper guidelines. She never teaches, all we have is movie days and guest speaker days. All questions on the quizzes are never taught in class.
1.0 : how could you be a professor in UW?
1.0 : Avoid her! This class is about stereotypes but the professor herself is a r acist! She hates international students and literally asks them if they speak English or not. There is no evaluation at the end of the class so she doesn't care about how people think about her!!! Avoid her if you want to be happy.
1.0 : What is she doing "teaching" at the University of Washington? Condescending. Late. Unenthusiastic. Barely teaches anything while we're in class (shows us videos and has guest speakers). Half of the quarter spent outside of the classroom in small groups. I would maybe expect this in a high school--not an accredited university.
1.0 : Class pros: Visiting local agencies, guest speakers. Prof spends very little time teaching (This is a pro because the guest speakers are much, much better.)  Class cons: Prof doesn't teach Tendency to show terrible, loud videos, which are not very instructive, from the 1970s or 1980s in lieu of giving a lecture Confusing requirements for assignment
1.0 : I promise you this was the biggest mistake of my career at UW. Avoid any course with her like it is the plague. Her teaching style is showing slides for three or four days throughout the quarter (these slides are from the 90s and early 2000s when the Sonics were still around) the rest is group visits and speakers. You won't get a good grade.
1.0 : Fearn-Banks is the worst teacher I have ever had at the UW. She is more than qualified in her field, but does not exhibit this.  Her lack of teaching, effort towards the class, and rudeness towards you makes the class unbearable. Along with all her material from the 1980's and horrible curriculum. Plenty of better classes you should take.
2.5 : She has a non-traditional way of teaching that you have to get used to. She knows what she's talking about and is respected by everyone in the PR world. If you make an effort and show that you care she will help you. I would not recommend this class for anyone who is not dead-set on PR as a profession.
1.0 : Out of the 10 weeks of class we had with her, we probably saw her a total of 8 times. This professor has had tenure for a long time and it shows; she never seemed invested in the class at all. The times we would have a day in class was usually spent with a guest lecturer, or watching videos.  Even as a PR guy I would still avoid this class.  3/10
2.0 : I wouldn't recommend this class if you're not really interested in a career in PR. Even if you are, beware that this class is mainly a networking opportunity, and not a good overview of PR, because the prof. doesn't put a lot of effort into teaching. Overall, as someone who is not interested in a PR career, I wouldn't take this class again.
1.5 : Took a month to set a a syllabus and then ignored it. Didn't even cover most of the topics that the class is supposed to center on. There was so much overlap with other classes that its hard to understand the rationale for this course even existing.
1.5 : This wasn't even a class. It was open lab time. Literally nothing was taught over the entire quarter.
1.0 : Worst instructor I have seen, instead of teach material he teach you how to be adult.
1.0 : Does not teach the material, period. Expects students to fully grasp foreign concepts at a PHD level with no direction. Is for far left he can't see the middle. Knows what he's talking about, but is disappointed and verging on pompous when the students he's SUPPOSED to be teaching don't understand FORIGN concepts.
1.0 : Horrible professor. What need more I say? LOL
1.0 : Basically spends half class time lecturing you about being adults and learning stuff yourself then disappears into his office to write his book. He just gives your group assignments and tells you to learn it yourself.
1.0 : Worst teacher ever, for the whole quarter we got no powerpoint slides or anything like that. If you open canvas you will see nothing basically it is empty. Basically what he did is tell us to read the book by ourself. Tough grader. Never ever ever take with this teacher.
1.0 : Many lectures on being on time and doing better on quizzes.
2.0 : Expects answers to the question he had in his head, not to what he actually asked, then gets upset when people don't answer questions in class or acts superior when they give the wrong answer. Very vague assignment instructions and very vague test questions. Petty. Go to every class, go to office hours, and ask tons of ?s or you'll get a bad grade
5.0 : Best teacher I had at UWT. Lectures clarified the reading, and the textbook was great. 4 partner projects building up to 3-4 person group project for 2nd half of quarter; the project was actually helpful &amp; interesting. Grading was very fair if you did the reading and paid attention in class. Don't know why everyone on here dislikes him, he's great
3.0 : All he does is show you how to derive the equations.  He doesn't have another way of explaining concepts.  It's a hard class overall unless you're good at physics or retaking an AP course.
2.0 : Dr. Reid is exactly what you'd expect for a 260-student lecture. He goes through examples quickly, and when you ask questions he often either 1) doesn't answer what you're asking or 2) doesn't explain it further than "that's just how it is." If he meets you as a student though, he attempts to make a connection with you. At least there's that.
3.5 : Umm... Not as bad as people below said. Definitely not an easy class. Lectures were dry...
1.0 : really terrible professor. Keep writing equations on the board for 50 minutes.
1.5 : He uses clicker questions for this course. He's passionate about physics, but he is not very clear in his explanations and sometimes uses the wrong equations. He is willing to help if you have questions, just make sure to ask them after class. Don't take without having had previous experience with physics. He seems like a nice person though.
5.0 : I found his lectures very clear and informative. He is also VERY personable, and more than willing to help you if you have questions, all you have to do is ask. He is also a very kind person in general, and has a great way of using demos to make physics come alive! :D
1.0 : painfully unaware. almost never notices students raising their hand. in lecture he only derives formulas which will never be on the tests. when you ask him for help, he is very condescending always saying that the things he taught are basic knowledge and everyone should learn regardless if they are on the test or not. escape if you can
1.0 : Horrible lecturer. Total explanations: 2. When asked for explanations in class, he just derives formulas that don't really answer the question. Horrendous awareness; either he does not see hands raised or consciously ignores them. Good luck in office hours, isn't helpful there either. Read your book, and you should do decently
1.0 : Easiness wasn't necessarily a 1 more like a 2.5, but I just wanted to give the lowest possible rating to emphasize how awful this man is. He will not and by will not I mean he CANNOT, answer  students' questions. He will assign homework NOT pertaining to an exam the night before that exam, doesnt reply to emails,  the least resourceful man ever.
1.0 : Inspirational in the sense that If I was going to teach, I would aspire to be much better than Mr. James Reid. Though his demonstrations are on point, lecture material not so much. Essentially spends his lecture time discharging any and all equations possible on the board and expects the students to know the variables involved.
1.5 : Has no idea how to teach and selects the most difficult homework problems that take the physics tutorials over 30 minutes to solve. Very annoyed at having to answer questions in class. Doesn't provide any practice exams, which are mostly multiple choice. And the physics department is just annoying in how they purposefully make the class difficult.
1.5 : He does a very poor job of specifying the work that needs to be done. Uses clickers like its the end of the world. Make sure you do SmartPhysics or you will struggle greatly
1.0 : DO ANYTHING not to take this sub-human's class. A terrifically bad instructor. Released no practice or review material for classes; his equation sheets looked like a fifth grader made them; he NEVER hosted the office hours he claimed he would; made no power points; never responds to email; HE NEVER CHANGED HIS CLOTHES. 3.9 in E&amp;M, 3.4 in his course
1.0 : Do not take this class. Worst professor ever!
3.0 : The class was difficult but that was because of the material. However, the teacher was not that bad! Sometimes he goes a little too fast and you will need to read the book when that happens. Do a lot of problems from the book because the exams are real hard!
2.0 : He wasn't as bad as people say, but he is pretty bad.  His tests are easy which means extremely high averages (i.e., you'd have to have over 100% to be a standard deviation above on one of the midterms). His explanations aren't too great, he mostly just does proofs.  For that reason, it's essential to read the book.
3.5 : A lot of the reviews are really harsh. I honestly think he's nice and informative. He tests on homework.  He explains concepts well, but I am very bad at physics so I need additional help from the book. But if ur not you should be fine just with lecture. He might be a little boring sometimes but honestly I do learn a lot from his class.
1.0 : Terrible professor. He does not know how to create lecture material nor does he care about your learning. He is also very rude and cuts people off mid sentence. The class material wouldn't be that hard if he actually cared to teach
3.5 : Great enthusiasm for physics, and he explains things well for the most part. He's a nice guy, and, knowing that he has a vision impairment, it's understandable that he sometimes gets lost on the board. The rest of these reviews are  unnecessarily harsh; I never had to read  a page of the book because I paid attention in class.
2.0 : His lectures are not very memorable. He mostly derives equations with little explanations to write out. You would think that you understand his explanations, but whenever I look back on my lecture notes to do my homework problems,  I do not remember where his got his derivations.
1.0 : Awful professor. His lectures did nothing to help me understand the material. He lectures to the board while speaking quickly and never actually explains the concepts. The smartphysics lectures are far better than his teaching.
3.5 : Honestly, Reid wasn't nearly as bad as I expected. He can be rude and get snappy at students sometimes, and physics is boring, but he's also organized and does a lot of demonstrations to reinforce concepts. Uses clickers, doing about 40 questions randomly over the course of the quarter. Exams all multiple choice, averages in 60-70% range.
1.0 : I got my best grade on the midterm I did not go to class for which pretty much don't go to class. I almost think going to class confused me more than taught me anything about physics. He doesn't understand students at all or how we learn. His equation sheets for tests look like a kindergartner made them and are so confusing
1.0 : James Reid was literally the worst  professor I've ever had.  He doesn't care at all about his students and doesn't knowdoesn't care enough to teach.  His lectures are boring and the homework rarely aligns with the material he covers.  Be prepared to learn everything by google.
4.0 : Good professor . His lectures may not be as fun but his demonstration are good . His papers are kinda easy compared to his counterparts . I would say to solve question from Tipler as he loves that book . Overall the course is tough but manageable if u give enough time .
1.5 : Dr. Reid isn't very good. His final exam equation sheet was something that looked like it was typed up at the last minute by a 2 year old. His lectures are fast and confusing, and he doesn't answer questions. Most lectures are just derivations of equations. His demonstrations are useful though, and his exams are pretty fair. He loves his clickers.
4.0 : I have no idea what people are complaining about. His explanations are good, he uses tons of demonstrations which help explain the theories, he's reasonable, tests are incredibly easy and straightforward. He's a bit eccentric, but he's a physics professor. I never saw him be disrespectful towards anyone.
2.0 : Don't expect your grade to be curved at all - this is my worst grade ever &amp; got 3.5+ in both previous physics classes. Lectures from the book but 25 mins of class spent on pointless demos. Tests on homework &amp; avg is usually an 80+ so even if you do "well" 80+ on each midterm, your final grade gets completely screwed. Don't take him if you can avoid
1.0 : Don't take physics with this professor. Just realized that this class isn't curved at all. I am bawling my eyes out.
4.0 : He was a nice prof, willing to answer questions outside of class when needed. The material an labs were fun and interesting. Go to lectures, labs, and quiz sections, take notes, read the text, and do the homework, and you should do fine. Would definitely recommend him if you have the choice.
1.0 : won't answer questions in or out of lecture. I once went to office hours and he didn't show up. he never learns how to do the demos before class so wastes our time during lecture by asking the tech guy how they work as he uses them (he doesn't explain the theory though); but don't worry, that time is made up when he starts lectures before the bell!
1.5 : He is really fast and confusing.
2.0 : Reid is a very uninteresting lecturer. I took notes in class but they were more to keep me focused and awake than to help my understanding of the subject. I basically learned the material from the online PreLectures and I would recommend taking notes on those rather than his lectures.
1.0 : I had to drop his class because of how confusing he is during his lecture. He has his back turned towards the blackboard and does not answer questions during lecture. I decided to go up to him after class to ask a question and he simple told me to go away. He is rude. He should not be teaching at the University of Washington.
1.5 : James Reid is very confusing, and not easy to follow. He does not care about his students, which is made obvious when he 'answers' questions. Honestly, he does not answer questions, so get a study group. Tests are really hard and he does not explain them afterwards. Try your best to avoid him.
2.5 : Ol' Dr. Jim is a poor lecturer. He derives questions on the board instead of teaching. You can rely  mostly on the equation sheet in the exams, except for the final, when it seemed he wrote it on Word 5 minutes before the test. Hilarious to listen to, gives good demos, but is 100% apathetic of your learning. He's just there so he doesn't get fined.
4.0 : This class was so easy with Reid. His lectures are clear cut, he does tons of demonstrations, and examples. If you just go to class, do the homework and generally pay attention I guarantee you will get an A. His tests are practically problems right out of the book. He doesn't answer questions very well, but look in the book and online.
1.5 : I liked physics before I took this class. Now I don't like physics. Only reason why I was able to do well in this class is because I took physics in high school so I had some background knowledge and I also had older friends that took physics help me. Get ready to Google how to do every problem.
1.0 : Dr. Reid's lectures are hard to follow without any physics background, and he mostly just derives equations. if you want a question answered, he will try not to notice you and if you do grab his attention, he gets irritable and tries to answer you're question before you're even done asking. The demos are pretty cool (but not often explained well).
1.5 : Based on the previous reviewers, Reid must not have been on his game this quarter. I left class more confused than I was coming in. I'd focus on the book more than the lectures, but be sure to attend, as clicker questions are a big deal.
1.0 : His lectures were frequently incomprehensible even to him.  At one point this quarter he stood up front trying to figure out what he did for five full minutes.  Practice for the exams is frequently unrelated to the actual exam and any equation sheet he gives you is a jumble of nonsense.  Hands down worst teacher I've ever had.
3.5 : His lectures on specific chapters are short and succinct, great for finding the origin of the equations you use for the problems he chooses shortly after the lecture. Gives you plenty of time to try the problems yourselves and then he runs through them. That is pretty much the structure of the class! Also assigns weekly homework that isn't tough.
1.0 : He is very disorganized and did not begin to grade until the last week of the quarter. He grades really tough. He posted my final grade however I still have no grades posted for several assignments which makes it clear he just made up a final grade.
3.0 : Reading was comprised of articles rather than a textbook. He is somewhat dry in his lectures.
1.0 : Mulcahy makes the world's most confusing lecture slides. I don't think there is a more scatterbrained way to present us with the information we are being taught. Without my TA I think that I would've failed the class. It seems like he doesn't know how to articulate his own thoughts or answer anyones questions. Not a fan.
1.0 : Mulcahy is one of the most unconfident teachers I have ever had in my life. Half of the time is him explaining how this isn't his opinion and how he is only talking about the facts.  Does a horrible job of giving lectures. Goes off topic too often. Only reason I had him was because the teacher I took had to cancel last minute and got stuck with him
1.0 : Lectures are EXTREMELY dull. Slides are confusing, very wordy, and a majority of the slides are graphs with no summarization about what they are representing. Very poor lecturer and doesn't do a good job of keeping students interested. I nearly fell asleep multiple times. Room is always half empty because no one wants to sit through his lectures.
1.0 : As someone who is very interested in social problems, Professor Mulcahy found a way to make this course incredibly boring. His lectures are very disorganized. I leave class feeling more confused than I was before. To top it off, he's constantly clearing his throat in the microphone. I had high expectations for this course and I'm very disappointed.
1.0 : Was suppose to take this class with another professor but they had to cancel last minute so I got stuck with this dufus. Talks about himself more than the material. His slides couldn't have been more confusing but then he opens his mouth and makes no sense. Didn't go to lecture because I just felt more confused. So boring, 10/10 do not recommend.
2.0 : I think Professor Mulcahy really tries to communicate the materials well and I appreciate that he covers reading materials in lectures. However, he lacks time management and his lecture slides and reading articles are uninteresting and difficult to understand. There is a lack of provision of examples and clear explanations.
4.0 : Took his class after reading the comments here. Not bad at all. The topics was interesting and i can see he puts lot of efforts in teaching us. Good professor!
1.0 : dont take this class. i took this class because people told me it was easy... she totally changed up the tests starting from this quarter so the tests are very hard and her lectures and notes are useless. she doesnt help much and does not prepare you for the tests while she makes the hardest tests. average for her midterm was around 50%.
1.0 : worst class ive ever taken at uw. her grading is so strict and ignorant. i put the right answer on the test but got it wrong because it didnt match her standards. by far the worst and most ignorant professor. she doesnt teach other than read off the slides and expects students to know everything. i highly recommend the online class or other prof.
2.0 : The lectures were confusing and hard to follow. Be prepared to teach yourself the majority of the material. Aside from that, the level of the class is very manageable and office hours are held fairly frequently.
1.5 : Thompson does know her topic and is friendly enough, but her teaching was sub-par at best. She reads straight off of slides without much deviation. I came out of each class of hers knowing about as much as when I went in, which is not characteristic of any other course I have taken at UW. Only class in which I've fallen asleep. Avoid if possible.
1.0 : Save yourselves from taking this ridiculously boring class. Lecture slides are blocks of text that fill up the screen, and her explanations aren't helpful at all. On the bright side, her tests are pretty easy. Going to quiz section should help. There is homework and online labs due each week, but its not too bad.
1.0 : She belittled me saying that I was "crushing literature into a small box" and constantly asked us to speak up in class because there was no wrong answer. Everytime I spoke up she made sure I knew that what I was trying to say wasn't the right answer.
1.0 : pointless lectures. pointless unrelated homework. pre-requisite course knowledge includes Italian architecture(for real). unrealistic expectations from class. learned more from *looking* at textbook questions than I did from half a quarter of lectures.
1.0 : The lectures are for the most part completely useless. He moves far too quickly through important topics and lingers too long on subjects which align little with the course sylibus. Tests and homework are extremely poorly designed and force graders to subjectively grade in order to generate a curve. Scores do not reflect knowledge of material.
5.0 : He's one of the best in teach higher level engineering courses, &gt;300 level, 500 level classes. He's pretty entertaining in keep students interested. However, don't feel bad from his tests. He intentionally have an average of 50% on his exams. I really enjoyed taking his classes for grad school.
1.0 : The whole quarter he read off another professor's powerpoint slides and did not seem to fully grasp lots of the material on the slides. Tests had nothing to do with what was in the class and were all conceptual and badly written. Nice guy, terrible professor. If you want to learn the course material, don't take his class.
1.0 : Bob was off topic in class and hardly knew the course material. He used other peoples slides and it was obvious he had never previously looked at them. His homework was nothing like the material we learned in class and neither was his tests. Without prior knowledge you will fail.
1.0 : His lectures consisted of him reading off powerpoint slides that he didn't make. His tests didn't have anything to do with statics. I didn't learn. Here are some of his more memorable quotes: "I never did understand why they decided to call it an 'I' Beam." "Make sure to fill out your course evaluations... maybe you can save future generations."
2.0 : pt 1: Is grad prof,was not prepared to teach undergrad. Lectures were him reading off someone else's slides. Didn't know course material well enough to answer basic questions. Tests and hw were off topic and from left field (he even said that). If you are stuck with him just try to understand concepts as tests are all qualitative answers.
1.0 : An extraordinarily unhelpful man. Copies derivations on the board that he doesn't know, and assigns irrelevant and extremely difficult homework. He is rather funny, but he's still not even helpful one on one in office hours.
2.0 : Marcel makes it clear he is not about mathematical rigor. It is always disappointing hearing his explanations about how equations or concepts work. Derivations are really him copying equations from his notes and hand-waving. Students who can do homework by applying equations without knowing where they came from are fine. Others will be frustrated.
3.5 : I'm very surprised by all the negative comments.  I thought Jane was nice and a wonderful teacher and really wanted her students to succeed in her class.  Expectations were clear, most homework and quizzes were done online and were very helpful.  If something was unorganized it never affected us, and she always sided with us.  Jane was GREAT!
2.0 : Horrendous. She is unorganized, comes to lecture unprepared as in every single class there is something that she forgot to do or didn't correct, etc. Slow at grading. Assigns total busy work. Gets confused by her own explanations.
3.5 : Jane was pretty understanding and lenient to our group. She extended deadlines and homework and quizzes were not too hard. Class was not too bad as she would add in group activities here and there. I enjoyed this class.
1.5 : Worst Professor in the Milgard School Of Business at UWT. Professor has virtually zero real world Business experience. He is a retired Boeing engineer who went back to school and got his MBAPhD but can only  apply concepts to Boeing. (GO BACK TO WORK FOR BOEING) Every test is based on Boeing example articles.
1.0 : Horrible teacher. Does not know the material and grades rigorously. Waste of your time and money. He has no idea what he's talking about and just wastes your time. He should retire.
1.0 : Changes due dates for assignments the entire quarter. Does not seem to understand the subject he is teaching. When students ask questions he proceeds to interrupt them. You can only get a 9 for participation. He also tells students when they are wrong when the only reason they are wrong is because he is hard to follow.
1.0 : Very confusing instructor.  Turned a management class into  psychology philosophy class. His lack of knowledge of real life management was very obvious. Skips around the book and chapters. scattered his opinion and  text from book in his overloaded power point Students got other instructors power points because his were so bad. Hard grader.
3.0 : He does skip around a lot in the textbook, and his power points are bad, but he does answer questions and help with confusion. He knows what he's talking about, he just doesn't get it out right the first time. It is hard to get over a 9, but also hard to get less than a 9. I got some 9.5s and 10s just for showing up.
3.5 : Honestly, he's not that bad. He knows his stuff and as long as you actually try, getting 9.5's and 10's are the norm.  Use his definitions and give thorough answers and getting an A isn't hard.
3.0 : I didn't like this class at first. It's a bit disorganized and expectations aren't clear. However, it grew on me. Once you get in the swing of things it's fun, interesting, and an easy W credit. Grading is fair. That being said, Ellen's comments on your writing can sting. She means well, but you need a thick skin to get a lot out of this class
3.0 : I loved this class, I thought Ellen was extremely intelligent and very quirky. That being said many students did not enjoy her as a professor. I learned a lot, and lecture was always engaging. The material isn't perfectly organized, but it worked fine for me. Test questions can be vague, but I found her to be semi generous when grading.
1.0 : Covey is awful. She's rude, unclear, unstructured, flighty, boring to listen to, and gets irritated when her students don't know expectations she has in her head that she won't explain bc she "doesn't believe in structure." She makes her students feel like she doesn't appreciate their hard work and she isn't helpful. DIdn't even have a textbook.
2.0 : She is disorganized and rude. She would pick on students in class and waste class time by going of on random tangents. While she knows her stuff, she is not helpful at all. For the class paper, she didn't give instructions till the 5th week of class - when we asked her to elaborate. She would show up late to class and wasn't interested in teaching.
1.0 : Unclear expectations. Belittles students. Gives rude/discouraging feedback on papers instead of clear/helpful critiques. Doesn't believe in rubrics. Good luck to anyone who takes this class. She seems like an intelligent person, who belongs in a lab, not leading a classroom.
2.0 : While she is a difficult professor in many ways, she is very available outside class and responds to email very quickly. She is also human and if you are able to let her do her thing, you'll get along just fine. I'm sure her teaching style clicks with some, sadly, it didn't work too well for me.
1.0 : She was fun to talk to but other than that her Neurobiology of Perception Early fall start class was not very useful. She didn't teach much. A majority of the class was dedicated to writing research papers. However, She did not guide you through the process of writing the research paper very well  and her feedback was not very clear and not helpful
1.5 : She is very nice, with that said she doses try to help but her accent lack of knowledge and inability to teach clearly make her a teacher NOT to take. There was not a single class that I come away from feeling confident about and she made the book  even more confusing. Her confusion and inability to teach are sadly what define her as an instructor.
1.0 : Do not take her lecture. She coves almost nothing in lecture and even describes her tests as pepos rly being "tricky". I learned almost nothing from her and had to rely solely on the textbook. She would literally go thru 5-7 slides each lecture. She talks so slowly and monotonously I almost fell asleep every day. She doesn't really grade hard but I think people who knew the material got fewer points than they deserved because her tests were unclear.
1.0 : Definitely dropping this class. Very boring to listen to. Quizzes are ambiguous. She expects you to understand and remember small details that she very quickly mentions in lecture. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU WANT EASY CREDITS.
1.0 : If I had a choice between attending wsu and attending her class I would pick wsu because at least I'll learn something there. Quizzes are based on opinions, the teacher is so boring that you will cry yourself with tears of blood, but even a hospital will not save you from the endless torture of attending the class and listening to her just to pass.
1.0 : It's almost like she wants to prove people this class is not supposed to be easy by making super ambiguous tests. Do not take it.
2.0 : In architecture class and decide to look up my teachers rating (7 weeks into the quarter), Ann Borys. And wow!... All the coomments are spot on! Borys lectures off of slides, giving information which is 30% useful for tests and 70% useful for not this class. So many side topics! unbelievable. Not that hard of a class if you study with friends *hint
1.0 : If you are taking this class for a GPA boost, look elsewhere! The lectures are fast-paced, off topic, and confusing, and the tests are even worse!  The questions are vague and opinion based. She posts her lecture slides, but they have no information on them, only pictures, making it difficult to study.  Don't waste money on the book.
1.5 : She's one of the worst lecturers I've ever encountered. Constantly forgets what she's talking about or some real important points in the slides (mostly no words just pics) because she wouldn't put notes on the slides. Her quiz has little/nothing to do with the lectures or the book. She thinks she's covered it all but erhhhh...
1.0 : WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER MET IN UW! The quiz totally based on her own opinions. NEVER EVER TAKE THIS CLASS if you really want to learn something and get a high GPA.
1.0 : She probably knows that her class is not attractive at all, so she just makes the quizes entirely  on the lectures, means you cannot find useful information in any other ways, even on her own lecture slides and the textbook. She's just trying to force everyone  going to her class to listen to her 2 hours' nonsense.
2.0 : Clearly knowledgable about architecture, and really nice, but lectures are dry, boring, and often rushed with no review of past concepts or their relevance moving forward. Online quizzes are infuriating and almost never align with lecture material...a really bad way to gage student's learning and knowledge. There are better architecture courses.
1.0 : Terrible lecturer! She really struggles to keep her audience awake. Hopefully she will know about it one day. ONCE AGAIN, DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU WANT EASY 3.0 AND ABOVE. :)
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS FOR A GPA BOOST. HER TESTS ARE HARD AND SHE IS THE WORST TEACHER
2.0 : I took take this class for 3 credit elective and thought how hard can it be. However it was one major mistake. Her lectures are boring and her quiz are super duper hard. You will have to read &amp; pay extra attention to details because she will ask you most unexpected questions possible. I don't recommend taking this class if you want a GPA boosters.
1.5 : This teacher goes through some of the slides extremely fast &amp; expects you to know it for the quiz.Her quizzes aren't reflective of her lectures &amp; are general w/ multiple correct answers (gl guessing). She expects you to read her mind haha.I don't recommend this class for a 3 credit class, it isn't a GPA booster, boring &amp; is extremely time consuming
1.0 : NOT EASY A FOR THIS CLASS!!!!!HARD TEST!!!!!BORING CLASS !!!!!QUIZ DIDN'T REALLY CONNECT TO HER CLASS, YOU HAVE TO READ THE BOOK. WASTING OF TIME FOR A 3 CREDIT CLASS.
1.0 : Very boring professor and the lectures are long and dragged out. The questions in the quizzes were very subjective and specific to what is on her mind not what's on the lecture. The lecture slides are only pictures so you have to write down pretty much everything she says. Class would be much better if she wasn't teaching it or writing the quizzes.
1.0 : Tough quizzes. Long lectures
2.0 : Those looking to take this class for easy VLPA and GPA. Don't. A 95% is a 4.0 and wading through her ambiguous quizzes and lectures can only get you so far. This class is not a lot of work, merely an exercise in trying to interpret her often contradictory words. If you look in between the lines, this class is about Architecture, sparingly.
5.0 : Ann is so sweet and such a wonderful teacher! She cares so much about her students and wants to see everyone succeed. She gives excellent feedback and despite pushing her students to be the best they can, her expectations are not unreasonable like they often can be with architecture professors.
3.0 : The class is pretty boring. She doesn't have much caption on lecture slides, so when you want to go back and study the slides, you may not know what they were about. She has 17 questions on each quiz, so if you miss some then you won't be able to get a good grade. The less questions on the quiz, the more difficult they are.
1.0 : He doesnt want to teach, he is just reading the book, And, when he answers your question, he is rude
2.0 : His lectures are incredibly dry and seems like he has no interest in teaching. He is bitter during his office hours and frequently gets ticked off when you don't understand what you are supposed to (Why else would I go to his office hours?). Worst of all, participation is worth 10% of your grade when you don't even have a chance to talk in class!
5.0 : Don't know why there are a lot of complain!!! He read his slides that is because the slides contains all the materials! I always went to his OH, he is REALLY helpful and WILLING to help you. there is one time I asked him one part of a problem and he explain EVERY part for me even I didn't ask him to do that. I'll say this class is USEFUL!
2.0 : Belinda is a wonderful person with lots of great stories and knowledge of how to teach. That being said, most of us found it difficult to follow the class structure and know what we were learning. Also, our entire grade was based off a single group project, even after taking a test, doing weekly assignments, and being told attendance was graded.
1.5 : Avoid her classes at all cost. She is an extremely ineffective teacher. She doesn't effectively help her students and doesn't understand why we don't understand weird German grammar things.
1.0 : she's the worst, at least the class was easy, but she lacks intelligence, she said so many incorrect things in class and wouldn't explain herself. and she's pretentious
1.0 : Very unclear instructions on his assignments. Grades you based off your ideas. Don't expect him to like your ideas. Impossible to get in contact with. Will not email you back and if he does, it will be one or two words. Would not recommend.
5.0 : He is an absolute genius. I worked with him as a researcher, his ideas are incredible. If you want to keep up with him, do research on your own. He expects you to act like an adult and present your own ideas rather than follow a rubric word for word.
1.0 : Useless!!
1.0 : This is the most frustrating class I have ever taken and I am engineering major. The instructions are horrible, the clarity is horrible, contacting the professor is impossible. He takes off points for no reason, the slides are really boring and unorganized. However, if you are looking for an easy class and are fine with a 3.3 then take class.
1.0 : I'm only a few weeks into the quarter and already this class has proved a poor choice. Allan graded introductory letters according to criteria that he intentionally did not specify (he told us this after the due date). Wish I'd dropped.
1.0 : I would NOT recommend anyone taking this course. Very easy and light work load, but the way the professor grades is terrible. Great person to talk with and very interesting, but does not have a rubric and grades off of what he thinks is "creative". Instructions for assignments are posted 2 days before, making it very disorganized. Do not take class
2.0 : Here's the problem with this course in general. Even though it's called "Creativity and Innovation", and he wants you to "be boundless", he contradictorily, after finishing grading, says he was looking for A, B, C, etc. Creativity is purely subjective and relative, and I really don't think the course itself should exist.
1.0 : He was never clear on the assignments and when you take a shot in the dark on how you should interpret his assignments, he Absolutely destroys you. When emailing him with an argument on why my hard work was graded so poorly, he gave back one or two word bs responses that resulted in me just giving up.
3.5 : Although his overall presentation of "how to" for each assignment was not clear, it was easy to get ahold of his TA and get answers. He also was available before/after class to talk to about any questions. His overall enthusiasm about his students &amp; creativity made it worth attending each week. I also took the online 5 credit, received A's in both.
1.0 : The worst class ever. You even don't know how to study this class because he never tell you why you lose points.
1.0 : There's a distinct lack of clarity with this class. The instructor urges you to use your creativity and harness the power of the computer when submitting assignments, but grades you according to his definition of aesthetic appeal (the way he formats his powerpoints would get an F in any design class). Feedback is unclear IF you get any.
1.0 : This is a class with no rubric. You may or may not do well, and it seems like it's entirely based on chance. That said it's a five credit class that fulfills VLPA and I&amp;S gen eds and takes maybe 25 hours over the entire course. If you can put up with the rambling it might be worth it just to check the box. Expect to be frustrated.
1.0 : After taking this class, I want to send my self to the hospital to check if my brain is still working in the right way. Apparently, this guy might have some serious mental problem. Like I don't even no WTH is he talking about. But, if you can handle this. Easy grade, no doubt . Otherwise, I'll see you in the hospital. May the force be with you.
1.0 : The content was great and really inspirational. BUT, this instructor makes everything worse. He don't provide feedback on homework at all even though he gives you a really low grade. Never respond to questions students ask either on canvas or by email. And he is really arrogant when communicating with students in slides. loves using all caps all th
4.0 : Class is very easy if you play it the right way. Just make sure to use different fonts and colors (using the full power of your computer) on all of the assignments. Only takes about 1-2 hours of work each work and the work is simple and easy.
5.0 : After you get used to her lecture style, her lectures are actually very organized, to-point and useful. Her exams are all based on lectures so just go through the examples in lecture. She also gives out a practice exam which is VERY similar to the actual exam. Attendance is not mandatory although there is extra credit for participation.
1.0 : Poor responses to questions asking to clarify; unrealistic expectations regarding prior knowledge; lack of genuine concern for students' learning:  "I don't teach in class, you have to teach yourself beforehand;" disregards students' comments of concern and misunderstanding; unreasonable expectations for in-class assignments; poor use of time
1.5 : She is not very clear about anything. If you ask her a question she will go on a 10 minute tangent that will not help you at all. Also, she treats everyone in the class like little kids. The class itself is not too hard of you study a lot, but she really is a terrible teacher. I like her as a person but I would never want her to be my teacher again
1.0 : When you have trouble her answer is "deal with it outside of class." what is the point in teaching if your going to tell your students you need an outside tutor to pass? her reviews are IN-CLASS EXERCISES and absolutely useless for the test they are supposed to prepare you for. avoid her like the plague and get into a different Spanish class fast.
2.0 : Prof. Hsu is a very kind and passionate person. But, she is not good at teaching. Her explanations are very unclear and confusing. She is always willing to answer questions, but there is no guarantee it will be helpful. You have to study the notes to succeed. Also, her accent can make her difficult to understand when she lectures quickly.
1.0 : I am sorry you have the misfortune of taking this class as it is likely mandatory because you are in the MPAcc program. Very confusing, slides are pretty sparse but you need to know details for the test. Not good with alternate explanations or examples. No textbook because you basically just read the codification.
2.5 : I feel deep sympathy with Jennifer Webster and she seems kind and intelligent as well as absorbed in central Asian history. That said, she is a very bad lecturer at this point in her career, is disorganized in assigning readings based on subject, and makes what is really thrilling history into a jumble of tangled dates and locations. She's learning
1.0 : Rude to students who give any kind of opinion that isn't her own. Ridicules people for being or thinking differently than her. I don't believe that it is her intention a lot of the time but that's no excuse for being rude or unkind. Was often late to her own lectures and often gave bad impressions.
2.0 : Probably the worst history class I've taken so far. She obviously knows her stuff, but I got the impression she was too far into by her dissertation to know what baseline knowledge in the field was... really threw us in at the deep end and seemed preoccupied and hurried throughout. Lectures very boring and her grading scale was insane... 80% 2.0.
3.0 : Friendly, willing to help, knowledgeable but not a good lecturer. She's a graduate student so i guess the expectations should be lower. You must be prepared to study on your own as her lectures aren't helpful. But she does grade fairly easily on exams and essays. I would recommend it as long as you are willing to take the extra steps to pass.
1.0 : Jennifer Webster is a nightmare. She is definitely knowledgeable but she is an extremely poor lecturer. It was nearly impossible to follow along with her lectures- they were so disjointed and sloppy. She was super unclear about expectations, due dates, etc and generally totally disorganized. She was late to class several times and was often rude.
2.0 : she is the most confusing professor on campus, and grading is horrible, you do not receive the grade you deserve what so ever
2.0 : Oh Gail. She's not afraid to be sassy and tell it like it is. Don't get on her bad side. If you actually sit down with her, she can be helpful although it might take some time to get to that point. My time with her was okay but I much rather would have taken from some of the other instructors.
1.0 : Didn't learn a whole lot from her. Apparently the rest of the class didn't either, low average on our exams and she didn't really seem to care at all. Only positive was she didn't take attendance but other then that I would attempt to avoid taking her.
1.0 : Took this class with an open mind knowing all of the horrible feedback I've heard about her, ended up screwing my chances of getting into my designated major. Exam 2 is nothing like any HW or quiz you take in prep for it. I'm a self learner but this is just plain teaching yourself, please beware if there's another prof teaching it take them!
2.0 : Did not learn much of anything, except that I  despise Tableau. Her final grading scale is whack (85%  3.0, never seen that before) and her lectures are basically pointless. You will teach yourself a lot of the class. But overall it was kind of easy, I just did not like her very much.
4.0 : This class is not hard to get an A, but 50% of your grade is dependent on group projects, do beware of that. There are 2-5 homeworks due every week, but doesn't take long to complete.
2.5 : I've taken other Stat class before, and Katherine is by far quite the easiest. Her approach is old-fashion paper and pen or pencil when it comes to solving problems, but she does know the tech-savvy way of solving the problems using excel and whatnot. Her tests are quite easy but the group project is hard!
1.0 : This class really isn't hard, if you're the type of person who can be self taught. She is just not a good teacher. She is a lazy teacher. She doesn't teach the class, she just hands out worksheets and expect you to know how to do the problems. The class really isn't hard, besides the group projects. She grades the projects tough.
1.0 : This professor is horrible. Her first and favorite response after you ask her a question is 'what do you think' or 'what do y'all think' and waits stares at you blankly when you don't know (because you asked). This class is more of a self-taught kind of class, and really not that engaging. Group projects are weighted ridiculously.
2.0 : I took this class because it was required by my IAS degree. But she is a hard grader, and she is hard to understand in class. We have had to  correct her on answers she gives us, and the feedback she gives isn't that helpful besides on group projects. There is a problem when half of the class fails an exam.
2.0 : I went into the class hoping to learn how to us data viz software, but was let down. She really doesn't teach you much. Class meetings are pretty much pointless. About 4-5 assignments due a week. All that being said, still a really easy class. But frustratingly pointless.
1.0 : I suggest not taking her for STATS. She has a project that causes more distraction than learning that lasts the entire class. The project is about 10 parts which are all do one week apart from each other. Also she is terrible at showing how to do stats formulas and work. She assumes everyone already understands stats. She has DB that waste time.
1.0 : Took data visualization with Cook, and learned absolutely nothing. She used this course for her own benefit to research immunizations for WithinReach, which is a non-profit. Felt like she taught us nothing about visualizations and really didn't care about teaching students how to use a program like Tableau. Avoid her.
5.0 : I think she is a great teacher! She cares about student interests for projects and gives a lot of freedom to choose what you will research and how you will do it. I LOVE that I had the option to work alone versus a group project for the duration of the course. She has clear expectations and instructions and her I enjoy her class and lectures!
1.5 : If you like online homework, is a self-learner and like a professor who asks questions as answers then this prof is for you. I liked the fact that hw was online (with unlimited tries to get it correct). I HATED cluster discussions. During class she asked a question, no one understood and stared at us for 5 minutes. I took a hybrid version.
2.0 : Im sorry to say, the course taught me nothing and bored me out of my mind. It was also pretty annoying that we were developing work for a nonprofit. what was even more disappointing was that you went in thinking you were going to learn about how to use data software. you ended up just making a couple bar graphs on Tableau. I now hate Tableau
2.0 : Didn't learn anything about data visualization or data software, but the amount of work assigned was fair.
1.0 : Horrifying, I would wait a quarter if I were you...
5.0 : Best professor I have had at UW.
1.0 : Awful teacher. She expects students to know so much that it is impossible to catch up. So many assumptions and irregular discussions. Only someone who's taken this class before may succeed, maybe.  I ended up dropping this class after a while. Be very, very, VERY aware of this class. Soul crusher.
1.0 : Best Professor Ever :)
1.0 : Horrible at explaining basic concepts. She basically expects you to have pre-knowledge of stats before coming to an introductory stat class. She barely gives any useful examples that correlates to the homeworks, and the Rstudio labs have almost no direction or explaining. Basically had to teach myself all the material. Avoid like the plague.
1.0 : Never take her class. She goes through lectures too fast. There is no time to digest anything she said in class because there are at least 70 slides in one 50 minutes class. For me, going to class does not help at all except for review.   No excuse or late days for homework or lab.
1.0 : If you have never taken statistics, get a different professor. This prof simply points and talks about complicated examples making it hard to actually learn how to do the equations yourself. She claims that is what the homework is for where you only get one chance to answer correctly.
1.0 : She had a hard time grasping that students weren't statisticians and were unable to meet her high expectations like finishing a 14page practice final in 36 hrs during finals week! Then NOT GIVING US CREDIT FOR HER MISTAKES! All of us who worked hard for nothing b/c it was convenient for her! Doesn't help you out if things happen ie death in family
2.5 : She's a nice lady and a good teacher, but not my favorite. Her lectures are confusing sometimes and I found much better explanations of many of the topics on YouTube. You have a weekly homework assignment that is logical and based off the textbook, plus a lab using the R computer program. Take good notes and study a lot and you'll do fine.
1.0 : Aplia&amp;textbook teach me stat.
1.0 : I learned nothing from the lectures, ZERO. Terrible class.
1.0 : The lectures were not helpful. The lecture slides don't make sense unless you went to class. She was also unfair because she expects every student to be a statistician, and gave us a 14 page final with 36 hours to finish it! I would avoid her at all costs. However, if you take her class, READ THE TEXTBOOK! You WILL FAIL if you don't read it!
2.5 : His class is bit boring and sometimes his explanation only confuses you more, but he definitely is not the worst prof at UW. Go to the class, read the books, do homework and practice exams, you'll be fine.
4.0 : If you take the time to learn and read from the book (easy to read book), then you'll pass the class with A++++
1.0 : Vigorously inept at giving a lecture, follows slides prepared by professors at WSU, but can't explain why or how it works.  Goes off topic regularly.  Gives tests on material he has not yet lectured on and complains if you read ahead in the book.  Proclaims himself an industry leader with decades of experience; but can't demonstrate w/o cheatsheet.
1.0 : Slides are super confusing. Some of the questions are super hard and the answers are ambiguous. Don't take this class.
1.0 : Terrible professor. She doesn't teach you any of the formulas, she never goes through practice problems, and she uses very very advanced vocabulary. This "intro" class is taught like an advanced class. The TAs don't know anything either. My advice? Take the online version.
1.0 : Very poor teacher, do not take a class from her. At 5 weeks through the quarter only about 20 people in the 160 person lecture were still attending. She also makes students do labs on R which the other professors don't do (you learn nothing). Very unhelpful, demotivating, and comes across  a bit mean sometimes when students answer a question wrong.
1.0 : If you go to class, she will go through the slides too fast to keep up, even if they had anything useful typed on them. Can be rude/snobby and you can't ask her questions without a snide comment. Super confusing, and doesn't care about her students. Adds things to the tests the night before. Might as well take the online course.
1.0 : Worst teacher I have had at UW. Maybe the worst teacher I have ever. She is extremely monotone. She doesn't make it very clear what is going to be on the test. Her labs aren't that hard but they don't really help you learn. Take this class with someone else.
1.5 : Vandra is losing her grasp on the material, and, sadly, her poor health is a distraction to the class. Vandra may have been a good professor twenty years ago. However, now she is struggles to give a lecture. My only advice: avoid her if possible.
1.0 : This class was truly dissatisfying. From start to finish it was unorganized and did not follow the guidelines provided in the syllabus. Frankly, I learned more about the concepts through my own research than class lectures and readings. It is difficult to understand what is expected and how she grades the assignments.
1.0 : Disorganized, out of date, and straight incompetent. Don't expect replies to your emails or to receive grades promptly. Final grades were due on Tuesday and she still has not turned them in.
1.5 : Very unorganized.  The first syllabus given to the class was an old class that contained many mistakes.  Official syllabus was  finalized in week four of class.  Assignment directions were often unclear.  This is more of a self taught class using the text book to accomplish the team project and assignments.
1.0 : Disorganized and extremely frustrating course.
1.0 : Surprised to find this class was NOT about landscape architecture. More of a criticism of western society. Some of the topics are interesting but very subjective. I would have liked it more if there had been more data and research to support the topics. Instead it was a stage for the prof to showcase her opinions about topics. Very disappointed.
3.0 : She really seemed to care about the material. I really liked how it was a LARCH class but included all kinds of elements of the built environments- like public spaces and gentrification. It is a lot more work than I thought it would be. There are four papers and attendance is basically mandatory.
1.0 : Honestly one of the worst classes I have taken at UW. The actual material is interesting, but Rhea somehow manages to take all the interest out of it and turn it into a concoction of memorization and insanity. Lots of work for a 3 credit class, but unfortunately had to take for Global Health minor.
1.0 : Extremely unhelpful and extremely unclear in what he expects from students.
1.0 : Absolutely awful professor. Took for an intro-level stats class... where she assigned hours of homework every week, daily quizzes, and a group project that was worth 50% of the overall grade. I'm not sure how she got a job working for the UW.
2.0 : Nancy is someone I really enjoyed having as a teacher. She is a motherly figure and brings food a lot which anyone loves. Beware, she is a very tough grader. Many of us had to redo assignments multiple times because she didn't think we answered it correctly. I wish she would give more clear instructions for her assignments.
2.0 : Nancy is very knowledgeable about curriculum approaches and effective practices in early childhood practices, but she does not show much understanding or openness to different students' views.  Most of her assignment comments are online and can be fairly contradictory and negative, even discouraging. Grading sometimes seems entirely opinion-based.
4.5 : I took her for Interdisciplinary Inquiry, which is all about teaching people to think differently.  For those that say she doesn't make things clear, she isn't trying to. She wants you to think and come up with your own response. Very intelligent woman!!
1.5 : Very intelligent and enthusiastic. Good on office hours. Grades assignments late, harsh grader. Will never take her again
1.0 : Assigns lots of busy work. Lectures are long. Never clearly answers questions because the class is supposed to be about critical thinking. Grades very strict. Grades papers late. Gives assignments just days before they are due. Would not recommend taking her.
2.5 : Intelligent person, not a good teacher. assigns work without clear expectations. class is about critical thinking which is fine,does not do a great job of guiding the class. lectures for a long time and after the assignment in question and expectations becomes confusing. purpose of class starts out clear then becomes blurred later on in course.
2.0 : I read the reviews before signing up for a class with this professor. Her organization style is so out of place. She makes simple concepts so COMPLEX (i.e. demand/supply). I would avoid her if you could. She doesn't use powerpoints, it's all dry lectures. Also, she's very strict with attendance, your grade will drop if you don't show up.
2.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. with this women. I took it based off opium. I was totally excited but she never taught on this topic. She had us go watch videos on our own time in the library. Reading 40 pages on how to be a productive group member was a waste of time. Readings where ridiculous but the worst thing was her grading.
2.0 : Charu is very nice and VERY smart, but everyone showed up to class every day having NO idea what was going on. Her assignments are vague and her answers when you ask for clarification are cryptic. If you're like me (meaning, you need certainty and guidance), you're going to want to pull your hair out every day. VERY unclear teaching style.
1.0 : She's enthusiastic.. I guess that's cool. But what in the world? I can't figure out what I learned in this class. Her assignments are super confusing and I hate asking her questions. She never answers your question correctly... NEVER. I ask her one thing, she answers with something that has nothing to do with my question? NEVER GOT MY GRADES BACK.
1.0 : Should have read the site before taking her class. Her instructions are confusing, her clarifying answers after the fact are even more so, and to top it off it takes her forever to grade assignments. I know this is a required class but if you have any other options for who to take it with do it. She is nice but not for this class
1.5 : She is a very intelligent and nice person, however she is very unclear about every assignment which gets you to think about things in your own way which makes since given the class however its really frustrating because you never know how you're doing in the class or if you're doing good.I only have gotten 2 grades back this whole quarter..
3.0 : Very charismatic/fun professor. Assignments were reasonable and she wasn't an overly harsh grader. Three exams including the final weren't overly difficult or terribly easy, either, but each includes a long essay (think 1.5-3 full pages written out). Activities in class were a bit of a time sink - nice break in routine, but draining on the clock.
2.0 : Read the Book. And start your homeworks as early as possible and get as much help as you can get. If you come in armed only with the stuff you know from EE215 and general EE knowledge, this won't be an easy class. The content itself is actually pretty easy, but if you depend solely on lecture and quiz section, you are not going to succeed.
3.0 : Exams were challenging with 60-70% averages on the midterms and 50% average on the final, but partial credit grading was very fair. Reading the textbook is essential and you can do well on the exams with lots of practice problems from the textbook. Explanations in class were not always clear which makes the book so important.
1.0 : A nice person, but an oblivious professor. Doesn't explain concepts clearly in class, so individu learning from the text is essential. Class organization with labs is also poor: Labs will often require use of new tools with no documentation or guidelines. In last quarter of class, the textbook is no longer used, so lecture notes are all you have. D
1.5 : He is nice and if you asking him questions will always net a response, but he isn't very clear. Labs were individual write-ups despite being group effort, and homework will require at least 6-7 hours a week. This class feels like an 8 credit class with how long the labs / homework is and the exams are difficult. Exam avg: 50. Would not recommend.
1.5 : He seems to be a nice guy, but also one of the most disorganized professors I have ever seen. He also seemed to be oblivious to the difficulty of his assigned lab reports and homework, which took roughly 8 hours per week EACH.
3.0 : Very interested in the content of the course. She is a fine teacher overall -- engages the students by fostering a  discovery learning atmosphere. Many students audit this course.
1.0 : Gives a lot of unnecessary work. Very unclear with her assignments and tries to use big words that makes her instructions even more confusing. I have a passion for web design and her class ruined it for me... big time. I learned absolutely nothing in her class. The the class's subject should've been a lot easier, she just made it difficult.
2.5 : Meh class.. Long lectures, lots of little assignments, 1 group project, in-class midterm, and take home final. Accent is a little hard to understand, and she doesn't explain things clearly. but she's very nice, helpful, and willing to clarify. EASY class if you stick to it and participate. Most classes could've been reduced to 1 hr.
4.5 : At first she may seem awkward with her heavy accent. But once you get past that she is very knowledgeable and well spoken. She is helpful and uses class time well. Her feedback is very useful and encouraging. Her book she wrote is very interesting and relevant to current student life.
2.0 : Her accent makes it difficult to engage fully in her drawn out lectures. Expect a lot of useless reading. Points for homework assignments are a bit silly, either worth 1 or 4 points for long assignments, depending on mood. I took this class to learn more about "advanced" web designed, instead I gained close to no new knowledge. Dont recommend
1.0 : She is not very helpful when she needs to be. Especially since this class uses Drupal(outdated version), you will hit a lot of errors. Her attempt at troubleshooting will just be telling you that you missed something and to go back and read the book. Problem is, the book is outdated too, so the instructions are wrong to begin with
1.0 : She enlisted a new policy where she locks the door after 10 minutes of class. So if you're late, you won't get in. As a commuter, this is sometimes problematic. And her unwillingness to let tardiness slide actually hurts the student's learning more than it helps.
1.0 : The material we are expected to know is not difficult. But she makes it harder than it is and this comes up on quizzes. The questions are asked in a non straight forward manner. The class is about building a website, so it's pretty general. Her questions seem to ask for general answers, but the answers are very specific and overly meticulous.
3.0 : The professor is definitely knowledgeable about the subject she teaches, however, the course itself is extremely advanced especially b/c no lower level courses introduce the topics she teaches. Lots of little assignments and difficult readings. Are expected to build a professional website AND learn how to use a new platform in 10 weeks.  Too much.
1.0 : Her lectures are useless, and a waste of time. She doesn't know that much about the topic she teaches. I came into the class hoping to learn some principles of web design but she basically threw drupal and ostraining to you and has you follow tutorials. She's not clear about her grading scheme, she uses canvas for 'communication'.
2.0 : This teacher cares a lot about her students.  That, however, doesn't make her a good teacher.  She does not have clear guidance, and her lectures are hard to follow.  The content of the class was not difficult, but her teaching style made it increasingly challenging.  The textbook we used did not reflect well for the course due to info layout.
1.0 : Jessica is the worst instructor I've had at UW, possibly in my entire life. Like someone else said, you won't get a single grade or comment until your final grade is posted. She doesn't seemed interested in teaching at all, nor does she seem to care about her students. I actually cried a few times because I was so confused about what she wanted.
4.5 : Jessica is fabulous. She really knows her stuff when it comes to poetry. She is always upbeat, encouraging, and stresses her availability during office hours (go! she gives great feedback and will provide you with suggested reading material). i would recommend taking a course with this instructor if you want to become a better poet.
1.0 : terrible teacher
1.5 : Passionate about poetry, absolutely horrendous teaching. Instructions are extremely vague and you will not receive a single grade/score on any assignment until your final grade is posted after the quarter is over, which will be much lower than you would reasonable expect (and I've talked to multiple people). Any other poetry teacher is better.
4.5 : I loved Jessica. She was always available to talk to me about my work, and her encyclopedic knowledge of poetry really helped me to find poets I could learn from. She's super encouraging and enthusiastic. That being said, she is a difficult grader, and can sometimes be unclear.
1.0 : I'm trying to save you! Do not take this teacher! I pity the fools that might be sitting in this class next year.
3.5 : Jessica has an encyclopedic knowledge of poetry, and offers lots of recommendations if you are looking for poets to read. She really cares about students becoming better writers and poets, and she was so encouraging to me. Sometimes she can be unclear, but if you just take time to talk to her you'll be better off for it.
1.0 : Worst writing class I've ever taken. I love writing but after this class I never want to write again. She also lets her political views dictate everything in the class, everything. I couldn't tell you a thing about analysis and synthesis but I could tell you about why college should be free. Avoid. 100% Avoid.
1.0 : I took this class thinking I would learn more, but I already knew most of the stuff she was talking about from my AA in Psychology. Expect groupwork, which made it feel like she didn't want to teach the class. As a non-resident,  I needed at least 6 credits for my loan, and I already regret taking this course. Don't do it.
2.0 : Will, as a person, is easy enough to get along with. However, I was very bored with the material in this class, especially the theory of economics or something. I fell asleep. Be prepared for sarcasm from this one. I didn't mind, being sarcastic myself.
1.0 : Will is a real doozy, both in terms of his obnoxious personality and his atrocious "grading" criteria.
1.0 : I enjoy Will's dark/sarcastic/dry sense of humor, but he is rude, does not grade well, takes weeks to return assignments and is painfully incompetent. Worst of all is that he is not very knowledgeable in course content and frequently is corrected by students, and teaches ideologies that he can't explain. Only Marxists will enjoy this class.
2.5 : He was very unclear on the first assignment but explained better for the next few. This class did not need much clarification because it was pretty straight forward, His grading is very standard with slight leniency depending on the class. Overall cool class, and a take home final.
1.0 : Will was very rude to his entire class, demanding us to "shut up" on multiple occasions, he confessed to delaying the grading of our papers in order to binge Stranger Things, and told us that our final would be an exam, but then last minute and without warning changed the final into a large and very difficult 3 part essay!
1.5 : Grading is arbitrary. If you ask to see his grading he will divert the question. He shows up at noon during your lab and then docks your grade when you can't stay past 5pm even if you've been there since 8am. Laziest professor I've ever had.
3.0 : You really have to pay attention to the lectures.  Take notes on the slides he passes out, because the slides are only part of the material you need to know.  Anything mentioned in lecture is fair game for the test.
4.0 : This was such a fun class! We had several classes that were devoted to hearing from guests who had experience in the areas we were studying. The reading materials were easy to read and interesting. Don't expect to 4.0 his class. He uses the program grading scale which requires 99+% to earn a 4.0. Otherwise he grades fairly and generously.
1.0 : Poorly prepared. Doesn't explain concepts well. Chas expectations after giving assignments. Passive-aggressive in class. WORST class that I had in 4 years because of him. 1/3 of our class is going to the dept. head at the end of the quarter to complain about him!
1.0 : Toughest classes at UW taught by its weakest faculty. Did they not check if she could teach before they hired her? I feel totally gypped in my education. She lectures from material she doesn't even provide (versions she provides are ALWAYS missing slides &amp; figures), and is completely disconnected from / uncaring of students. Read the book or fail.
1.0 : Unorganized. Explains diagrams in a convoluted matter, to the point that even she doesnt understand what she said. Lectures don't cover all the reading material. Doesn't set clear expectations for the course (we don't know what the focus of the class is, because the reading is all over the book). She is not knowledgeable in this subject.
1.0 : I would recommend not going to the lecture and just watching the lecture recordings. She doesn't explain concepts well. She says to know everything in the readings and she will only focus on a few of those topics. She puts questions on the exam that were not even covered during lecture, so pretty much you're learning everything from the textbook.
1.0 : 90% of class contents not provided before lecture. 85% of in-class time is taking notes; understanding her already confusing explanations is virtually impossible. She has issues in clarifying concepts, but whoever in the BIOC department designed the structure of lectures should be fired. Second BIOC course, still not sure why I take them.
1.0 : AWFUL. She mumbles, makes mistakes, stutters and won't tell you what is going to be on the exam. She also tends to blame students for poor exam averages and gets a bit emotional.
1.5 : She purposefully is unclear about what material is relevant for exams, and says the entire textbook is fair game. She often contradicts the text or is flat-out wrong. Her contribution to the course is essentially lecturing about the easiest material in the mountain of reading she assigns, then writing extraordinarily hard exams.
1.0 : It's true. All of it.
1.0 : Halfway through class. Got a 4.0 in BIOC 440 and am 2 std devs above this quarter. That said Miller makes are lots of speaking mistakes (gets enzyme names wrong), multiple mistakes on answer key in exam which took two weeks to fix and tons of regrades, horrible averages (43 avg and 73 max). Low max means a bad test, not dumb students. AVOID.
1.0 : Horrible professor. Does not help when asking for clarification, and most of the time  makes the class more confused. Gets mad when someone points out that her lecture slides or what she says is wrong, and blames it on student misinterpretation. I do not believe that she knows the subject well enough to teach at all.
1.0 : Wow, avoid if you can, not likely since she seems to be the instructor for the first half of 441 now. Awful lecturer, tries to be funny then blames the entire class for doing poorly on tests when she never explains what to know for them and doesn't teach it well in the first place.
1.0 : One of the worst lecturers I've had at UW. She's unclear and often gets content wrong during lectures and contradicts herself; this often requires you to rewatch lectures online and read the textbook to clear up misinformation she gives. I had very little confidence in her knowledge.
1.0 : Lectures are of no help on exams, as the questions are only somewhat related to whats covered. Acts like a control freak during exams, yelling at people to sit in specific sections and/or seats - an awesome start to an already stressful exam. None of the studying techniques learned during BIOC440 are helpful here. This is the worst professor at UW.
1.0 : The most unorganized professor I have ever had at UW. Makes so many critical mistakes on lectures and exam grading rubric. Unfair grader, and does not deal with her mistakes well. I am very upset that everyone is required to have her as an instructor for BIOC441.
1.0 : She's the worst professor. Every time during lecture, she makes a mistake and she doesnt bother clearing it up. Like about the word "Glutaminergic", theres no such word as that, and only after we pressed her on it, did she admit that she made up that word, and it was meant to be 'glutamatergic'. Even her exam questions are completely wrong.
1.0 : One of the worst professors ever, she is constantly stubbing over words and correcting herself. Her slides are pictures from the book, so you're better off reading the book as it would likely be more clear than her. She doesn't care if you understand, she yelled at the class for the average being 43 rather than evaluating her own teaching skills.
1.0 : Miller was an unclear lecturer and she also frequently gave my class incorrect lectures slides, some of which she never bothered correcting. She scolded our class for doing badly on the test which tested these concepts which she presented incorrectly; I found that extremely insulting. She is poor professor among an otherwise talented bioc faculty
1.0 : She is an extremely incompetent professor.  Treats students' grades like they're some sort of joke. On the first two midterms and all the quizzes there have been at least 20 errors which she refused to correct because "regrading all the tests is unrealistic" so people are losing points despite having the correct answer due to incompetent laziness.
1.5 : Basically just messes up on lectures, either verbally or written, and doesn't catch her mistakes until someone speaks up. Her writing on the slides is almost always illegible and incorrect. She also never responded to my emails and messages about a Canvas error during a quiz, which did not help me in the slightest.
3.0 : Professor Miller must have improved over previous year because I took for her for the first half of 2017's 441 and she was fine. Grades tough--the class is no joke but all the material for the exam is in the lecture slides. On exam day, very controlling of where students sit and creates unnecessarily stressful environment.
1.5 : I'd have to agree with everyone else. The 43 average with a high of 73 was just unfortunate. It really can't be the students fault when it's THAT bad. She dun' goofed bad.
3.5 : I thought she was really good but if you don't go to class or read in advance, its easy to get lost. She pulled one hard question but it was out of the quarter. Way clearer and more engaged than other lecturers!
1.0 : One of the all time worst professors I have ever had the misfortune of learning from. She made many errors and did NOT give points for correct answers on the exam!! Even after asking for a regrade on those questions. Blamed us for her inability to teach material! Her answer to ALL student questions was read the book! She should not be teaching!!!
2.0 : exam is not that hard as long as u did homework, book problems and practice exam. bioc exam use  old exam questions so practice exam is key to get some of the points! There was a mistake in one of our weekly quiz and someone posted it to ask for clarification, but she end up locking the discussion post, and no further response. very bad attitude !!
1.0 : Writes wrong exam keys, refuses to change it, penalizes students that wrote correct answers and rewards students with points for the wrong answers. Her excuse? "Your answer doesn't match the key" (the keys is wrong) and "I would have to regrade all 300 exams".  She makes UW Department of Biochemistry look bad.
1.0 : Hands down the worst professor I've ever had at the university. While my grade in the class was fine, it was not worth the struggle. She spent most of her time condescending her students when they asked for help and blamed us for her unclear and convoluted exams. On top of it all, she refused to admit her mistakes when errors were noted in her key.
1.0 : she's so confusing. she doesn't know what she's talking about most of the time. makes so many mistakes on exams and quizzes. the exams are really hard.
1.0 : I usually don't hate profs, but she's an exception. I absolutely hated her and her way of teaching. She's not willing to answer questions and tells us to "read the textbook." She's frustrating, hard to deal with, and her tests are unclear. She tries to be the "cool" nonchalant professors, but ends up being a prof that doesn't give a crap about us.
1.0 : In all of my years at UW, he is by far the worst professor I have ever had. He lacked a basic understanding of the English language, making it impossible to comprehend what he was teaching. He also lacked the ability to write tests. The wording of the questions was completely nonsensical. Do NOT take any of his classes.
3.0 : He was a horrible teacher overall.  Thick accent made it difficult to understand.  Messy and unorganized handwriting.  Weekly quizes which are very difficult, pretty much like a midterm.  Moves faster than most econ professors.  We were learning ECON 300 material in ECON 200.  I now hate econ because of him.  STAY AWAY.
1.0 : Probably the worst professor I've ever had. Can't understand him. I studied the textbook and that didn't even help me on the midterms. The midterms are worded so weird that It's hard to understand what the question is asking you to do even if you know the material. And he plays with bubbles in class.... AVOID THIS PROFESSOR!
1.0 : Difficult to understand. Can't provide alternate explanations when asked. Peers were more helpful than him.
3.0 : I had her for Geog of env and development. I learned a TON, the TA was super helpful, and as a team they made for a really good class. Lectures were a little awkward, the class seemed to hate answering questions, but overall I found the content fascinating and illuminating. Just council w the TA for your essays, you'll be fine.
1.0 : Took ENGL 131 w/ Prof Brown. It was a not a good experience. She had us write about our past educational experiences w/ repetitive prompts and honestly, there is only so much you can write about this topic. Harsh grader &amp; unclear grading criteria. Do not take this course. It messed up my GPA despite all my hard work &amp; effort. I regret it so much...
1.0 : Knew the subject but beginning weeks of class talked about herself or other areas of the subject that didn't pertain at all to what she wanted us to learn for exams. The entire class FAILED the first quiz she ever gave us because it included NOTHING from ANY of the lectures. Her advice? READ THE BOOK. Even tho everyone read the book...
1.0 : She is the worst professor I have ever had in my life!! She is the most condescending person I have ever dealt with in my life and she makes you feel really stupid. Anytime I or any other person tried to ask her a question, she was very dismissive and made you feel like you were not a priority at all. Her classroom isn't a stress free classroom.
2.0 : Took "Shakespeare and Film" with Louise, she is energetic and passionate about Shakespeare. However, we watched 30 minutes of each film, and out of the 4 required texts, we never spent class time reading or analyzing them. We did write essays on every one though. Class time was wasted, expectations are unclear, grades you based on her writing style
2.5 : If you want a research writing class--this isn't for you. Prof. Spiegler has an intense passion for history, which turns this class essentially into a history lesson. You HAVE to write a paper on history, and there are multiple history lectures. This is not what I signed up for.
2.0 : Tough grader, Stickler, and narrow minded.
1.0 : He said, "I rarely give 4.0s". If you need a high GPA for grad school, skip taking any class from him. He is not helpful, cryptic lectures, and very subjective with grading. Even if you're an awesome student, you'd never know it after his class.
1.0 : Worst decision ever was to take this class....
1.0 : terrible handwriting, lectures aren't relevant to assignments, only used the book twice, doesn't reply to email's, hell doesn't READ his emails. Puts assignments up the day their due, his instructions are trash actually doesn't even bother spell-checking. You also have to pay to read or watch things he assigns. Randomly assigns papers, no warning.
1.0 : Jacoby is passionate about his work--I'll say that. But, he has a very hard time communicating his thoughts and the concepts of the class. Often, we had to ask him to repeat or rephrase. What I disliked most about his style, though is that it was dry and repetitive. I do not believe I learned anything substantive, and I am sad I chose his class.
1.5 : Qing has good intentions, but his thick accent and anxiety in front of a classroom make his lectures nearly incomprehensible. He lacks experience, and is known to skip topics to go back to later once he "feels less nervous." He has let other classes in before tests were finished, and forgotten how to do certain problems! I feel bad for the guy.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH THIS TEACHER, YOU WILL REGRET IT
1.5 : He was a TA for the class I took under Knox. The quiz section was boring and everyone used to leave in middle. He should explain clearly, loudly and with clarity,which is missing.
1.5 : While he seems like a nice guy, his English is awful. It is almost impossible to understand what he's saying and he gets confused and backtracks a lot. You can tell he's passionate and he does have a nice grading curve, but I could not get past the language barrier and his use of somewhat inappropriate examples.
1.0 : Can't understand him at all.
4.5 : His accent is difficult to understand and his English is rather broken. If you can get past that though, you will find that his thoughts and ideas are incredibly clear and lucid. He is extremely helpful in office hours. If you love economics, you will find him inspiring. If you don't, his difficulties with English will make class very frustrating
2.0 : I took Zhang spring quarter of '15. Yes, his English is horrible, I spent most of the time ignoring everything he said. But, I was amazed at how easy the class was. We had one quiz, a midterm, and final, and the rest was homework. Some weeks he never gave homework. I honestly watched tons of ACDC YouTube videos to learn microecon.
4.0 : I have to admit that his English is terrible, but it doesn't mean his class is not clear. He will test you what he teaches, and as long as you listen to him carefully and ask questions after classes, the class should be easy. If you ignore what he says n even don't pay attention just due to the bias(because his badEnglish speaking), you will fail.
1.0 : Nice teacher but she is extremely hard on students with grades. I can't imagine what a student would have to do to get an A short of sacrificing their first born child. For the final she expected us to write more than 60 sentences yet wouldn't narrow down what would be on the exam for us to have a chance at success--it's like she set us up to fail
1.0 : In one of our first classes, she handed out a worksheet for us to fill out about our knowledge of native americans. It included questions such as: what do they look like? What kinds of foods do they eat? She uses the deficit model when talking about cultural groups, and often comes off as being rude and disrespectful.
2.0 : Her lectures are super long and annoying but she does have irregular participation points so go to class. Her tests are not hard if you pay attention, so if you dont you need to read all the readings. She likes to quiz on the videos in class and she only likes you if you email her throughout.
3.0 : Brinda was one of the most inspirational professors I have had at the University.  She is awesome and gives you insights with particular cultural groups and her experiences with them.  Her guest speakers are what make her class really unique and entertaining.  Depending on the class, she usually dismisses class twenty minutes early, which was great
5.0 : Professor Jegatheesan is amazing she is tough when it comes to attendance but for a reason. There are amazing guest speakers who come in and she doesn't just teach you but inspires you! The midterm and final were pretty easy just some essays. Lots of readings but I didn't do any and I was fine. Major tip: show up to class!!
1.0 : Literally the worst professor I've had at UW. So bad that I decided to write my first Rate My Professor post.  She is 1) rude 2) unclear 3) doesn't put anything into the gradebook 4) rants about nothing 5) doesn't teach you anything Not even worth the easy A because of how little you learn and how much hair-pulling you do throughout the course.
1.0 : VERY EASY CLASS. Brinda is the worst professor I've ever had. She is the most disorganized person I have ever met. Her lectures have NO substance and I didn't learn anything in this class. Throughout the quarter, she only had 3 powerpoints and told us not to take notes. Going to class was pointless except random in class writings that are 5 points
5.0 : Prof. Jegatheesan comes off as extremely intimidating in her first few lectures, but if you go to class and really involve yourself with the lecture her knowledge on multiculturalism is incredible. Do your readings, go to class and participate! The group project is a pain with five people but just talk to her if you get stuck and she'll accommodate
1.0 : Unpredictable, very disorganized Mean Unkind Closed minded, does not want any feedback I will warn everyone not to take any class from her!!!
1.0 : Horrible
4.0 : She is a really caring professor, not many writing homework, just readings. And she gives reasonable tests questions, based mostly on lecture notes. She is really devoted in her education career, and she has lots of stories to tell from her past experiences. Really fun class to take, easy grade. Would definitely take her again if possible.
1.0 : Seriously to say, if you want to be interested in economics or consider the related majors. DO NOT TAKE HIS COURSE. CONFUSING, BORING.
1.0 : You cannot get anything on the class, the quiz and exam are too difficult!
1.0 : Totally confusing!!
1.5 : Very obviously inexperienced. Very unclear on his expectations which often changed. Poorly prepared. Frequent errors in his material.
1.5 : Basically useless as a teacher, heavily penalizes you for extremely minor things, and wholly unclear on the requirements. Often changes the homework 3 to 4 times (or more) after it's been assigned.
1.0 : I would have to say he has the worst grading structure of anyone I've taken CSS classes with. He is the only Professor I've ever had where certain variable names and commenting styles can drop your grade from an A to an F. You must spend more time finding out what makes him happy than actually learning the material. Pretty sad.
1.0 : Got up in front of the class today regarding most of the class complaining about our grades and told us we were smart, but lazy.  We aren't complaining because of the work content, we're complaining about the HW.  Bad variable name? -1 letter grade.  Imperfect Comments? -1  letter grade. That isn't a fully inclusive list. His instructions suck too.
1.0 : Spent all class debugging code built by OTHER professors. Vague instructions, he will dock points off for every tiny mistake and this doubles every assignment, so what people said about losing a letter grade was not a joke! You won't know what you did wrong on your assignment either, he will hand it back after you turn in the next assignment GG.
1.0 : Do you like learning? Don't take a class from this guy. His excuse for why code didn't work was always "Well, I didn't write it" and you'll never get a response back on homework until after the next one is due. He is very unorganized and adamant that his way is the right way even after admitting he doesn't have much experience in the field.
1.0 : He basically teaches the course like a refresher course as though people should already know the material going into the class.  He tries to apply his personal (and extensively long) coding guidelines on everybody and docks massive points if you miss one of his points somewhere which was usually the case since his HW was incredibly long/ambiguous.
1.0 : Nice guy, but I would not trust him with your grades. It is difficult to get above passing on the assignments. He grades like an ice skating judge. It isn't, "you got 80% correct" it is "you missed 7 things, you lose 35%."
1.0 : Everything about this class was disorganized and vague. His grading heavily penalizes you for simple mistakes. Never covered proper conventions, just what we shouldn't do. Spends lots of class time trying to get code to compile instead of teaching. When students ask questions, tells them to read the book instead of answering.  Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : Changes assignments 3 or more times before the due date. Often grades assignments wrong. Class time was spent looking at bad code. Tests seemed like he opened the book and pulled out random facts. It was more useful to play games in class than to listen to the lecture.
1.0 : This class was a disappointing experience.
1.0 : Never Never Never Never take his class! If you have to, consider to change another major.
2.5 : Good Professor. Hard to understand but is straight forward on expectations
2.5 : Lectures are long and boring. Lots of guest speakers from other departments who will talk about things that will not be in the test (it felt like a seminar), so if you are not interested in the topic just leave (he doesn't even show up for these lectures). HW &amp; Exams are easy.
1.5 : Very nice guy who will try to help if you ask for it. Does very interesting research. However, extremely unorganized class.   It is core ME curriculum and I haven't learned anything that I haven't taught myself. Unclear grading criteria, hard to understand during lecture. Tests don't test you on class material or homework. Good luck.
2.0 : The topic is interesting but the way that it is explained is very bad
2.0 : This is the worst class I've ever taken (I have 2 masters degrees). He and the practitioner he co-taught with admitted that they aren't interaction designers and that neither knows about the topic. It consisted of the first half being guest lectures and the second half being small group work. As a grad student, I don't expect to be lectured at.
1.0 : Fabiana often confused herself with her lectures, which made her very hard to follow. This class was a waste of time and money.
1.0 : Assigns a book and assignments that are almost worthless for help on the tests. When the class failed first midterm basically just says "its your fault"
1.0 : Useless. The whole class either failed or barely passed our midterm and she refuses to help students, adjust grades or take any responsibility. Basically, it's our own faults. She often makes mistakes in lecture and is constantly correcting herself, making it very confusing to follow the lesson. HW does NOT help prepare students for exams.
2.0 : She is sweet but she can be irritating sometimes because she can get confused then fix her mistakes right away therefore leading me to erase some notes. dont think her pre exams were all too helpful. just know shes not that type of professor that lets you know you are wasting your time on practicing problems she not going to test on. shes bearable
1.0 : She's horrible! The kind of teacher that doesn't know the simplified way to teach people. I've learned most of this stuff already and was able to easily understand and coming to her class I'm now confused about all of it. She always makes mistakes when she is talking and doesn't seem prepared. I feel when I come to this class it's totally pointless
1.5 : I wanted to like this class. I tried everything to like this class. I attended almost every office hour, and yet this class still destroyed me. It is unfair, and unclear. She may be extremely intelligent, but she is a horrible teacher. Also her English can be hard to understand.
3.0 : The CSSSKL lab was very straight-forward.  All of the material and expectations were clear.  Her voice isn't the clearest, she has an accent, but she definitely knows what she is doing.  She checks in with students and helps them when necessary.
4.0 : She was not hard for me, I did not struggle in her class although one bad thing that I don't like is how much homework she assigns, its way too much, sometimes you can have homework problems with 60 questions. Overall, I liked the class and had great experience.
3.0 : Yes she is a hard prof. Her Midterms are medium/hard. She explains concepts mostly through the hard/confusing ways. Expect a good amount of challenging online homework. Shes sometimes seems to be unorganized. However she is quite reasonable, nice, and funny. Keep your eye on lecture and get plenty of help from the QSC center and you might be OK.
1.0 : Her explanations in class would be more theoretical and she would give easy examples to go over. However the quizzes and exams were extremely harder than any of stuff we had gone over. A lot of students failed the first midterm completely. Also she seemed very inconsistent with what she wanted us to do.
2.5 : She would always confuse herself and would always get off topic quickly. Her quizzes were ok and her tests were hard. Its easier to ignore her after she gets to the point because after that you will scratch your head.
1.0 : If you have another choice take it!
1.0 : Some people just shouldn't be teaching. Fabiana is nice but, often, she confused herself in front of the class, and that made the mathematics incredibly difficult to follow. She wasn't much better one-on-one, either. I mean, I'm sure she's smart but being smart doesn't make you a good teacher.
4.5 : Exams were hard, lectures were long and boring. But let's face it, this is the nature of programming. I highly recommend outside studying or some familiarly with Python before taking this class since it will focus on Java. Professor is kindhearted and works hard to help students. Although she might not be the very best, she is a decent professor.
2.5 : I studied C# in the past before taking this class (Java).  Many of the concepts were similar, but she rushed through most of the basics.  If I hadn't studied programming before, this class would have been impossible.  IMPOSSIBLE.
1.0 : Thankfully I only had her as a lab instructor. I would never recommend taking a lecture course with her. She would lecture for an hour during the lab and I had to try to tune her out so I could actually get some coding done. Half of the points for the lab assignments come from attending the lab, which is super annoying. She acts like a babysitter.
2.5 : she is really pretty and cute.  Explanations would pretty bad, but although she grades extremely rough--she actually bumps it up later.  BIG extra credit... do more than 30 questions on homework a week and guaranteed A.  I was expecting a B overall but got a 4.0.  Allows computers in class, but no graphing calculators on tests
1.0 : This professor takes simple concepts of statistics and makes them extremely confusing and dense, adding in examples that detract from statistics. He spends more of lecture listening to himself talk then actually getting across any of the information from the textbook. If I hadn't read the textbook or had such an amazing TA  I would have failed.
1.0 : I have taken some really hard classes and this class was supposed to be one of my easiest ones but I have never struggled in a class so much before.
1.0 : Easy 4.0 if you learned stats in AP/IB math higher level stats option because professor Mark makes the lecture so confusing and useless that other students cannot understand what is statistics, and then you can take huge advantage on it.
1.0 : The worst proffessor that i have ever seen
1.0 : The worst stat professor and class that I ever had. He is really unorganized. I did not learn anything from his lectures, and I had to read the textbook and learn everything by myself. Don't take class with him unless you have to.
1.5 : He was a pretty nice teacher and easy grader but he was very confusing.
1.5 : Excessively inconsistent and remarkably confusing. Seems completely ignorant to the word "intro" in intro to psychology. Makes what could be a simple class insanely frustrating with heavy amounts of reading and unbelievably hard quizzes and test that make 60% of your grade. Very difficult to understand what is going to be tested and goes too quick.
1.0 : He was really hard to understand. This class is my major i had to withdraw from it bc i didn't want to receive a F.. He doesn't stick to a subject and he is really not teaching this class on the 100 level at all. I wouldnt take him if he taught you how to swim..
1.0 : It is his first time to teach statistics and the first midterm exam was very suck and eccentric(questions were hard to find). He talks a lot of examples and very less terms. I have to study by myself and read textbooks in order to do the assignments. His lecture is boring although he once invited a guest lecturer and showed some small videos.
3.0 : Do not take this if you are interested in political science concepts, but not statistics. Even though it's a 200 level class it's incredibly hard. Katie doesn't put lecture slides up, which makes studying very difficult. There's lots of small assignments that can really kill your grade. Katie is nice, but this class is just horrible.
1.5 : This class is terrible. You never know the rubric for any of the assignments and I've never been in a class where the average for homework assignments is so low. Lectures are boring and the TA's are entirely unhelpful. Lab is a waste of time and lectures are dry. Readings are long and confusing and are not covered in lecture unless you mention them
1.0 : Worst class I have taken in college thus far. The professor and TA are so unhelpful and nothing about the assignments or expectations is defined. I was very interested in this class before I took it, but I would never wish this class upon my worst enemy. It was a torture to sit through the boring lecture and quiz section was not at all correlated.
1.5 : Avoid getting her as a TA. Lecture is optional, class should be fairly easy but she's a harsh grader. Quiz section is very dry and boring. Talks in monotone voice and doesn't seem excited about the subject matter. Grades essays poorly and doesn't explain reasons for grades.
1.0 : Grades a 300 level research course on grammar. Monotone, content is dry, and redundant(citations, affect vs. effect, etc). She is not confident as an instructor and is not helpful with answering questions. Very rigid policies, can't tell you how you're doing in the course, and is disrespectful to any ideas she does not agree with. Avoid this TA.
1.0 : Maggie is really rude and disrespectful, she gets angry when her teaching is criticized and makes it known she does not enjoy helping students on their papers. This is the TA that you hear about in college horror stories.
1.0 : mean grader and not very helpful.
1.0 : 100% by the book. Even with excruciating circumstances she gave me 2.5 days to write a 24 page paper. Slow grader with no objective grading policy, no way to know how to do good or how to improve your grade until it's too late. Was very rude, laughed at me and rolled her eyes for asking questions, eager to get into conflict with her students. Bad!
1.0 : Worst professor Ive ever had. Has guest lecturers do her job 90% of the time and whenever she decides to teach its insanely biased. Workload is ridiculous as well given that its an intro class and neither the professor or the TAs seem particularly interested in how the students do. A shame because the course is interesting. Avoid her.
1.0 : Maggie is a sort of Dogmatism, for her focus too much on the textbook editor's opinion on global issues. Requirement for assignment is too ambiguous, we have to waste a lot of time to figure out what does instructor wants us to do.
1.0 : For an entry level class, there is a lot of work associated with it, not a lot of time. For the assignments you would have maybe three days max to do them, and a lot of the steps to finish them are unclear. Very vague exam guides and if you want a good grade you'll have to teach yourself. the lowest grade i will have this quarter is from this class
1.0 : WORST class I have ever had. It is an 100 level class but had so much work to do. Her assignment instructions were very vague. Every week we had to write long essay. Her lectures were useless. She didn't mention important concepts in class but just repeated nonsense over and over again. Her TA was terrible as well. This class was a disaster.
1.5 : Overall nice guy. Being this was his first class, seemed to be a bit confusing and his overall expectations weren't clear towards the end of the quarter. Take other writing teachers before his class and you'll do just fine.
1.0 : He doesn't make any sense and he repeats himself allot like a broken record. He doesn't enter grades when he is suppose to. He has a bloated ego and doesn't remember anything.
3.0 : Prof Valdez clearly cares about what she teaches and engages her class to not just textbook learning but applied learning.
2.0 : I was frustrated the entire quarter. Instructions aren't clear and her voice is hard to understand. Lectures and grammar were not college level. She is kind, but assignments are all busy work consisting of two article worksheet/week, and she only picks a couple to grade. So you better do all of them. It was difficult to figure out what she wants.
1.0 : This is the worst professor I have ever had. Her English is terrible, she treats the majority of her students like high schoolers, and her lectures are uninformative and boring. She  won't accommodate students if they need to miss class for a doctor's appointment or any other necessary reasons for an absence. I'm not sure how she even got this job.
1.0 : Do not take a class with this woman. Her lectures are a terrible, she expects way too much work for a 100 level class and she has a habit of assigning (pointless)assignments the day before they are due. She gets very anal about following her directions, which is almost impossible because of her vagueness and inability to explain anything clearly.
2.0 : Alot of busy work. She does have a thick accent, but it never bothered anyone in my ecology class. Lectures are loooooong and she will spend every minute covering it. Some had more than 70 slides per class! Note taking is very difficult and she is unorganized. I liked her as a person, but as a teacher... No. However, it was a grade booster class.
1.0 : I took the CROWS class. She is so disorganized and confusing! She assigned stuff the day before they were due. Her whole thing about having us be creative as well as scientific is annoying. Field-trip=waist of time. Class content is repetitive. Journal=useless. She is nice, but when it comes to the class boring and annoying. AGAIN, SOO disorganized
1.0 : Very disorganized, and not helpful at all. Not understanding if you miss class or an assignment. You have to call her Dr. Valdez or she will get mad. You can't really understand what she is saying a lot of the time. The class is very boring. Again, she is very disorganized!!
2.5 : She is very unorganized and made up the class as the quarter progressed. I think she is a great person, but her teaching is terrible. She is a really easy grader as long as you put some effort in. She did assign things the day before they were due, and should have had a better syllabus that said what the assignments were going to be. She made it up
3.5 : If you want a very easy 4.0 then take this class. I took her crows class and it was very easy. Do your work and you'll pass with flying colors. She also gives a lot of opportunities for extra credit. The only downfall to this class is that her classes were repetitive and she was very unorganized. Expect assignments being created one day ahead.
3.5 : Her powerpoints were filled with pictures which made it easy for visual learners. She is fun and easy going. Final exam was difficult but it was take home. We had class outside once which was awesome. Her accent is barely noticeable. She is very willing to help you succeed, always offers help and is a fair grader! *read the textbook for xtra cred
1.0 : Shes completely unapproachable as a teacher. She's unclear about assignments, has a thick accent which makes her hard to understand, and is completely disorganized. One of the worst teachers on campus
1.0 : She is completely disorganized &amp; unclear (instructions are vague &amp; her accent is annoying). When you ask a question, she makes the answer 100x more complicated &amp; confusing. She's rude when you ask questions. My grade literally dropped 6% b/c she didn't like my work, when she was unclear about what she wanted. Do NOT take her class!
5.0 : Professor Valdez is awesome. I had her for ecology and she was so passionate about the subject. She made that class a fun experience for me. There was a lot of reading and a lot of participation, but she's just making sure your engaged. Would definitely recommend she's great!
1.0 : The WORST prof I have ever had (and I've finished my BA). Expected way too much for a 100 level class: tried to require our summer class to attend an overnight field trip and when no one could attend, she added 2 extra CBLR hours to the class requirement. 8 hours of farming in 4 weeks! Completely unorganized, unclear, rude, and flaky. DO NOT TAKE!
2.5 : This class was an easy A for me but her grading is very picky and vague, so I feel like I just got lucky. Class was boring but the material was basic. No reading or studying required if you've taken intro to biology. There was A LOT of group busy work which was a pain in the ass. I like her as a person and researcher, iffy as a teacher.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I have had. Power points are grammatically incorrect, have an absurd amount of incorrectly spelled words and do not make sense, and mosts slides look so unprofessionally cut and pasted with images, that I am surprised she has a PhD at all. Her lectures are long and boring and don't really make sense a lot of the time.
1.0 : Took her BIS 141 class, requires 18 hours of CBLR, 5 blog entries, read a book within 2 weeks and prepare to present it to class, journal every week which you have to follow her instruction to get full credit. She expects too much from the students for 100 level class, it feels like 400 level class. DON'T TAKE HER CLASS !!!!!
1.0 : There is to much homework, this class has made this quarter hard by the amount of work I have to do for it. This class gives the amount of work of like 2 classes. Having to do  CBLR project , blogs, perfect journal entries on your own and doing long readings and answering 5 questions every week. It takes work time from other classes. Avoid taking.
5.0 : Professor Valdez might be a little bit tough on grading. However, for students who are interested in the topic, the experience of taking a class with her would be unforgettable. Her passion for wildlife biology and conservation is unparalleled. Also, the way she teaches her classes really gets you think critically about many global issues.
1.0 : This is not a hard class, but it has ridiculous amount of work to do. It is only a 100 level class and it should't be that loaded. Also very unorganized. Would not recommend taking.
2.0 : Jing Liu seemed like she knew a lot about math, but she had such a heavy accent, you couldn't understand a word she was saying if English is your first language.
2.5 : Grading for midterms and the final are unbelievably brutal in contrast to the quizzes. I have no idea how I did so poorly on a final that I got the correct answers for.
1.0 : Only thing that kept me afloat was office hours with TA. Professor will not listen to any of your concerns and expects students to easily learn material. Midterm and final were more advanced versions of things we learned (that weren't always covered in class). Wait for another professor. Average final grade was .45
2.5 : He's a nice guy overall. His lectures are dry and he does nothing to encourage participation. However, some of his tests (particularly the free-response portions) are rather difficult. Studying off the textbook helps, his lectures are essentially the textbook.
1.0 : I walked out of every test thinking I failed it, but somehow would end up doing ok. So, I guess I retained some information, but it was probably mostly from the online textbook, which was very helpful. He is pretty disorganized; he often posted the wrong answer keys to  practice tests, so we ended up studying the wrong information for exams.
1.0 : Worst Professor Ever.
3.0 : His coursepack textbook is extremely useful for his homework assignments, the book gives examples similar to most problems. His exams weren't bad, considering that two exams (including the final) were take home. His lectures were very boring, though. If you read the required chapters, his lectures are a waste of time.
1.0 : His lecture is useless. Dont bother go to class. Grading is unclear.
3.0 : Lectures are boring but he's pretty clear. Tests are super easy and he posts solutions to all the hw with comments on how to approach the problems. Same with exam practice problems.
2.5 : Lectures are incredibly boring. Homework can be a struggle. Punishes small mistakes severely on exams. I felt I did not learn anything after the 4th week. The ideas are not made clear. There is essentially no guidance or help in class, just pure 2 hour lectures.
1.0 : Simply terrible.  Learned absolutely nothing from lectures.  Probably the most class time I have skipped just to study at home.  The material is not that hard, he is just a terrible lecturer.  I really wish this site allowed more characters to describe how crappy that class actually was.... ug
1.0 : He never seems to know what he is talking about. Extremely tough grader without any substance. Quiz sections are so broad and no one ever talks besides a few people. We don't really know what to expect. If he doesn't agree with your point completely, he will look at you funny and move on to the next student. Alexey is a nice person, bad teacher
1.0 : Completely unintelligible lectures, inscrutable lecture notes (or  more often missing), and inconsistent and incorrectly-graded homework. Easy A, but don't expect to learn anything unless you read the textbook.
1.0 : By far the hardest to understand individual I have ever met. The class was a three hour lecture and if I was lucky I could make out maybe 10 words. Course notes were irrelevant to assignments. Assignments themselves were full of errors and did not work. Student questions were always directed to the TA who seemed to know even less than the students.
1.0 : It's extremely difficult to understand what he's saying and he hardly puts in any effort into teaching his class. When I took his EE 415 he cancelled all exams because he wasn't ready. Homework assignments weren't difficult but required students to cooperate or bug the TA a lot. Easiest 4.0 I've ever gotten in my life.
2.5 : In my opinion, not the best teacher for passive students who are afraid to ask questions and seek him out for partial credit on tests. However if you engage him and build a rapport with him, he's not only a great guy but he is incredibly reasonable when it comes to awarding partial credit on tests which is the only place you should lose points
2.0 : Nice guy, but bad teacher. Expects you to be fluent in excel although its an intro course. Lectures have nothing to do with the material so I stopped coming to class since you learn everything from statlab "View an Example" option anyway. Open book, note, excel exams so if you don't get an A it is your fault. Homework is worth as much as exams are.
1.0 : Holy god this guy is terrible. Don't bother coming to class because he is ridiculously hard to follow. Get your hands on the textbook and become real friendly with MyStatLab because you're going to have to teach yourself everything. If you're not familiar with excel, you're going to have to be because this guy doesn't explain anything.
1.0 : So bad.
2.5 : Nice guy but doesn't go over the powerpoints and expects us to look at them online. We would go on and on about some research with very little stats related to it. He doesn't even check his email every other day or other week. He would say, "Oh sorry, I don't check my email." It is inconvenient for us when we want to ask him questions.
1.0 : In person, he is a nice fellow. However, he doesn't always have a filter when it comes to making comments about certain things, and can often come across as rude. It would be helpful if he took more time to carefully respond to emails in a timely manner. I think the main reason why I did not apply myself in this course was due to his lack of effort
1.0 : I have been in his class for about 2 weeks and I can tell it's going to be a rough quarter. I already want to drop out of the class. He's a good person but his teaching style is just a mess.
2.0 : The professor is very nice guy with a great personality but he  expect everyone in the class know about Statistics.  I always have to beg for help. His lectures is confusing.
1.0 : Boring lectures that don't quite relate to class material... Nice person but expects you to learn everything by yourself... Headache class
2.0 : Don is a really great guy who loves to teach. He is extremely experienced with stats and knows more than anyone I've ever met. However, many of us felt that we learned much more when talking with each other as opposed to listening to his lectures. TLDR; Great guy, knows a lot, not the best at explaining stats, self taught class.
2.5 : Everything is going to be taught on statlab.  You get anywhere from 4-12 questions each assignment.  Save your excel files into a drive since you can use ANY resource on the tests.  Partial credit is given for showing work.  Most of the time you learn everything from statlab, but he's there to clarify and somewhat explain the material.  MEMORY
1.0 : One of the worst teachers in UW. His lectures are not very clear or very organized. The wording on his homework/exams/instructions can be confusing. Plus, he is not timely in answering emails or in grading. This leaves students very confused.
1.0 : Smart guy with tons of knowledge. Unfortunately he doesn't have the ability to teach in a clear and concise way. Talks too much gets off the topic constantly and gets offended by criticism. Very disorganized and cannot give students a clear idea of what students are expected to see throughout the quarter. Students stay confused and frustrated.
1.0 : He is a master charlatan. I don't even know why the dean keeps him in the business school. He is condescending and literally hates students. I know because he told that he hates students in class. It is beyond me why he works at a job he hates.
1.0 : It sounds like I am taking this class online but with more confusion based on his lectures. I have not learned anything in this class and now spending my time on two gigantic capstone projects for his class at the end of the quarter and my most concern is how I am going to pass the CPA exam since I have not learned anything in this class.
1.0 : He teaches little &amp; destroys your GPA. He has never worked as an accountant &amp; doesnt have an ACCT degree, &amp; it shows. His projects are overwhelmingly long, complex &amp; incomprehensible. Students are putting so much time into this class that their grades are suffering in other classes. He publicly posts private student emails which violates FERPA.
1.0 : This teacher is by far one of the worse I have ever taken. He doesn't really teach the material but uses vague abstract thought to explain it. Examples like a giraffe and a elephant mating... Really weird stuff that doesn't help you at all. Beware of what you say, he might call you dumb in the middle of class.
1.0 : Undoubtedly the worst instructor of my academic career.It is not even close. Doogar is a terrible communicator who belittles his students with regularity. The reputation of the accounting department and the school as a whole are in jeopardy with Doogar involved. At this point, I would deter anyone considering UWB business school from applying.
2.0 : From Day 1 the class was very UNORGANIZED.  His Exams were not fair to any of the students.  He was very helpful and very passionate about the Subject, but just did not know how to channel that knowledge to students.  Very lenient in his grading, but the frustration of taking his class was very overwhelming.  Please don't take him.
2.5 : Some people in life want everything handed to them or at least directions to how to do what is asked of them. If you want a real world wake up call of what it is like to work for a company for the first time &amp;  experience what it is like to not have all those privileges then take any class with Rajib. Insanely smart, knowledgeable &amp; ambitious.
1.0 : Worst teacher I've ever had. Said there was no book required, then proceeded to refer to the book throughout class. Only learned anything because I did actually buy the book and read it. Posted grades for the final 65% of our grade almost 1 month after grades were due. DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASSES FROM THIS TEACHER. YOU WILL REGRET IT I PROMISE YOU.
1.0 : Arrogant and incompetent.  Worst possible combination.  I didn't learn anything about cost accounting.  Of course he also blamed us for complaining about his lack of teaching skill/effort.  Any other professor would try to make corrections. He clearly doesn't care about students.   Please UWB, don't hire any more faculty members like him.
1.0 : Worst instructor ever at the UW. Has a preconceived notion that whites are smarter than other races, and gives them points that they do not deserve whiles giving poor grades to students of other races.
1.0 : For those taking Cost Accounting, TAKE IT ONLINE AT CENTRAL WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY! He has this horrible philosophical approach to accounting. Definitely need to avoid him. The entire course was a work in progress, as he did not know how to proceed with his own b.s. He publicizes student emails, and cannot be trusted.
1.0 : This is a warning to all other students to NOT take this class under any circumstances. It is a complete waste of your time. As a PhD student, I felt robbed of a quarter - not only did I NOT learn what I was hoping to, I wasted valuable time I could have spent on my research or just learning the same information in a book. Avoid at all costs.
3.0 : True, he can't a) speak clearly, b) write legibly, or c) let students finish their sentences. But he (and $55 worth of bound photocopies) cover this challenging subject matter as well as anyone could. He's organized (with over-heard projector transparencies like it's 1999), and you learn R. Gotta work/think hard and this class will serve you well.
1.0 : Although she will answer questions you may have about the course, she is not extremely clear or helpful. You have to ask the same question over and over again to make sure you get the right answer. When it comes to assignments, her expectations are not clear and then you get penalized for anything that she did not clarify.
1.5 : Class lecture was horrible, hard to follow, and often time did not correspond well with the assigned readings. Assigned readings were a joke, SO MUCH READING for a 200 level class. I'm talking about hundreds of pages back to back. Instructor was not clear about assignments, lectures, ANYTHING. Worse class at UW I have EVER taken. Avoid at all cost.
1.0 : Lectures were not very helpful at all, she only used quotes from other people during lecture. I expected a lot more from it, but unfortunately her teaching method was useless. Way too much reading, up to 300 pages at one point. Not clear with expectations. Should have taken the time to explain readings during lectures.
1.5 : I really wanted to like Prof Olson but this was the worst class I've taken at UW. Nothing was taught in the two hour classes. Directions were extremely unclear. There were 200+ pages of reading per week and she never really went over them in class. The only redeeming quality was my TA who did her best to help us out. Don't take anth 215 with Olson!
1.0 : Medical anthropology had a lot of potential with all if the interesting topics that we were going to go into at the beginning of the quarter. BUT this is by far the worst intro class I have taken at the UW.  She required 7 novels plus supplemental readings for her class. Not clear about what she wants either from us. Don't take ANTH 215 with Olson
2.0 : He cannot answer a student question without patronizing them which makes them feel awful even though almost everyone has the same question which deters anyone from ever asking questions. He won't tell what you need to know for tests. Homework, lecture and textbook might as well all be for three totally different classes they're so unconnected.
2.0 : :( Save yourself while you can. Carothers is a brilliant guy, but the class itself is poorly structured. The content that's being taught is not difficult, but lectures and homework do not align, and you will often feel lost as to what exactly is going on in class. All work is group work. TL;DR, take a different engineering elective.
2.0 : Doesn't know how to answer students' questions.  Everyone leaves the class more confused than when they entered. Homework and textbook and lectures don't match up which makes studying for exams a nightmare.   He's a nice guy and does interesting research... but a frustrating professor.
2.0 : This class was a mess. He had us working on a design project but did not give us much guidance and was vague about how they were going to be graded. Lecture homework and textbook did not ever line up which made studying for the class impossible and the answers/feedback on homework were never given. Got a bad grade on HW? You'll never know why!
4.0 : Professor Carothers is really not a bad professor, certainly not as bad as ratings here would make him out to seem. Yes, the class is very disorganised and lacking in meaningful feedback (especially with regard to the group project), but it's not hard to succeed so long as you study the slides and overarching concepts moreso than formulas.
2.5 : Prof. Carothers is amiable, but his teaching style is minimalist--and not in a good way. He really just read power points the whole class. He has an impressive academic background, but he often didn't seem to know the answers to (sometimes basic) questions asked by students. Nice guy, but disappointing class.
1.0 : The group project is a major part of this class, and was unnecessarily vague. Grading for it was particularly harsh, and the feedback given was almost useless. No feedback on the homework assignments made it so you never knew which problems were incorrect. Studying for the exams was an exercise in frustration and topics were never clearly outlined.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've ever had.
1.0 : I honestly think he doesn't know the material well enough to teach it.
1.0 : Horrible experience with Carothers.  Avoid him at all cost!
1.0 : Unclear on expectations of what material will appear on exams and how projects will be graded. If you like taking a class where instructor expectations are clear, structure is organized, lectures are meaningful, and subject matter covered by professor is useful for use in graded material, DON'T take this class.
1.5 : Dr Carothers is definitely not qualified to teach NME 220. Simply reads back previously prepared slides which are poorly organized. Students dont learn anything in his class. Avoids answering questions. His tests alternate between very hard and somewhat easy. There is misguidance in terms of what will be covered in tests. Avoid him if possible.
4.0 : Often ended up asking the class more questions than we asked him leaving us all a bit more confused. Overall, really nice professor and knowledgeable of the subject material. Exams are definitely conceptual so study for them. Take this class with Carothers if you can!
1.0 : Horrible
1.0 : Quite possibly the worst teacher ever. Ever heard of those professors that do research and teach on the side, and suck at teaching? Well this guy is the epitome of it all. Do not take this class. Lecture slides are unorganized, the homework has nothing to do with what the exam will be like.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've had at the UW.  Doesn't know the material well enough to teach it.
1.0 : Don't do it!
1.0 : Dont do it. Get out while you still can - literally the worst class I have every taken in university and i got nothing out of it.
1.0 : I took his class in winter 13. It seems to me that he was not prepared for lecture. For example, he confused himself and us when he explained plane stress and plane strain, which are the most fundamental concepts. Whenever we asked him questions on what he wrote on board, he asked us to read the textbooks. CHL, BSME 2014
1.0 : Self-study. Learn by yourself, don't rely on the professor to clarify concepts. During lectures, he mostly reads off slides and tells 'stories.' You won't really know how to do the homework even if you go to the lecture so just study very hard on your own and try your best. Find a good textbook, that might not necessarily be the required textbook.
1.0 : Most of the things you need is on the projector slides. Unfortunately, you don't have that much time to copy the notes and they are not online.  Eyes will hurt since you won't be able to see in class and the homework will take years and really aren't worth much.  The two hour final took 3-3.5 hours. If this was an elective no one would take this.
1.0 : Nice enough guy, but worst class I have ever taken.  If you ask ANYONE in the EE department about "361" they will laugh and tell you how awful that class is and how they didn't learn anything.  If he went slower and there was about 1/4 of the content, it might be a half decent class.  This class was originally an elective, it needs to be again.
2.0 : This teacher is really rude. If chem isn't your thing find a different professor. He doesn't like basic questions in class... eventhough many people struggle with the basics. Tests are really long ... I mean really long
3.0 : Conceptual based exams. Very vague study process, wish he had a practice exam. He's funny at first, but his snide side comments slowly turn to sarcasm and overcompensating egoism. He pretty much thinks he's hot stuff because he's fresh into the 'Professor World'. As a TA, he was also pretty full of himself. Cool it, O'Malley Cat.
2.5 : He's a funny guy and he seems like he really knows what he's talking about but the tests are extremely confusing. There are no practice exams, the exams are very conceptual, and there is no clear way to study for the exams; basically you're a hit or miss. BUY THE TEXTBOOK. it has all of the concepts you'll need for the test.
1.5 : Horrible teacher
2.0 : What I have gained from this class is practically nothing. His lectures are long and boring. He won't help you learn the material, he'd rather have you do it yourself. Practice exams? Nope. Comprehending materials? Nope. He knows the material well but his teaching approach and method is horrible. I wouldn't recommend this professor for this class.
1.5 : Chem is already difficult enough when you have a professor that is there for you but this guy just leaves you out to dry. Very sarcastic. Doesn't panopto record his lectures which I hated, not because I didn't go to class but because I like to re-watch them to study. Overall the worst class I have ever taken. 010 would not recommend.
1.5 : Seemed cool, but later on scary. Lectures aren't simple - whole bunch of information and calculations, doesn't really get to the main points. It's like he's reading the textbook to us, giving advanced &amp; historical information that's hard to comprehend. Exams are definitely hard to prepare for, no practices, doesn't trust us to not look at the book.
2.5 : Professor O'Malley's lectures were incomprehensible and fast paced, and reading the book allowed for much more understanding than an attendance to the class. The tests are multiple choice and conceptual, and do not reflect a students understanding of the material. Would not recommend taking his class.
1.0 : No, just no. Don't take his class. As a professor he is the worst. Lectures are incomprehensible, tests are tough and hard and simply put he isn't a good lecturer. Lectures cover items non essential to your learning of chemistry but rather more of a history lesson and how the formulas came to be. But he won't show you how to use the formulas etc.
1.0 : Prof O'mally is a tough grader and his tests are really weird(all concepts questions and sometimes give you pitfalls). He is pretty rude sometimes and he will be unhappy if u ask basic questions in lecture. He is not helpful-- no practice tests at all or no review materials. his lecture is long and boring and he speaks fast.
1.0 : While he is knowledgeable in chem, he can't teach it. His tests are conceptual heavy and you really have to understand chemistry to pass them. He doesn't necessarily teach you much about what you need to know. Overall, he really was a bad professor.
3.0 : He really knows a lot of chemistry  and tries to answers questions in a lot of depth. The lectures are not well-structured so it would be more time efficient to just read the book instead of showing up to lectures. The exams are hard and there is no review or exam questions sample.
1.0 : Lol, this guy told me the history of a bunch of chemistry but never taught me how to apply it.
5.0 : He is fair when it comes to test material. If you show up to lecture and pay attention you should be fine. His sense of humor is unique, don't take him seriously and you should be fine.
1.0 : He is very confusing and contradicts himself, the text and the homework. Has no review or test prep. Overall gives off the impression that he doesn't really care about teaching. Also very full of himself. If you have another choice don't take his class. If you have to take him don't bother with the lectures just read the text and hope for a good TA
3.0 : I had him for his first time teaching Chem 142. Cons: Midterms are very hard, (they're mainly conceptual, I knew plenty of bright, studious people who did terribly because of the testing style), answers to questions aren't always clear. Pros: tries to be funny, color-coded + clear slides, always leaves time for questions, final is easy if you study
1.0 : Class is boring and all over the place. All she talks about is her research and assignments are super confusing. She does not like when students ask questions. The last hour of class is spend in small group discussions which are a waste of class time.
2.5 : Susan is a funny character. Pro-tip: Sit on the left side because she really only stays there. Volunteer and you'll automatically be on her good side. The reading is heavy and the projects are demanding for a 101, some clarity issues with miscommunications with her TA's. NO COMPUTERS. Go to class, she notices and will call you out on it.
3.0 : She struggles with technology sometimes. Has a sense of humor, but sometimes lectures can be dull. If you ask her questions, she will give you a clear answer; no ambiguity. She clearly knows what she is teaching. Definitely show up to lecture because there is a lot of material. Fun acting projects as well. If you want a GPA booster, take the class.
2.0 : There was a quiz every week for about 5 weeks, and some of the questions can be really obscure. Final consisted of questions that were not even on the review sheet. Two essays, but really easy to write if you follow the rubric correctly. Get a grasp of the main idea of the readings, and write down the key info in lectures. Got 4.0 w extra credit
4.0 : I love theater and LOVE Susan. She is more than willing to work with you. She is a little crazy, but its a good crazy. Don't talk in class or be on any electronics. Sit near the front and at least skim the reading. She just wants to pull something out of you that will is pier you to want to change the world and understand her craft.
1.0 : This class was horrible! Definitely not an easy VLPA. Required more time and effort than classes towards my major. Would advise not taking. Susan is simply not a good teacher.
1.0 : Susan is probably the worst teacher I have ever had. Her lectures are unorganized and her slides do not help. They have limited vocabulary and are mostly filled with pictures. She expects you to know full well what they are on quizzes, even though she never fully explains them herself. There's a lot of work in this class and is definitely not worth
1.0 : Her lectures are terrible. They are disorganized and uninformative. She assigns a lot of reading for a 101 class. She will often quiz you on specifics of a term or piece, even though her lectures hardly mention it. For example, she was talking about a proscenium, but never defined it and just showed pictures of it.  Google is more helpful.
1.0 : Professor Finque seems like an interesting woman, yet she had no structure to her lectures. The Syllabus states that quizzes will be on the readings, yet they never are.   I never have any idea what is going on in class, what direction we're heading, or what is the significant part of the lecture.
1.0 : Unfortunately, I have to agree with the sentiments already shared. Susan recently added "takeaways" to her PowerPoints, but the lectures are still a dry, jumbled mess and the sequencing of the material covered is difficult to follow. There's a lot of timework you have to devote outside of this class as well. I would not recommend this professor.
1.0 : Susan Finque is definitely the worst professor I've had at UW. I took this class because I've heard good things from friends. However, they didnt have Finque because this is her first time teaching and its VERY clear its her first time. She's disorganized and likes hearing herself talk. Plus she doesn't know how to use youtube or Microsoft office
1.5 : This was Susan's first semester and I know she had only like a week a half to prepare so I know this is not entirely fair.  Shes very nice and clearly knows a lot about what's she's talking about. However, her lecture are a MESS.  They are highly disorganized and wrought with typos.  It takes a lot of energy to understand time frames and takeaways.
1.0 : Professor does not practice same teaching techniques that she teaches. She is abrasive to students who disagree with her views.
1.0 : Professor Weng borrows here lecture material from previous instructors. The class has little to no relevance the to ArcGIS software, which is how all of the homework is done. The lectures are repetitive and uninformative. TA's don't want to rock the boat and provide very little additional help. Skip the lectures, do the reading and homework to pass
1.0 : Just terrible.  She's unclear and painfully repetitive in her lectures.  Do not take this class with her if you want to gain any kind of understanding of GIS mapping.  Labs are solid and structured around a textboox that's easy to follow.  You will not gain anything from lecture.  Instead read the texts and glance at slides before exams.
2.0 : Easy class. Just read the lecture slides and do the lab homework and you'll get a good grade.  Lab instructors and instructor are pretty much useless. You're on your own out there.  Good luck learning the beginnings of GIS.
1.0 : She's not a great lecturer; doesn't offer clear explanations when students have questions. Graded lecture participation (not everyday). If you wanted to, you could easily skip lecture and learn everything straight out of the textbook. Makes simple concepts seem intimidating and confusing especially if you aren't especially comfortable w/ algebra.
2.0 : Not a fan. Her explanations in class are terrible and the slides are worse. She is not a good teacher.
1.0 : I can't decide what's more confusing: the slides or lectures. I've resulted to tutoring/Khan academy because this class is badly organized &amp; taught. Every person I've talked to in her class is just as lost as I am, the quiz sections don't help at all except the midterm reviews which are led by the TA. Save yourself the trouble &amp; take w/ diff. prof
1.0 : Horrible teaching and horrible slides. Many mistakes almost every lecture.
1.0 : I don't think this prof. will prepare you for anything but failure. I don't know if she knows how bad she teaches. She gives no examples, explains everything on her power point slides very badly and seems lost at times. Needs to reorganize this class for the future, it's a disaster to be honest.
1.0 : Math390 last lecture was today and most people felt very angry how quarter went. The group projects is hot mess because it was disorganized by Lyndia. She gave 2 extra days so that was fine. Overall she's kinda but needs to explain concepts more clear and needs to make group projects clear for students.
1.0 : Very, very horrible teaching methods. She's the most confused professor I've ever had.. She seems lost at times while reading off her OWN SLIDES..
1.0 : Just like everyone else is saying she just reads off the slides. I CAN READ OFF THE SLIDES if that is what it takes to teach this class. Just ask lots of questions to slow her down (and annoy her).  This stats class itself shouldn't be difficult, but she does not explain things well, if at all.
1.0 : I'm very disappointed with her teaching. Such a poor taught class by Brumback....
3.5 : She's not the most interesting, but the material is interesting and easy enough if you put in the work. Very sweet lady.
1.5 : The averages on the midterms are 60s when they should be 80s if taken with another prof. Her slides are confusing, explanations confusing. The tests are pretty hard and everyone is concerned for their GPAs. The quiz sec is mandatory but complete waste of time, she does not even attempt to explain hard concepts.
1.0 : Agree with most students on here that she is always confused during her explanations and she has very horrible slides that can't really teach students anything but to read off slides.
2.0 : Her slides are good, her study materials are good, but unless you have a recent background of bio, math and interdisciplinary writing, this class will be rough because her teaching alone is ineffective. I found myself relying solely on self-study to keep up with the material two weeks into the quarter. Avoid or wait a quarter if you can.
1.0 : She had a hard time teaching, beware of that.
1.0 : Nice lady but not very effective at teaching. Make sure you know/understand the homework and the practice exams and you'll do fine on the exams. Lectures are useless. Review session put on by the TA is good, but otherwise quiz sections are a waste. First class in my college career I quit going to lectures. Book made things more confusing for me.
3.0 : She is probably the best professor to take Math 390 with based on what I heard about the other Math 390 profs.  There is A LOT of homework (10+ hours a week sometimes) for this class and the exams are very tricky.  She is nice though and is helpful when you ask for help.
2.5 : Lectures are packed and you don't have a lot of time to write stuff down. Homework takes forever to do, and the book itself is awful. Ask her questions outside of lectures, she's nice. Quizzes are easy. Tests are really tricky and are longer than you think, so work quick. Overall, Math 390 is a tough class, Brumback is one notch below OK.
3.0 : Her lectures can be really rushed and convoluted but if you come to her office hours she will explain the concepts quite well. This was her first time teaching so I think she will be a lot better next time.
4.0 : I like Lyndia very much as a person. She's not a bad lecturer by any means, though mathematical mistakes in derivations were somewhat common. My main issue with the class was how it was structured. The homework takes way too long to complete and makes up only 10 percent of your grade. Way too much work for a 4 credit class.
1.5 : Class is graded with no hw and solely based on quizzes/midterm/final. His lectures are not that great. He tries to explain conceptually but is not very clear and office hours are mandatory if you want to pass. Class size went down by half after first few weeks.
3.0 : While the class size did decrease during this quarter it has been beneficial-- because of the small class size it makes it very easy for me to ask a question when I  am confused by a concept. He has "problem solving hours" in the same room as the lecture which is great because I stay after for an hour to ask any lingering questions. Very nice guy!
2.0 : Organizational incompetence interferes with his effectiveness.  Turnaround time was weeks for homeworks and tests, and we only ever saw 2 out of the 7 homeworks which were turned in.  Grades were never posted, policies were an ever-changing black box.  Lectures were of identical content to the textbook.  Smart guy, but an underdeveloped teacher.
1.5 : Tough math class compounded with an organized, and convoluted lecture  hell for engineering majors. Hence why I dropped the class week 7.
1.5 : Absolutely terrible. Long lectures followed by absolutely nothing to pad your grade, since 85% of the grade was made up of a midterm and a final. He crams way more material in than the other econ courses, and teaches it horridly. I had to YouTube most of the course to even to be okay.
1.5 : This guy's language skills are subpar. He's pretty arrogant as well. I wish I took a different more helpful TA
4.5 : His Office Hour is very helpful. He is very patient to answer your questions.
1.5 : TA for intro macro. Personally I think he's hard to understand. There are definitely better TAs out there in terms of what they bring to your learning. Seems nice but personally, I did not enjoy his teaching style and presentation. Often seemed to rush things.
1.0 : Such a boring instructor. I swear I fall asleep every section. His speaking pattern makes me zzzzzzz
1.0 : I really don't like this professor. He wont give you any real help and doesn't give any overview for any of his test or major exams which is extremely frustrating . If you're interested in social working this class wont help you very much because he wont tell you any topics or policies that you need to know. He is also rude and too sarcastic.
1.0 : There were only about 5 students in this class when I took it, largely because the others were either weeded out or dropped after getting berated during class. The class was taught like a communist struggle session. She doesn't consider your background (heritage or not) when grading. Taking this class was BIG mistake, to be honest.
1.0 : Quite possibly the greatest distraction in class is the instructor herself, SHE CANT HEAR. It was bearable at first, but as you keep coming into class, it is a nuisance to keep repeating yourself 3-4 times just so she can understand what you said. Bear in mind, this is a class that has only about 30 students, its not a lecture hall.
2.5 : Not the friendliest teacher. She assumed everyone was already fluent in spoken Chinese, so the class focused only on reading and translating formal texts. She gives boatloads of homework, mostly going over texts and memorizing characters. Vocab quiz everyday.  If you actually keep up with all the work, you will do well. She's a fair grader.
1.0 : There are a number of basic flaws in her teaching style. Firstly the tests and class instruction focused only on translation, which is somewhat important in learning a language. However she never gave us grammar exercises or had us construct sentences of our own. I heard her correct tones, but I never once  heard her correct students pronunciations
1.5 : Took her over 5 weeks to grade our first essay midterm, then changed the date of our essay final WITHOUT NOTICE to be finished over Thanksgiving break the EXACT SAME DAY we had a group project for that class due. I have never had a professor with worse planning skills. Content was great but her facilitation of a class was awful.
1.0 : You will have to teach yourself. Seow lectures with his self made PPT.  and creates his own demonstration problems which are "simplified" his way.  His way does not apply to majority of hw problems. Tons of hw! Most of class is spent confusingly doing problems from book as his way is inconsistent with books way. Get's defensive when asked questions
4.0 : Gim Seow is an excellent prof. He does simplify the material at first so one gets the gist of the chapter before tackling more complicated problems. It's almost as if he is putting the 8020 Pareto principle to good use. He is easy going, approachable and very experienced in the real world of accounting and SEC matters. Tests are straight forward.
1.0 : He solves several problems on the board for each day and gives a very short lecture about each chapter. Then, on the exam, he gives problems containing all the detailed concepts from textbook chapters that are being test on. I think an undergrad tutor could also do the same thing for us.
4.5 : From my one year studying experience at UW Tacoma, each accounting professor teaching style is different, but all of them are very professional, helpful and humble. Dr. Seow has a great sense of humor. His class is not a very detailed, but he makes complicated accounting problems easier to understand. I like his 310 better than 301.
1.0 : He stared at me in every lectures for like 3 months and every time I started talk to him he came too close to my face. And it's weird that he doesn't do that to male students. I think he thinks that he is small and cute so that female students would like him, but it's not true and he shouldn't do such things to any students because it's offensive.
1.0 : He came to class unprepared. He told everyone to not use the book's method and use his because he knows the best since he taught 20 years. However, it was impossible to do hws without reading the text book and scrutinizing its method. He would get mad if someone tries to use the book's method on exams. We just wanted to learn accounting not him
1.0 : I think this guy needs to consult psychiatrists. He  freaks out and overreacts when students ask questions regarding the subject matter discussed. Leave this guy alone in the corner of his room in his mind.
4.5 : The way he teaches is thru his methods which can throw you off from the books method. But it's a good thing because his ways are easier. What you expect on in class examples are what will be on exams.
1.0 : He often gets out of topic, and he thinks that he has the key to your CPA license so that he will try to stop you from getting good grades from the class if you ask questions about the subject matter discussed. He gives very ambiguous grades for writing assignments without explaining well. I also think he has dementia, doesn't remember what he did.
1.0 : I reported this guy to the department, but it is more effective if group of students do it together, if not, record every bs you get to hear from this dude. In class rooms, it is public and in office hours, if the office door is open, it's hard to think that private conversation will be kept private, so recording will help your case in courts.
1.0 : Seow is very vindictive, your grade will depend on how much he likes you.  His grading seems very unclear and open to his own interpretation.  Also, don't sit in the front row because he spits everywhere while talking.
1.0 : He goes off on pointless lectures, quizzes you on chapters before they are covered, puts nothing in the gradebook until the end of the quarter, puts you down when you ask questions, comes to class unprepared, hard to understand, gives ZERO feedback, you MUST see a tutor to pass, you practically teach yourself, and leaves the minute class is out.
5.0 : This professor is my favorite. He is definitely a little hard to understand, but he makes a 2 hours lecture class worth while! The class is pretty straight forward if youre good at paying attention and can follow along with material. He teaches straight out of the book! Hes very blunt and tries to make jokes and its serioisly hilarious!!!!!!!!
2.0 : Although he is a very nice guy, this is one of the worst professors that I've ever had. He goes off on useless anecdotes, and doesn't do much in the way of teaching. He will expect you to essentially teach yourself. Even most of the class time is spent just going over problems in the book. Avoid this professor if at all possible!
1.0 : The worst class I have ever taken. Currently it is finals week, and IDK my grade. The book is horrible, doesn't match his lectures. There is no background for why you do things. He frequently ends class 20 to 30 min. early. He is degrading when you ask a clarifying question. I asked 1 all quarter, I didn't want to be ridiculed.
1.5 : I would suggest anyone who cares about their GPA avoid this professor at all costs. If you have to take him, you need to have the time and ability to teach yourself the material. I did not feel like I learned anything from this professor.
3.5 : He's a new professor here and still getting into the swing of things. He's not very organized and does not give a review sheet for exams. If you're good at accounting and studying on your own, then this professor is a pretty good choice because grades are mainly based on the three exams rather than attendance or participation.
1.5 : Incredibly harsh grader, if you care about your GPA do not take this class. Does not make clear what she wants from the essay then marks you down for not doing exactly what you wanted.
2.0 : Tells you how to write doesn't teach you how to write what so ever. Grading for most English 131 courses have an average grade of around 3.5 If not higher.... She made the average between 2.7 - 2.9 Do not  take this class with her, she made every prompt as complicated as possible and readings were much too in depth. the class was unbearable
1.0 : Incredibly tough grader. Grading criteria was so vague and not helpful at all. I can say that I put in SO much time and effort into revising my papers and going to office hours but she doesn't tell you what she expects from your papers. I got a 3.7 she's not those who give out 4.0's easily, and your grade will suffer if you don't try VERY hard.
1.0 : Poor grading. Besides she set the whole average far less than other teachers who teach Eng 131. Classes are tedious and readings are aimless. How can such a teacher still be in UW? Please don't take her class if u still care about your GPA.
1.5 : Incredibly tough grader and very ambiguous in regards to what she wants from you.  Do not take this class.
2.0 : Tuke was an easy A. He's very flexible and relaxed. I didn't really learn anything new though, course felt a repetitive but I got my DCII credits out of the way.
1.0 : She has very high expectations yet she doesn't teach the subject very well. If you miss one day of class, you can't make anything up. Just don't sign up for her classes, you will be very confused and lost. You will be very stressed out in her class, thats a promise.
2.0 : For an introductory level writing class, Dr. Harack grades harder than my 300 level classes. Her expectations for writing are unrealistic and I think because she is capable of it she expects you to be too. She also made me get three textbooks two of which we only used a couple of times. Just really disconnected from the ability of her students.
1.0 : There are too many articles to read.
1.0 : This class is extremely difficult. Not necessarily the class material but they way she teaches and grades. She is an awful professor with an awful scale. She does not know how to teach and is extremely boring. Enrolling into this class is a death wish to your GPA. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS ALL UW BOTHELL students unless you don't care about grades
3.0 : I don't hate her. She is truly nice and actually gives good feedback and is on top of grades consistently. She has 'pop quizzes' but they're not hard at all. It's all common sense. Lots of homework and papers though, but she does prepare you enough for the final paper which is nice. As a class though it was boring. Can't count the times I slept.
1.0 : Unrealistic in grading and expects everyone to know how to do research writing at an advanced level. Do not take her class, you will regret it.
4.0 : This class was one I needed to take. She is clear and concise on what you need to do in order to pass the class. Overall her class time is a little bit boring, but it's necessary, since you need to be there in order to actually know how she wants you to do your essays, and she also grades participation. You need to be there to participate.
3.5 : She seems like a good person, and she's alright at teaching the subject. The thing is she seems to grade really harsh (this is coming from someone who got a 3.6 in the class).
1.0 : She is super lazy, doesn't put things in the grade book. Gives LOTS of homework, picks favorites. At first seems nice but honestly doesn't care. HORRIBLE class.
4.5 : Provides a lot of class time for paper writing and revision. Gives example papers that show what she is looking for when grading the assignment. While she is a hard grader, she is helpful when you meet with her outside of class. Gives great feedback when grading papers. Students who are more involved in class discussions do very well on assignments
1.0 : She is really tough. Her essay prompts have so much too them that you loose your overall purpose to write the essay. Her "in class work" has to do with essays, but nothing else and isn't helpful. She gives good feedback, and her office hours help a lot but she's really hard at grading. She also wanted us to buy a textbook that we never used!
1.0 : She comes off as very nice in the beginning of course, but throughout the course she will choose her favorites and make it very apparent. Obviously, I was not a favorite, which resulted in me getting 3-5minutes on feed back in conferences about papers that were 3+ pages in length. Her grading is extremely critical, and positive feedback is RARE!
1.0 : If you want to have a bad grade with no help and only a "i'm sorry I can't help you", then this is the class for you! She grades extremely hard for no reason, has pop quizzes, miss one class you miss everything, and tries to act positive about all of this. Do yourself a favor and just don't do it.
2.0 : It's not hard class, but don't expect the 4.0. She isn't clear about what is expected and the syllabus changed multiple times over the quarter. You can tell she doesn't take business students seriously and makes you feel awkward about your responses which really discourages participation.
1.0 : Kim is an adviser for UW Undergraduate ARCH. She is very hard o get a hold of. She was the reason I didn't want to go to UW for ARCH. She makes you feel like you are a waste of her time. As you ask her things you can see her adding up the time it will take to help you.  Getting information out of her is like pulling teeth.
1.0 : Super unclear with all assignments. had a total of 10 assignments and none were graded until the week before finals week. Long lectures that were really repetitive every week. Overall very disappointing experience which felt like a waste of my time.
1.5 : Nick gives unclear instructions, unclear due dates, and is a hard grader. The lecture classes were repetitive, and dragged on forever. It seemed like he just enjoyed giving out bad grades for fun without justifying them. This class is a writing credit so expect to write a lot. He was always unorganized and expected a lot of class discussion.
1.0 : This teacher was probably the worst teacher I've ever had. Her english was very bad, she made a creative-type class feel so boring, I would have rather beat my head against the wall. No constructive criticism, just harsh grading and no explanation. If you miss more than a three classes, she'll threaten to fail you, even if you do all the work.
1.5 : teacher do not how to teach! Hard to get what she means. really boring
1.5 : Worst teacher I've had in my entire life. Might as well have self taught the entire course, that's how helpful he is. Everything is done in MyLab, and he barely lectures. There is no structure to the class, you will not learn anything from him. Well, you'll learn all about his family, but that's it. I cannot stress enough: DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER.
1.0 : WORST TEACHER EVER!! Don't ever take this teacher if you want to learn about finance! He doesn't teach anything at all in class, he just assign homework and you do everything without knowing anything. You need to learn everything by yourself through see my example, so basically you are doing a self study!
2.0 : His lectures are 80% pointless with sprinklings of really useful information at random intervals. Homework comes before he lectures on the subject, so be prepared to spend hours of frustration teaching yourself what he ends up telling you later. The class honestly isn't that hard if you don't mind teaching yourself.
1.0 : TERRIBLE!!! DURING LECTURES FAVORITE RESPONSE TO GIVE IS "I DO NOT KNOW"
1.0 : Not helpful at all
1.0 : Knowledgeable but not a good instructor Nice in a condescending way that boils your blood Extremely unhelpful for rescheduling tests (she doesn't) Aloof to student's general confusion. This isn't one student from the class who is upset and taking it out online, the entire class despises her and our plummeting grades on quizzes.
1.5 : This was probably the most boring class ever. Megan is super nice but she just rambles about randomness. It's a weird class in general. I am not sure why it is even offered? Don't take it. Unless you like mandatory attendance and falling asleep from boredom
1.0 : This class is required for speech majors, however this teacher is on tenure and believes that she can do no wrong.  She thinks this is an elementary class.  Will dock participation points if she thinks you are not following her exact rules.  When asked, she said that points are docked if you do not meet her expectations with no explanation given.
1.0 : This professor seems like a chill down-to-earth guy, but loads you up with so many papers and assignments over the quarter that you want to punch a wall by week 7. 70% of the grade is based on a stupid portfolio at the end of the year in which you are supposed to showcase 4 of the 6 papers you wrote, which puts stress on finals week.
2.0 : Awful lectures. Not organized. Hard to follow because lack of visual aids. Discussion based classes not useful because Dr. Parsons will ask that we discuss in small groups topics we have only just been lectured on five minutes ago to "come up with answers on our own".  Not allowed to draw any pictures or diagrams on cheat sheet  for exams.
4.0 : Solid lectures. She does cover 1 or 2 topics not typically covered in this class (K-maps) which I see as a bonus. Introduced to the material in class and must continue learning outside of class. Very understanding grader so long as you put assumptions in program reports. Put in the time, participate, follow assignment details and you'll do great.
1.5 : Lectures are confusing, encourages students to answer each other's questions even though they may be wildly incorrect and ensures more confusion. Very difficult to succeed without putting a disproportionate amount of effort in.
1.0 : Her participation requirement induces painful questions that waste time in every lecture. You grow to hate anyone who speaks, especially yourself, because you know they're only doing it for participation points.
1.0 : She seems has no passion for teaching and no patience with students.  Her response to emails are very slow, sometimes no response at all.
2.5 : She was nice, generous with participation points and I think with that extra credit it motivates you to ask questions and discuss things to gain a better understanding of the material. Lectures might not be perfect but operating systems is one of those very tough courses so if you put effort/work into it you can get a decent grade.
1.0 : Don't waste your money to take her class. If you take you will regret!
5.0 : Professor Parsons is an excellent instructor. She takes the time to make sure that students understand the material. I would take a class from her again.
1.0 : She waster too much time answer all student questions. Also, she spend much time in her computer.
1.0 : She doesn't qualify to be a professor. She makes mistakes on even the most basic concepts, she has no idea of what the assignment is about since none of the assignment is from her. She's rude most of the time. Don't expect to learn much from her. She doesn't update the slides or syllabus. I wonder why the school would hire her.
3.0 : She was really nice, and really enthusiastic about the topic. I think the class should either require linear algebra and go deeper into the material, or avoid linear algebra and cover many different classifiers.
1.0 : She lectured too much on details, whereas it would have been better to get the overview of things and let us read the text for details. Her participation requirement means students ask redundant questions and/or add irrelevant comments to the "discussion". She told us we could use notes on the final and then revoked this 2 days before the test.
1.0 : Terrible class. First of all, she has a serious attitude problem. She seems to be angry all the time, about what, I have no idea. Keeps talking about pet bunnies, which seems cute at first, and then it just seems... wrong. She'll never give a straight answer to a tough question - expect lots of extracurricular work. Not hot at all, either.
1.5 : Man.. she's a really nice person, but her teaching is intolerable. Her lectures are completely scattered and unfocused which makes it really hard to learn from class. Additionally, it seems that when she is unsure about an answer to a question, she defaults to asking the class.. and somehow the right answer is never established. Tough class to in..
1.0 : She's as bad as it gets, she has some sort of anger issue. Threatens to give pop-quiz in class if one study 'peeks' at their phones. She forces you to turn in printed homework (for a computer science course?) When she losses them she claims you never turned it in and fails you. Steer clear.
1.0 : Erika Parsons is very unapproachable and only makes herself available for students for about one hour out of the week. In that hour, she will only help one or two students and tell them to help the rest while she chats with her colleagues. She is also very unclear of her expectations from her students. Her exams are hard, and she doesn't curve.
1.0 : She is very unclear about topics and does not seem to care if we really understand the concepts.  If someone is confused and it takes too long to explain she won't even bother to help.  I also do not have the best confidence in her knowledge of Global Health.  She often says "I think" or "I guess".
1.0 : The worst professor I've ever seen. Never post any materials on the class website. No materials for review. Hard exams. The class average was 65 out of 100. He said the exam was based on the homework but he never gave our homework back and never posted the answer keys on canvas. This class should've been easier.
2.0 : Good professor. Hard class.
1.0 : I took an online class with him and had no problem. The next quarter I took a lectured class from him and he was horrible. Charismatic, but idealistic and a jerk. Obviously has very little interaction with nurses or what they do. Would not recommend him under any circumstances.
2.0 : Prof is inaccessible and clearly is forced to teach this class. He is clearly overwhelmed and checked out.
1.0 : Dr. Bustillos was hard to contact (wouldn't respond to emails for about a week). His feedback on assignments was vague. The rubric for the main group research paper wasn't posted until week 7, which made it difficult to write our paper because my group and I didn't know the requirements.  Ask for extra credit assignments. I had to fight for points
1.0 : Sal withholds grades until it's too late (You do not know your grade until after the class is over). He takes it personally if you are late to his class.
1.0 : He is one of the worst teacher I have ever had. Avoid him at all costs! Drop the class or switch to another section ASAP otherwise your GPA will decline . He doesn't really care about students.
3.0 : Don't be late EVER! Attendance taken within first five minutes of class. Submit work on time or no credit. Lots of reading material. Withholds grades online until the end of quarter. Uses textbook a lot.
1.0 : The most confusing prof I've ever had! Never respond email!! AND It is NOT worth to risk you grade. He is extremely hard, no clarity, ton of readings. THE MOST SERIOUS problem is that he barely listen to student's thoughts and ideas. In other words, he is IMPATIENT and DISRESPECT to students! Knocked down student's confidence!
3.0 : Sal is kind of an old fashioned filmscreenplay professor and grades quite tough than my other professors. He likes to edit your story that you wrote and make it the way he sees it, not the way you're telling it. Attendance secretly matters in his class as he takes it in the beginning of the class. You come in late, you count as absent.
2.0 : Beware of this professor. His approach on screenplay is somewhat outdated. He doesn't care about today's society, culture, power, and norms. My screenplay was about girl breaks up with boy, but he forced me to change it to boy breaks up with girl since it is more interesting that way as he said. That's MY story and it was real. You've been warned.
1.0 : I took his introdiction  to film class . He is the most confusing teacher. Never show your grade to you. He is more like grading you based on your relationship with him. I never know what is my grade during the quarter. His class is also extremely boring and very old- fashioned . Never take his class and risk your gpa. I got 2.0 on his class
2.0 : I took this winter quarter. his only have 3 tests but all of them are tough. plus, he is hard to understand cuz of his pronunciation. handwriting is awful get ready to read textbook, because he's lecture are not that helpful
3.0 : Nice and funny lady but she's a tough grader. Gives no feedback or rude comments on exams.
1.0 : Not sure if they will even allow this professor to come back. He doesn't even teach the class. He brings in "professionals" to teach the class for him (random people he met on LinkedIn). He doesn't lecture, then turns around and grades you horribly on participation. Final project is 70% of the grade so you never know where you stand until the end.
1.0 : His lectures are insightful and educational when it comes to films. Having said that, his grading is unreasonable. If you write about a different opinion on what a scene/film means to you, he will grade you harshly. He is also unorganized and expectations are unclear. If you decide to take, write down everything he says and plagiarize his words.
2.0 : He's a great and knowledgeable professor, however, he is not clear with his expectations. Had us write 2 papers about specific movies we've seen in class but grades really harsh. Expects too much from a 300 level class, treats it like a graduate class. Also didn't grade the final, or even if he did, did not post online what score we received.
1.0 : Avoid all form of contact including emails and office hours. Marks points off on the most ridiculous reasons. This class is not suppose to be hard but she makes it extremely difficult. Please avoid her at all cost and take James West. Her class is extremely dull and boring that you will fall asleep 100%.
2.0 : She takes her class too seriously, avoid her at all cost. Extremely boring lectures, first 5-6 weeks you'll have a  writing assignment on sometimes a really inadequate topic and then a group work on it. E.g. in my essay I had to describe inform. nature of a rock! Also, online discussions, group project, and 8-10 pages long paper! She grades tough!
1.0 : Grades are way too hard and unreasonable. Lori makes the classes harder than discrete math or programming practicum. Simply put, don't take this class with her.
2.5 : Lori is not a good teacher, I do not recommend her. It is very hard to get help from her. She is never in her office during her posted office hours and she absolutely does not reply to email or canvas messages. She is also a very slow grader. She waits until the last couple of weeks of the quarter to grade everything. Avoid her if possible!
1.0 : Lori graded papers very harshly and she often came in late. She was unclear about assignments and expected them to know what she wanted. The whole class time was spent listening to her lectures and watching powerpoint presentations. They were very dry. I learned very little from this class, if anything at all. I would not recommend her.
2.0 : She has a hard time explaining concepts, so regardless of whether or not class description dismisses the need for "prior knowledge" , to make the most of the class, it's required. However, she grades on "improvement" so starting level doesn't really matter. She's very sweet, but grades harshly and dismisses ideas that do not align with her own.
1.0 : One of the worst professors in UW. You will understand how bad is the lecture is when you are really in.
1.0 : Did you prepare for the lecture? If not, why you are here?
1.0 : Prof Li makes it extremely obvious he does not want anything to do with teaching. His lectures consist of a lot of pointing at slides taken from other sources (wikipedia, the text book, other peoples' research) and the term "this thing" up to three times per sentence. He his not clear, often calling the same variable three different names.
4.0 : Before taking this class, I heard from my friends that he was not teaching well. I think it is not that bad. He may have some accent. But I feel that he has tried his bests to answer our questions. I recall that one time he spent the whole hour to go over some topics that I was lost during lectures. His tests and labs are reasonable.
1.0 : The lecture is not helpful at all. Learn the materials all by yourself and go over the text book, and you will not get a bad grade. I do not know why the grade was not been posted until the start of next quarter. Might be he do not care. Take care!
1.0 : You would be better to choose another professor. He just leave us and went to somewhere else without leaving a message, and even his TA was not been told. The grade was posted until the next quarter started. He does not care about students apparently.  And the explains for the course materials is not clear and sometimes confusing.
1.5 : He might get a good understanding of the material, but unable to  explain. The lecture slices is all about some graphs which is useless. Exams are not very difficult. Get earlier with your lab!
1.0 : The lecture was not useful and the whole organization was very pool. Not interested in teaching.
1.5 : The course structure is very bad. I believe, he puts a lot of pressure on his TAs and takes very little responsibility. He doesn't give proper guidelines for formal reports and skips many lectures. Overall, very poorly coordinated!
1.0 : Patrick Borror's sentences during voice lessons seem to consist of "Sing", and "Sing again". He does not give clear instructions as to how to fix problems, and if the student is unable to learn the correct rhythm/diction by himself, he merely says "Just learn it". I found this teacher unhelpful and felt no improvement.
1.0 : You're going to have to teach yourself by reading the chapters. It is hard to understand the lectures because she will stop half way through her sentence or thought and move onto something else. The class and lab are very unorganized. The professor does not respect the students and talks down towards them.
1.0 : This professor was the worst professor that I have taken throughout my college career. Be prepared to not understand any of her lectures and learn Microbiology on your own. She is very rude and condescending during class and points out people in front of everyone to tell them they're wrong. Very unclear in her expectations.
2.0 : took the "power of music" class thru the honors program. she was not a great teacher, talked mostly about herself and threw a lot of her own pity parties. feel like we never actually learned anything. my least favorite class at the university.
2.0 : I took an online French 101 course with Linda Beck.  As a straight A student,  I struggled. I took up to l3 Spanish which was a piece of cake. The amount of information on her site is overwhelming. She is extremely picky about pronunciation. If you are wrong, she won't tell you which word(s) or even questions so it is difficult to improve.
1.0 : She takes the 'creative' out of creative writing.
1.0 : Ask yourself if you want to learn nothing or do badly. If the answer to the above is yes then this is the class for you!
3.0 : Doesn't know how to use the provided tech very well. She also is often not prepared for class. However she is very willing to help and wants the class to participate. If you want to do well, read the book and do the optional homework as it is posted and you'll do fine.
1.0 : Too many concerts to attend (6) , online quizzes are only easy if someone screenshotted them to you (10 minutes, 1 attempt) and the number of points you accumulate is 100. Basically if you forget to 1 quiz or 1 discussion you lose 2 or 4 points. In that case the maximum percentage you can get is 96 or 98, assuming u attended ALL 6 x 2 hr concerts.
1.0 : terrible lecturer. disorganized. tests were super hard. Thanks to her, I have to retake this class.
3.0 : Two midterms, the 2nd midterm is way before finals week but lectures still continue after that. Final group project includes a group presentation but the reports are written individually. Be prepared to do a lot of mathematical proofs in the first half of this course. Textbook is not really required, just read her powerpoint. Lectures are clear.
1.5 : She is the worst!! Horrible lecturer, does not help at all with homework, you're pretty much on your own!! She's friendly and nice but what does that get you? Nothing!
1.0 : PHYSICS 227 Nice person, but terrible professor. Horrible hand writing, bad explanations, no introduction to materials, very drab lecturer.
2.5 : I really wish there had been a different prof to choose for Phys 227. Expectations were clear and work was reasonable but she is just a terrible lecturer. So dull, which made it ridiculously hard to focus. She essentially just copied her notes on the board, which she would often mess up or not be able to explain.
1.0 : not a good prof at all. rude and passive aggressive when students ask questions. this class had 0 structure and i was unsure of what was expected throughout the entire quarter. no syllabus, no grading scale, released grades an hour before they were due and I still don't know how my grade was calculated. AVOID this prof and this class.
2.0 : Lectures are confusing. No methods are ever explained, his calculations are always wrong which makes following notes very difficult. TA's are the only reason anyone ever knew what was happening. Read the AISC manual!
2.0 : It was her first time teaching a class and you can tell she was here for mostly research. Not a good teacher but was a very nice lady. The midterm was surprisingly easy but the final was very difficult. Make sure to do your HW
2.0 : She is extremely frustraiting. Unable to dumb it down for questions. Wasnt sure what to study.
1.0 : Professor is awful. Broke laws (gambling with students). Didn't follow grading criteria for MANY students (I've spoken to a few outside of class). And she's dishonest. Heck, she's even got 3 accounts on rate my professor for every time she starts getting low ratings, she changes accounts! I will never take her again, I would transfer before I did.
1.0 : Very nice, she really wants you to do well and I'm sure she is a very smart professor.  However, she is a horrible lecturer.  Doesn't explain things very well and hard to follow.  2 hour classes get VERY long. But if you can learn by picking up on a thing here or there it isn't a difficult class and you can do very well.
1.0 : He is very boring. I wanted to fall asleep. Exams are multiple choice like 405 and ask about the most specific details on lecture slides. The course is pure memorization. Very minimal application. The presentation of the material is not sequential either. He jumps from one thing to the next without a smooth transition.
2.0 : Terrible lecturer. Trips over his own sentences a lot. Note taking is a nightmare because he will go through a selection of verbs until he has the perfect one and then rushes on to the next point. Dawdles at the beginning of lecture with jokes and then explanation of those jokes leaving insufficient time to finish so he rushes at the end.
1.0 : This class is hard and instructors teaching this class don't know how to help students. They think they are doing good job but I guess for me they are not. The lectures are full new information and there is not enough time to absorb all of it. Good Luck with this class...
1.0 : Lectures are packed with information that he would read off the powerpoint.
3.0 : He's nice and knows what he's talking about. Lectures can be boring, but I think that's mostly because they are packed with so much information. The class in general is hard just because of the sheer amount of material covered, but exams are multiple choice which is kinda nice.
4.0 : Does you a huge service - condenses huge amount of info into very helpful and thoughtfully constructed slide decks.  Clear, concise, and very fair predictable grading.  Don't listen to the hate, everyone who does well in the course appreciates him.  Low scores from people who don't like to study or work hard.
2.0 : Dr. Stocco means well, but his lectures are relatively useless. Tests are only based on the textbooks and the questions are extremely specific and confusing. All multiple choice, but "one answer is MORE correct than the rest" even though more than one may seem correct. Not my favorite class. Interesting information, though.
2.0 : slides are not informative enough and hard to understand, does not do ponopto recordings therefore it is important to come to class since he does not fallow the book 100% .  i am not clear on whether you can consider his questions as "trick questions" or just hard to understand.  only offered 3 points for extra credit. and no exam reviews provided
1.0 : Karen was hired to teach a graduate-level course around a topic where she clearly lacks knowledge. Though this was the fault of the school for creating a situation where they didnt have the faculty to support their curriculum, Karen was also a horrible and angry instructor. Her course was a miserable experience for the entire class.
1.0 : Meh. I'd avoid her if possible. Did not seem to understand what she was teaching, was very confusing in lecture, and was not clear about what constituted an A+ grade for assignments.
2.0 : Doctor Flaherty is very intelligible. That being said I do have some issues with her teaching. Her lectures are a jumbled mess of broken thoughts and tangents conveyed through broken English.  Her idea of giving out homework is to mention it in passing while giving lecture.
2.0 : Martine is one of the many teaching assistants teaching French. Her native language is Creole you can tell when she speaks English and French. Unclear with explanations, doesn't often understand what you're asking the first time. Homework every day online. She tries but... meh.
1.5 : Unorganized lectures and unclear assignment and grading criteria. Difficult to get clear answers out of him for what he wants for papers. Interesting topic nonetheless
1.0 : Jonathan is funny and seems like a cool guy. He even plays Drake before class. That being said, his lectures are jumpy and unorganized, his assignments (both essay prompts and quizzes) are  unclear and misleading, grading criteria are poorly laid out. Were it not a requirement, I would not take this class.
4.0 : I'm not sure why his reviews are so bad, I took him twice and he is very experienced and has so much knowledge. He is a great, really nice prof and there were only readings, journals, and a final paper/presentation. You get to choose your topic! He's always open to help and his class discussions are great! I always try to take his class.
1.0 : High expectations with very broad guidelines. Gives extra time to people who only show up to class once  every two weeks. Takes too long to grade and give feedback. Not organized with syllabus. Lots of readings but many not discussed. Tends to choose "favorites" meaning calling on those who know material in intro class. Does not break down content.
1.0 : Unfair grader. Very little feedback. Will not give you a good grade if you don't take his advice.
2.0 : Very poor professor. Lots of lectures &amp; reading. Not organized &amp; incredibly poor time management skills. Doesnt care about your grades.  Final assignment is worth over 50% of grade, which he fails to mention. Expectations arent defined &amp; rubrics arent given.  Seems like an easy class until the end, when grading changes to hard without warning.
1.5 : Poorly organized, most of the assignments did not have a grading rubric until right before it was due. Did not grade to the rubric. Her disposition towards her students is not very encouraging. While it is evident she enjoys what she does, class contribution is not welcome and student questions and comments seem to be an inconvenience.
3.0 : Okay, he's really not THAT bad. At first glance, he seems disorganized and inarticulate, but i feel bad for the guy cause he was clearly trying. I had no previous econ knowledge going into the class, and did just fine. Tip: don't buy the textbook/ borrow it from Ode; he prints out lecture slides for everyone which is everything you'll need to know
1.0 : I would avoid this guy like the plague. No regards for preparation for lecture and does not respond to emails. I really really hope for the sake of the profession, he does not become a professor some where. Once in lecture, he made a calculation mistake and stared at the board for nearly 10 minutes. super awkward. would not listen to students.
1.0 : Worst professor ever. His lecture is boring and too little information; he repeat the same thing all over again. He teach based on his slides, and it's not synchronize with the textbook. The grade is just based on the hw, midterm and final. He's not helpful outside the class and the worst thing is he's a tough grader, at least for this intro class!
1.0 : Terrible professor I have ever seen. Not clear on the instructions. Avoid her at all cost!
2.0 : Although shes a respected teacher, it is extremely difficult to learn in her class. Most of the work is labs which consist of making maps using ArcGIS. There is minimal explanation on how to actually use the software. You are expected to learn yourself. Accent is also heavy which makes it difficult to understand lectures. Hard grader as well.
2.0 : seemed like a lot of work for an online class. 2 papers based on 2 different performances outside of class, weekly discussion posts that are pretty time consuming, weekly quizzes/lectures/readings. midterm &amp; final. Eckard was pretty harsh grading, even for stupid things like not italicizing play titles, and then was rude when I asked about grading
1.0 : Seriously, run for the hills of you have this guy or switch out. Papers are long, very unapproachable guy. He's awkward and the lectures are extremely dry - worst 2 hours out of my day everytime I have to come to class. Pretty much impossible to get a good grade and I've always gotten an A in English. Terrible class and terrible professor.
2.5 : Minda is difficult. She's a good person, but the class is disorganized &amp; it feels like she blames you, even when she's not clear. Class frequently started before it was scheduled, meaning she had to re-explain things, and she sounded annoyed. Strict about phone &amp; laptop use. Didn't put things into context. Nice person, just not a great professor.
1.0 : She is a really nice person, although her class was difficult.  Won't respond to her e-mail until days later.  She does not give any break during class time and a couple times went over time.  Assigns lots of readings and expects you to attend class.
3.0 : Professor Rejoice Mudzimiri was my first professor in mathematics when I started my fall quarter of University Of Washington Bothell. At first it is quite hard to understand her due to her accent. But she is quite caring and she wants you to succeed but at the same time you must put in the effort. Overall homework was very easy, not long at all.
1.0 : Easily the worst teacher I've had in my 17 years of education.  Unprepared.  Does not know how to read the room.  Gives no feedback.  Seems unaware of reality.  And was absent on the day of our big project presentation to boot.  the irony, is the class was about how to be a good teacher, create a good curriculum, and give appropriate feedback. sad
1.0 : She doesn't really teach you anything, all she does is give you the resources for you to teach yourself online through the homework. You have to ask, why bother taking this class when you could literally be better off learning by yourself?
1.0 : It's extremely unfortunate that the website our class uses for homework explains the material better than she can. What adds on to the insanity is the fact that she constantly teaches new material despite there being an exam the following week. She can't read the class when we're confused, tired, or in need of studying. The next 2 months will hurt.
1.0 : I have never done one of these but I have also never had such an awful teacher, so rude, no idea what's going on in class, grades very hard with no clarification, she doesn't seem into teaching at all. I am all about respect for teachers, I rarely complain but She is the worst teacher I have ever had in my entire life, I want to cry going there.
1.0 : STEER CLEAR OF THIS CLASS AT ALL COST. She is the WORST professor to take for social research &amp; cultural studies. She gives NO constructive criticism, nor does she teach her students ANYTHING that will contribute to the "group project." She will not help students, and will NOT clarify ANYTHING. She is super passive aggressive! DO NOT TAKE HER!!!!!!
2.0 : She doesn't clarify very good instructions and then grades like she did. The entire class is groups so make sure you get a good one because she won't let you move. She would have random bursts of anger towards a student and then a few minutes later would be back to "normal".  I would not recommend.
1.0 : Worst professor I've had. She waited until the end of the quarter to grade our assignments, went off on tangents during lectures, and constantly shut students down. Assignment criteria was never clear and no one ever knew what they were supposed to be doing. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
3.0 : Yes she's tough and blunt, but as long as you are interactive during class discussions and do the homework/projects on time then you'll be fine. I agree, she is no extremely clear on directions and she is a bit unorganized sometimes.
4.0 : Really nice teacher, knows what she's talking about but I found it extremely boring. Some people used the book but looking at her slides made more sense. She has surprise participation points so show up to class. Midterm, research paper, and final were super easy if you study her slides/study guide.
1.0 : Horrible professor,  never upgrades grades. Got the lowest grade in my entire life in this class. Avoid at all expenses!!!!!!!
1.0 : Tiffany's Globalization class wasn't  very good. She read off her papers the whole time and wasn't relational. Her grading was terrible, the participation is graded biased. This class is very bias. I tried to go in to office hours but she wasn't helpful. Midterm and Final are easy if you study, the paper is graded fairly hard. 94% is 4.0.
1.0 : Her grading criteria is not clear at all and you never know how you can lose your points all the time
1.0 : She is just not a good teacher. Doesn't explain anything in class. Kind of just goes through the slides for the sake of it.
2.0 : Reads off of slide notes and isn't able to explain the financial sections of the material. Nice when you go to office hours. The course is very biased, but that isn't really Tiffany's fault.
4.0 : I honestly don't understand the negative reviews here. Tiffany is a great teacher, and I have personally learned a lot from this class. The course content is pretty interesting, albeit very reading-heavy. The textbook is quite dense, but Tiffany's lectures sum up very well the main points of each chapter. She truly wants to get to know each student
1.0 : This professor does not clearly explain materials in class, and grade you on really trivial things. In particular, she makes the tests and projects way harder than previous quarters regardless the fact that most people are just taking this class for credit.
1.0 : This professor goes through the slides for the sake of it, and she doesn't offer great explanations. Very unhelpful. DO NOT TAKE.
2.0 : The class was on manufacturing processes, but exams have absolutely nothing to do with manufacturing. Get ready to derive pointless equations that you'll never use in your career. Oh all within a 50-minute time period. You will need to find a solutions manual and scour through the book in order to get some understanding.
1.0 : The best advice I can give you is to read the book. Professor Banerjees lectures are useless. He doesn't go in to detail about anything but will expect you to know in depth material for the test. You're better off not even going to class and just teaching yourself.
1.0 : His lectures are eloquent and rehearsed, I'll give him that. However I don't know how someone can say so much in a lecture yet have all of it be completely useless information. Be prepared to prove equations in order to learn the different manufacturing processes (no, you didn't misread that).
2.0 : Chinese Prof  Tough Exam. Lecture notes are not hard, but exam questions are much much much harder!!!!
1.0 : She teaches 1+12 in class, and tests you derivatives of function...
2.0 : hard to understand her english
1.0 : Literally the quietest person I've ever taken a class from. He's so quiet that no one can hear him. Whenever he was lecturing, I wouldn't even go to class because I couldn't hear him.  No help at all because he's quieter than a mouse.
1.0 : Classes are long and boring.  Lots of busy work.  Useless teaching, has us use github for just writing.
1.5 : Claims she does not believe in busy work, yet assigns tons of useless assignments. The homework is on par with the writing level of an 8th grader. Assignments include copying and pasting Lorem Ipsum in a 3 page IEEE template. She is also deadlocked on using GitHub even for tech writing. Whether you liked HCDE or not, prepare to die of boredom.
1.0 : He's unorganized with Canvas, assignments, group work, and final projects. He's unorganized with EVERYTHING. He rarely comes to teach the class because he lets his "assistant professor" do most of the talking and teaching. This professor not only lacks presence, but also lacks clarity in what he says. He has no structure, either. Very terrible.
1.0 : Unorganized, doesn't make any sense with his explanation and grading, and lack of clarity in coursework/project.
1.0 : She does not give clear idea of expectations, grades extremely poorly, and spends no in class time relating course content to the assignments. Do not take her class!
1.0 : I highly recommend NEVER taking this course with Acquanda. Her writing assignments rarely make any sense and she is an unreasonably tough grader. I had a terrible experience with this instructor and know a number of other students who felt the same way. If I could give a 0 I would.
3.0 : I have taken this course and there is no denying it is kind of challenging because there is a lot of writing and she is a pretty tough grader, but i felt I am def. a stronger writer. I learned writing styles and how to analyze and research in Acquanda's class that I didn't in others.
5.0 : This teacher's teaching style is good but she expects a lot from students. You will learn a lot in class if you are serious, but if you think you can just pass without really trying and expect a good grade. You wont get it. She has high expectations and if you work hard you will do well and learn a ton about writing. being there is required.
1.0 : She is not very helpful at all in class. Assignments don't instruct very well at all. Will get on you for talking too loud with a classmate when doing a peer review with that person. Also knowing that she said its okay to talk. Overall just not a great professor with bad communication skills with her students. Also teds to miss class a lot.
1.0 : Papers have little to no direction and you must follow her writing style or points will be deducted. Overall one of the worst english classes I have taken at UW. She's more worried about making sure the students know she is a feminist and breast feeding activist than teaching how to properly write an essay. Unless you have to, do not take.
1.0 : Horrifically bad TA and lecturer. Not only did I not learn anything from his teaching style, he also went way out of his way to offend students whom he personally disliked. Would not take again.
1.0 : Does not provide practical knowledge or useful information. Simply refers us to other sites to find information. Covers main concepts related to the design of software, but his lectures are useless. Expect to learn on your own time. Half the class is dedicated to brainstorming? This class was a total joke.
1.0 : This class felt like a complete waste of time, and I barely learned anything. Topics that should have taken 10 minutes to be taught is dragged out over 2 hours. Furthermore, the presentation of lectures is very unorganized as the lecturer comes in without a plan (he even told us so). A single group project is the main focus of the class. No tests.
2.0 : Great artist and mediocre instructor. But, if she decides she doesn't like you, you're better off dropping the class.
2.0 : I had Tom for an online AutoCAD class; the class used lecture videos that he had recorded 2 or 3 quarters prior. The videos were disorganized and inefficient. NOTE: I did not use his office hours, so he may be more helpful in person. This rating is based on the CEE291 videos; they may be re-recorded in the future.
1.0 : Incredibly disorganized. Likes to use class time to complain about her personal life, her teaching team, the material chosen by the main professor and just about anything else. While she is very nice her ability to teach material effectively is lacking.
4.0 : I took MUSIC 122 during the summer quarter (4weeks). There was alot to do and only for 2 credits! I really did enjoy the class though and am glad that I took it.  Be prepared for readings everyday, weekly quizzes, and atleast 3 hours of opera video every week. Catherine is really knowledgable  and funny.
1.0 : She was really unorganized, and would often go off topic. She would also laugh at people who would answer a question wrong when being called on. I wouldn't recommend taking her section.
2.0 : Clear explanations and grading criteria, but his quiz sections are always behind. He gives "optional" discussion questions, but you need to have answers for section if you want any participation credit. Tbh, I'm only doing well because a friend from another TA is sharing his section notes. Larry was not the most helpful TA, especially for review.
1.0 : Horrible professor, and the only one teaching 115. 1st midterm was 9 questions multiple choice, didn't provide correct answer for 3 of the questions. Lectures are dull and doesnt seem confident in himself as a professor. Hardly looks up (or does so briefly) to look at students so you may have your hand up for a while before he notices you.
2.0 : -Lectures were dull/slow paced -Professor lacked enthusiasm -Many questions asked were not answered--whether he did not comprehend what was being asked or did not know how to explain the answer -Grading policies unclear at times, you will have to fight for points on exams/participation/homework -The book is essential to learning the material
1.0 : I took her class in winter 2016. She is very monotone, and boring. She is not Clear on what you need to accomplish and is not specific. She can go on rants which are nor necessary for the main topic.
1.0 : I took her Art After 1945 class in spring 2017 and was (still am) extremely dissappointed. She is monotone, unengaging and not specific in what she wants from you as a student. Her tests are not hard, but the test prep is rediculous. I fell asleep multiple times and some days couldnt bring myself to even get to class because it's so boring.
1.0 : Very boring, no enthusiasm, not recommended to non-art history majors. Take this class if you're very interested in art history or it's your major. Her final exam was fine but lectures are pain. There's no Ponopto for class and you have to take LOTS of notes. Very hard to process information given by her. So unfair on grading my final paper.
3.0 : This was my first art history class and I enjoyed it. A little mundane if you have no interest in art, but overall a smooth class and not difficult. Study the images well weekly.
1.0 : Very difficult class. She expects you to know the smallest details. TA's are horrible and do not even know how to explain the material themselves. Would not recommend.
3.0 : Go to office hours! I had a very hard time at first in Jonathan's class but I ended up really liking the class. After the first midterm I tried my best to make it to as many office hours as possible and he was very helpful. Jonathan is very smart and will even expand on mathematical concepts that are very interesting. Very hard class for sure.
1.0 : Complaints are that he doesn't curve his class to a 3.0 (no 300 level class does this). Partial credit is hard to achieve since exam questions are 5pts /question assigned to them. Exam extra credit in his class rewards the really smart, while hurting everyone else's grades.  Unprofessional (created his rubric very late, sends out practice w/o key).
1.0 : 20% of the grade for Math 134 is based on hard weekly quizzes. HW is worth 5%. This class would be a lot less stressful if Jonathan used a different grading method. I would recommend taking this class with a different professor.
1.0 : Quizes are terrible, his personality seems snarky, and he doesn't seem to be interested in students success.
5.0 : He is enthusiastic in teaching and his way of explaining things are actually very clear.
1.0 : Not a professional teacher and even cannot solve the problems in the pratice final that he sends us.
2.0 : Disapponiting teacher.
2.0 : Boring lecture
3.0 : I have had to take multiple classes with this professor-and have never enjoyed any of the classes. The professor is a major micro-manager and doesn't allow creativity or chance for students to think for themselves. Class is filled with busy work completely unrelated to the class. Easy A, but would not recommend.
1.0 : Her 100 level classes are just as "difficult" as her 400 level classes. She's condescending to students and makes it discouraging to participate in class. Expect no creative freedom on assignments and projects. Has great guest speakers, but constantly interrupts them. Class is an easy A, however, I would not recommend.
1.0 : This class is a lot of group work and participation. You can't pass the class if you don't show up. There weren't any midterms/finals exams in this class, just a final presentation. If you don't like micromanagers and don't like to move around the classroom a lot, then don't take her. However, it's an easy A, so you can deal with the discomfort.
1.0 : When I say "Micro" you say "Manage"! If you've ever been curious as to what daycare would be like as an adult, take her classes. Actually, you'll have to take a class or TWO of hers if your major is in the field of Urban Studies. It's almost worth changing your major. Going back to daycare, I'd rather be at daycare because there's nap time.
1.0 : I didn't enjoy this professor at all. Every class we repeated the same material over and over again. It almost felt like she was just trying to keep us busy rather than expand our learning. She had no interest in her students way of learning and she intervened in group work and did not allow us to have our own style of learning.  Waste of time.
1.0 : Did not like this professor. Lots of busy work that was so unnecessary.  She treated us like 5 year old kids. No tests in this class. Just lots of group work, moving around, and group presentation. I didn't learn anything new after the first day. Everything we learned the first day was repeated everyday after that.
2.0 : This entire class was group work. You do the reading for class and you discuss the reading in groups, and it doesn't matter if you know what you're talking about or not because she gives the entire group full credit for just being present. If you don't attend class, then you won't get the points for the group work which is the largest part of grade
1.0 : Horrible teacher. Very vague in giving assignments and boring. He does not possess any teaching skills whatsoever and reads off the slides every single day. He gets extremely defensive whenever you ask him questions so don't bother :/ WANTS your grade to be horrible, claiming it's to make you work harder. Do not take him!
2.0 : Assignment was so vague. You need to memorize everything  in the slide for exams.
1.0 : Thought it was going to be a great class taught by a great professor with Microsoft working experience. Good at work doesn't necessarily mean good at teaching. He was basically re-state what was on the lecture slides. Each test covers too many &amp; too broad topics, and most of them are listing &amp; theoretical. Does not have grading rubric or guideline
2.0 : Pop quizzes on lab days. No book to buy is nice but there are a lot of presentations. Lots of small papers due weekly. Big, detailed lab note book worth a lot of your grade. Reflection essays every week in the lab note book plus lots of weekly small papers that you upload + weekly presentations. Wouldn't take again.
1.0 : This was the worst professor I have ever had at UW. 1. He mumbles during lecture and its hard to follow along 2. He scribbles on notes while constantly handing out tons of packets 3. Lacks engagement with students during class. Message of material isn't conveyed in an understandable manner.
1.0 : Awful lecturer, unhelpful and dismissive to students. Hard to understand in class. Only teacher at UW i was negatively-passionate enough to leave a bad review. STAY AWAY.
4.0 : attending his class now, I think he is really helpful and willing to help students
1.0 : I'm not actually sure if this is a good professor or not. His accent is so thick that I can not understand a SINGLE SENTENCE that he says. I can only pick up the occasional word. If you like learning in lecture, DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! Also, I have never ever had a professor this picky about grading. The course material itself is fine, though.
4.0 : Here's the thing: it's really hard to understand him. With that said, it's really easy to do well in this class. He literally wants you to succeed. E.g., he gave us a supplemental quiz to boost our grade because a lot of the class missed 3 points on the last quiz. No, really, he does everything to get you an A. Go get that easy GPA boost.
1.0 : His class notes are poorly organized, he mumbles during class and is almost impossible to understand, and he still expects you to understand everything that is thrown at you. He is an awful professor and I would advise you to stay away.
1.0 : DON'T TAKE OPS WITH HIM!! He scribbles illegible notes and calls them "lectures" and makes it nearly impossible to follow along. Also, for the midterm, he didn't want students sitting right next to each other so instead of making different versions of the test, he made half the class walk 30 minutes across campus to take it in a different room
1.0 : Do NOT take this professor. I am a junior, in the global honors program, LOVE school, 3.8 GPA. She is unclear judgemental disorganized rude confusing contradicting frustrating unhelpful &amp; disappointing. Class was a complete waste of time. Syllabus was a total  joke, don't count on it guiding u, don't count on her instructing u. want to report her
1.0 : If you enjoy being called out and embarrassed in class, pop quizzes, sitting through countless lectures with accompanying slideshows, getting your presentations interrupted, and feeling discouraged by a negative learning environment: she is the professor for you.
1.0 : Even though great attendance is not a part of the syllabus, she will still count it against you. I missed a few weeks of school for personal reasons that I chose not to disclose with her; in return, she said, she'd fail me and refuse to accept my work even if my work is completed. I regret taking this course.
1.0 : It's a wonder she still has a career as an educator. She is disrespectful, disorganized, and extremely demotivating as far as furthering your education as students' work was called embarrassing, among other things. If you didn't take 209 at UWT, expect to write an entire proposal. Disorganized, rude, and a complete waste of time. AVOID AT ALL COST!
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. She is rude, and disrespectful. Her lectures don't make any sense whatsoever. Her exams are everything from the book, nothing from her "lectures". Her syllabus is a joke. She is very inconsiderate for anything that's happening outside of class. Oh.. and she makes fun of ALOT of things. Again... DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS.
1.0 : Her lectures often times are off topic and the syllabus constantly changes. There was a lot of confusion about due dates and hw tasks. She does not give in depth instructions/requirements for the paper, yet has high expectations. I got a good grade because I rewrote my paper several times, it was very stressful as paper requirements kept changing.
1.0 : Don't. If you value your time, money and education, do not take her class. She's rude, unclear and often goes on tangents. There were probably only two days of class time where we actually LEARNED and it was because of a guest lecturer and a librarian.
5.0 : She makes you work hard to complete her courses, but UWT needs more of this in my opinion. Students are often rude to her in class, disrupting the learning environment. Took 209 and will be taking 309 with her because she taught me quite a bit about research methods. If you truly value psychology you would learn how to communicate better with her.
1.0 : this teacher is the worst I've ever had. give different students different grades even if the answers are the same. makes u do pointless power point presentations before an exam and a review which makes absolutely no sense. if you're late to class you might not even want to come at all cause she will pick on you throughout the entire class.
4.0 : I had this lady for 309, liked how patient, encouraging &amp; supportive she was of me, so took 265 the next quarter. Her drawbacks are: she does not give very good feedback &amp; does not stick to her own schedule in the syllabus, so it's hard to know when there will be a quiz. But if you're doing your reading and you're participating you'll do well
1.0 : Very unorganized and unclear of what she expects of the class. Lectures were all over the place, if you can even call them lectures. Will be taking psych 309 with another professor.
2.0 : Was looking forward to my class topic, but was very disappointed. The lectures felt endless, class was mostly listening to him go on about multiple diff subjects, only a few of which would seem connected. Outside of class was a ton of reading. The assignments werent difficult, but I definitely dont look forward to class. Would not recommend.
2.0 : He structures the class as a typical lit class. Expect lots of reading, sitting through two hours of him lecturing, and two papers that show that you "get" the material. It's honestly pretty easy to zone out bc he's monotonous and doesn't engage students well, but he's very open to office hours if you need any help. Show up for daily participation.
1.0 : Unless you share Clarence's political views, do not speak up in his class. He displayed the most inappropriate behavior by a teacher I've ever seen in a classroom when a student simply asked a clarifying question to one of his many politically motivated statements. I am extremely disappointed that there are teachers like him in higher education.
2.0 : Awful. Todd isn't the one giving instructions for the course. You watch old lectures from the past two GH professors. It sucks your time away, the assignments are difficult and too worth too much for an intro 100 lvl class. It is difficult to get help. Worst online class I have taken so far.
1.0 : This is quite possibly the most annoying online class ever. If you're premed and taking actually hard and important classes like biochem-don't sign up for this class. It will suck away all of your time on useless mind numbing assignments that aren't even medically interesting. This 100 level online class is more effort than its worth.
2.0 : Professor Faubion is frustratingly unorganized. He gave us a schedule at the beginning of the year but got off track week one and has not provided a new one. Whether there are assignments or not and when they are due is pure guesswork. Today he assigned the sixth part of our project, due tomorrow at midnight with an estimation length of 8 hours.
2.0 : This class effectively ruined my first quarter here. If you are taking a pre-req and your GPA matters for getting into your major, I highly recommend avoiding this class. The work is far beyond what is expected from a 101 level class and all the weekly readings and assignments will suck away much of your time and focus away from your other classes.
2.0 : Online class. Faubion is probably a great researcher, but not a great teacher. We would be told loosely what to do - like here are your questions, now go browse the internet. But we were not EXPLAINED anything. This is an intro class bro...I had 300 and 400 level classes this term and I had much less reading and confusion compared to this class...
1.0 : Shouldn't be considered a prof; you watch online lectures given by different profs in the past and videos, do a lot of outside reading, and do little assignments for this big paper at the end. Heard more from my TA than him. If you have lots of time to read and watch lectures, take it. Otherwise, skip it.
1.0 : Major requirement. Each week 2 pp paper with 4 citations. Readings easily 40+ pages plus (which isn't bad) but very dense and never relate back to class info. Lectures are jam packed with slides, couldn't grasp onto main messages each week. 12 pp midterm. 6  pp proposal. 12 pp final. NO REGRADES. She didn't know what Thanksgiving was. Hardest class
1.0 : Very selective with her grading and only likes the students who don't know what they're doing. Very condescending to responses and hard to get help from.
3.0 : Nancy is a nice person, but that doesn't always translate to her role as a professor. Her assignments are vaguely worded and she clearly has favorites in class. If you participate, she will like you and grade you better overall. She is friendly and helpful in office hours however, attend those if you can. There are better 131 teachers out there.
1.0 : It seems like she forms an opinion about you in the first few days of class and judges you by that for the rest of the term.  This is bad for class morale because you know she will always hold that negative view of you.  She is very judgmental and doesn't allow her students to voice their ideas.  Avoid this class if possible.
1.0 : A very bad lecturer, but he's a decent person. Spends most of the time explaining concepts that are not relevant and will not be covered in the exams. You get a lot of homework, I mean a lot, more than your 5 credit classes, there is no way that you can finish it, the solutions manual will come in handy. Would not recommend taking him.
1.0 : If you find out that you have him for a class, make sure that you switch out ASAP. His lectures are often ahead of the homework (too far ahead) and doesn't explain well. He doesn't show you how to do example problems but rather spends deriving a lot of stuff that isn't needed and unhelpful for the homework (which is super difficult).
1.0 : If you have him for 307, switch our or just drop the class completely. He assigns about 10-40 (yes 40) hours of homework a week, doesn't reply to e-mails, and his midterm was all application problems that would've taken at least 2 hours to finish. Takes forever to return homework. Comes in late. Bad. Do not take with him.
3.0 : I'm not sure if it's an art history class or a writing credit class. She put so much emphasis students' writing skills rather than looking into students' ideas. Honestly, I got an amazing grade on exams, and I got ridiculously horrible grades on my papers just because I'm not a good writer. Don't take this class if you're not a good writer.
2.0 : Not a great teacher whatsoever. He doesn't seem to teach the class anything, he likes to just talk about theory as if we already knew it all. One class period he spent the whole time talking about Kendrick Lamar, something completely unrelated to music theory. The only reason why I passed this class was because I have prior theory knowledge.
5.0 : His lectures are amazing, you don't need to ready heavily on the textbooks. He will give you a list of good questions in the textbook to practice on to be prepared for tests.
1.0 : Professor Hopkins is the WORST professor I have ever had. Never have I met a professor who has so little interest in whether students succeed or not. He's rude when you try to ask him questions and he makes you feel awful about yourself. Doesn't understand that not all students are going to be great at chemistry right away and is reluctant to help.
1.0 : He would not provide a grading scale for the course, despite multiple requests for one. He would not allow us to know the class average, so none of us knew if we were all doing awful. Three exams in his class. No practice exams, so you really have no idea what to expect. I wish I would've taken the three quarter class just to not have him.
1.0 : DO NOT take this class with Hopkins. You will regret it. You will have to teach yourself everything and expect the unexpected because he does not prepare you at all and then gives very difficult exams. The quizzes each week are also difficult because the only things you have to prepare for them are sapling and book questions. I would not recommend!
1.0 : Very unclear in assignment expectations, poor communicator, insanely oppressed with APA guidelines as end all be all, uninspiring lecturer, critical and monotone, unprepared lectures and content.
1.0 : Does not hand out A's. Also has the TA grade all papers and doesn't use rubrics. Grading is highly subjective, good luck with this one.
2.0 : Her lectures did not make much sense as she pretty much read over each slide on her power point she got from the textbook. In order to succeed in this class, you actually have to read the textbook. Also, the homework assigned were not really relevant to what she was teaching in class.
2.0 : Hard grader and many many many papers that need to write!  I got 3.4 for this course, but most of other professor would give 3.7 for average. Also, 3.4 is like high grade in our class.
2.0 : Boring&amp;confusing topic. HW graded on "holistic" view, no feedback on what you did wrong unless you specifically ask. 1 HW and 1 Quiz/wk on same days. Too much to do on the quiz constricted into 30 min. Lectures go kind of quick but Kirby always asks if slow-down is needed. Class is basically a Linguistics-math class, full of grammar equations.
1.0 : This is is hilarious. You will expect spending your weekend to finish the homework and weekday studying for the quiz. This class just doesn't make sense at all. Each powerpoint slide has over 100 pages but still not clear. She expected everyone know what linguistic is without explain the basic concept. No clear study guide for quiz and final.
1.0 : Kirby is the worst instructor I've ever had at UW. They don't know enough about the material to be teaching the class. They talked way too fast during lectures and I was basically teaching myself the material. Online quizzes were difficult, and in order to do well on the homework I had to go to T.A. office hours every week. This class was hell.
1.0 : Kirby is the worst "instructor" I've ever had at UW. Their class is only difficult because they don't teach you anything and going to class physically causes pain. The class is so boring and all they do is read off slides. They give mixed directions and get mad when you follow them. There is nothing I regret more in life than taking this class!
1.0 : Kirby is a joke of an instructor. They read off the slides so fast and you have to teach yourself the material. Homework is due on Monday and takes up ALL of your weekend. Quizzes are on Fridays and you have to study all week even though the quiz is on stuff they haven't taught. This class was soooooooooooo horrible.
4.0 : Deeply enthusiastic TA-- tends to talk fast, but will slow down and repeat if you ask them to. Focuses on having students work with each other in section and having class discussions on what we learned in lecture. Throws in humor sometimes. (Note: This review is for the Spring 2017 LING 200 class I took with them, I'm just writing it super late.)
2.0 : Doesn't grade anything until the very end of the class which is very frustrating. Expectations are extremely unclear and honestly just fluctuate a lot even if you think you understand them. Alex is an amazingly nice person and the class itself was enjoyable, but in an academic setting it became stressful when not knowing what was expected.
2.0 : Coming into this class, I thought anatomy suppose to be a fun class. However after taking with Dr. Sherk, I realized anatomy was one of my worse class at UW. The professor expected you to remember 3-4 lectures (10+ terms per lecture) each week for quiz. She gave out quiz on the day before the exam &amp; barely give extra credit. Wouldn't recommend her.
1.0 : Everything is wrong with this class.  She tests and quizzes on content that is subjective.  e.g There was call for two "against the grain" textbooks (which are amazing). Each one held two different "Most applicable" answers for 4 questions on a test. Her response was "I was generous with everyone's participation points."   EqualityEquity? Horrible
1.0 : Don't take her class. Lots of quizzes. She did't give enough time for us to write down what is on the power-point, and she put the power-point on Canvas with blanks. She is not organize. And never explain grading system clearly.
1.0 : She straight up didnt give us a rubric for our final assignment, an executive summary. It is worth 1/5 of the total grade. On other assignments she would give power points with blanked out words for study content then tell us that we should have taken quicker notes when in class she flew through lectures. WORST TEACHER YET.
1.0 : Very strict on participation grade, complains that we don't share our ideas enough even though her lecture is like a 2 hour run on sentence about mostly her life. She posts lecture PowerPoint's to help us study, but blanks out words because we should already have take notes. Problem is she flies through slides, but we still should "write faster".
1.0 : I would not take another class with Professor Hayman. She was always in a terrible mood, and was the worst lecturer I've had since high school. She gives points for speaking up once a week in class, and the quizzes are straight off the Power Point slides. Most boring class I've taken in a long time.
1.0 : Randomly checking on attendance. If I were you, I would choose another teacher or wait a quarter.
1.0 : If I were you, I would definitely not take his class. Sometimes he gets confused when he is teaching in class. Besides, he has such terrible accent that barely  no one understands him. I basically all learned by reading the book myself.
2.0 : Very heavy accent, an this is coming from an Asian as well. He doesn't really answers questions well, and does a poor job properly explaining concepts. If you do decide to take this professor, make sure you watch a lot of youtube videos, attend tutor sessions, read a lot, etc. Bc he himself won't teach you much.
1.0 : While yes I took her when she was a TA for Melissa Knox, if she were to become anything more then the Department of Economics would suffer as a whole. Her lectures are awful, people would get up during her small quiz sections. Her accent is so heavy it's hard to understand and she gave out the wrong test grade of a 50% as opposed to  88% one time.
1.0 : terrible, barely speaks English, and doesn't speak loud enough to be heard. In addition, grades tough on writing assignments. Almost seems as if she takes points off for the sake of taking points off. If she is your TA beware! Expect to be graded more toughly than your peers in a class where a couple points really does matter.
1.0 : horrid, grades tough. if possible, take another TA.  Doesn't speak English, but nobody in the Econ department does.
2.0 : Did not like this class. But professor had great humor. Make sure you have some programming experience before taking his class, I highly recommend it.
1.0 : Before taking this class you might want to have programming experience. Jeremy doesn't really teach and most of class time is having problems thrown at you with the expectation that you know how to do it. Reviews for exams aren't close to what's covered on the exams and there isn't a clear reading schedule to follow. Tests are hard, good luck!
4.0 : Jeremy was an overall solid professor, he is nice to his students, but don't expect him to do everything for you. This is a programming class where you really have to put to the time and effort into succeeding. He encourages you to ask him questions and I loved how he was willing to give out solutions for anyone who missed them. Tests are fair.
1.0 : Programming 1 class You have to aspect that student does not know anything. However, his teaching is like not teach a baby how to walk first but he give the baby a car and drive it until you crash. Project 1 and 2 DONT hope that even though your program run perfectly you got full credit. He WILL find a way to diduct your score. I learn on my own !
2.0 : This class was so awful. I would recommend taking it from any other professor if possible. Nancy clearly wasn't very interested in being there to teach because she had everything graded via connect, even the tests which was a complete nightmare. She wasn't available outside of class and didn't do much more than walk us through the presentation.
1.0 : I felt like I was taking an online class; all assignments and tests were through connect, the professor didn't grade anything. Lectures were pulled directly from the book. She didn't work through any problems just put questions and answers up on the screen and gestured around. Very discouraging class for an accounting major.
1.0 : Remedial expectations for a Master's level curriculum Does not understand complex papers
1.0 : This is by far the worst class I have ever taken at UW. Although it is a 100 level class, he treats it like it's a 300 or 400 level class. We had a 40 point midterm on week 3 which most people failed because it was WAY too difficult for a 100 level class! I also emailed him three times and he never got back to me. Super difficult class.
2.0 : Difficult to understand, even more difficult to read his handwriting. Spends most of lecture completely filling the board with equations without explaining well at all and abbreviates wayyy too many things to the point where it's extremely hard to follow.  Difficult tests. Reading the book generally helped me far more than his lectures.
2.0 : The class was geared toward high school students.  THe professor talks down to students and makes you feel as if you are in kindergarten.  I expected more at the university level.
3.0 : Prof. Wilke is super friendly and easy to talk to. Lectures mostly just reiterated the readings. Didn't learn a whole lot from the class, but ended up with a high grade with little effort. Would recommend if you want a free 3.8-4.0.
1.0 : The professor offers a stereotype a  day. The most racist teacher I have ever had, of course it is the German dept.
3.0 : Doesn't post slides online, and not everything is in the book. Didn't end up doing well because of this
1.0 : Avoid this professor if you can. What I don't like is that he never posts the slides online nor does he record the lectures. If you miss a lecture, you are either screwed or if you want to save your grade, you should read the book.  Test review sessions that were given by his TA were useless.  Avoid this professor if you can. Hated his class
1.0 : Class isn't super hard but the professor is horrible at teaching it. No resources are available other than an ok textbook. The professor doesn't respond to emails in a timely manner either. The professor is a real richard (think nickname) he also can be rude and condescending. Avoid him at all cost. One of the worst classes I've taken at UW.
1.0 : I was able to 4.0 the class but don't take this as an easy 4.0. Stuart never posts the slides online and can be a bit condescending. Didn't do too well on the first 2 tests. You need to actually know facts about the music. However, I crammed and did well on the last test and got a 4.0. But still, don't take it. It was pretty stressful.
1.0 : Take this with a grain of salt. That being said, I disdained this class because this professor. Do not be surprised for getting, literally no exaggeration, 55+ questions of homework PER week. take home quiz is VERY concept heavy,writing many paragraphs on math. If your not a math major do not take this class. speaks very fast hard to understand.
1.0 : This class was the bane of my existence. The take home quizzes due each week are extremely difficult, and take up around 15 hours to complete. Scott speaks fast in lecture and instructs as if his students already know all of the material, commonly saying "so obviously...".
1.0 : He is an awful teacher
1.0 : Too much homework providing his bad lecture skill Final exam is 10% known material and 90% other things that we have never done Average is VERY LOW
1.0 : She has an impressive resume of published work but that is not evidence that she knows how to teach. If you can avoid her class I would highly encourage you to do so. She will say one thing and do another. She doesn't keep her office hours and isn't approachable in class. She needs to take the courses I'm taking right now to learn teaching strategy
3.0 : She is very disorganized and is never clear about what she wants from the students. She doesn't post ANY grades until the day they are due so you aren't sure how you are doing in class. She makes you feel uneasy when you participate. I would take her class simply for the easy A, but I didn't get anything out of it.
1.0 : Absolute terrible teacher. She did not talk about the course material and other than reading and 15 hours of volunteer work, she assigned open ended group work. No grades are updated or even discussed until the final grade. She is disrespectful when students ask questions, and impatient when students do not discuss irrelevant material. DO NOT TAKE!
1.0 : Terrible, terrible, terrible. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. She is absolutely the worst. Never came to class prepared, never gave us any assignments except group presentations that she never explained, and NEVER spoke respectfully to students. I learned absolutely nothing and you won't either. Avoid at ALL costs.
1.0 : Bechet seems to mean well and the topic was interesting, but aside from that his course was disorganized.  Lectures contained inconsistent notation and were error-prone.  Did not stick to one book but bounced around several sporadically and diverged from book notation.  On occasion tried to bring the point home.  Very few examples. Stay away.
1.0 : The class was incredibly unorganized and had very vague expectations. Topics were redundant, very little learned, had weekly reflections with little guideline, final project same thing, they had high expectations but gave us little guide, wouldn't recommend her, would recommend the class because it is interesting, she was just a sub.
1.0 : This class was very unorganized and very redundant. She was teaching a class she had no qualifications on. She is very rude and grades unnecessarily hard. She didn't have any idea how to grade this class and if she didn't approve of a students work she would be very unprofessional and rude Students didn't like her. Don't take any class with her.
3.0 : He's the most passionate math teacher I've ever had and he understands the material very well. Lectures- eh.  Dont skip, you will do poorly as he tests on lecture and there is no video or class notes for later on in the course. midterms were fine as he provides old midterms to study that have almost the same format. His final was unreasonably hard.
2.0 : Very Passionate sure but doesn't like lecturing on anything similar to what is in the book or on the homework which he barely mentions. Questions he makes up to put on tests are random, weird and seldom easy. Good luck reading this guys mind.
1.0 : Show up the second half of class, nothing important happens beforehand. "Assigned readings" aren't part of any assignment, so there isn't any reason to do them, parrot back her opinions and you'll do fine. Check your grade at the end of the quarter, my final grade was 0.7 lower than what it should have been according to her syllabus.
1.0 : Made an appointment to meet with him, was rude and didn't want to provide an explanation for questions. Looked stressed and anxious. Unprofessional. Not student-friendly
1.0 : Does not explain material well and has too high expectations for people in class. In addition can be awkward when he speaks. Boring lectures, does not seem to have energy and seems nervous/awk which is surprising for a professor at a university like uw
2.0 : We legit had a quarter to write about transportation system in Seattle. Like come on. Out of all the topics, we choose that? Research paper on transporatation that is 5 pages long where your informations are limited is not good use of my time.
2.0 : She was a master's student when teaching my class. It felt as if she was unsure about her lectures and her grading criteria. She would say one thing in class and then say another thing individually. There was only 4-5 assignments that actually mattered and you can re-do them. I honestly didn't learn anything in that class.
1.0 : Grad student teaching. Super lecture heavy with no posted slides. Anything and everything could be on the one final exam. This class was tough because he was not specific about the test structure and did not help students study effectively for the final exam which is 30% of the whole grade. Would not recommend taking a class with him. At all.
1.0 : Very scatterbrained course. There was a online test on the second week of class, which some students dropped the class after taking that test (without using Annual Drop). You have to buy your own lab equipment for all 7 labs which are done at home (weird). Do-able but the lectures are not that great. You have to do "conference calls" in Canvas.
1.0 : He doesnt deliver the contents well. I felt my tuition is wasted. I took online Cousera NLP course later and learned a lot more.
1.0 : She does not teach using facts but her own personal experiences, which was also limited because she is more like an administrator. She has a highly privileged attitude and needs to take a diversity and equity class. She is also very unorganized and all over the place. This is not who you want to show you how to be a good teacher.
1.0 : It is Week 8 out of 11 already and she still cannot figure out how to publish our Canvas page. I don't even know if she even tries because IT help desk is always available. Since there is no Canvas page, everything has to be turned in on paper. So if she loses your piece of paper (did I mention that she's super unorganized?) then you're screwed.
2.0 : She goes through her slides very quickly. Asking her to clarify a concept is futile. She expects you to already know physics and all of calculus in an introductory course.
1.0 : I am what you would call a "good" student, but Dr. Yi's teaching was extremely difficult to follow. Her lectures communicated very little information. I learned alot from the labs and online homework. Sadly, the labs and homework covered very little of what was on the "quizzes" (more like tests). Most students failed all the quizzes. Av score(50%)
1.0 : Rating prof. based on INDE585 Systems Architecture class, a 3 credit course. Extreme amount of work using MBSE with a cumulative homework/project build in CORE. Not much time spent learning systems architecture- its more about learning the software. New professor, hard grader. Last yr most people failed but grades were curved.
1.0 : Very hard tests, 20 essay questions in 1 hour, never does extra credit
1.0 : Too hard. Tests are way to long.
2.0 : Midterms are too difficult!
1.0 : Its just hard... clickers been too heavily used and grading is too tough
1.0 : Whenever she lectures in our class, I leave more confused than I started. She doesn't provide direction to what we should be learning and doesn't give answers to clicker questions unless we ask for it. Highly, highly recommend taking this class from any other teacher.
1.0 : She tries, but lecture style is boring and unexciting. Jokes are planned and bland. High-strung and tense. Gets annoyed by any noise with 700+ students. Wastes too much time asking questions. Almost condescending and would be better teaching kindergarten. She fails to emphasize key points. Better off going for clicker points and researching later.
4.0 : Dr Dobkowski was a pretty swell teacher. Her fondness for plants is adorable and she isnt really a bad teacher. If you just be respectful as a student and dont spend all of your time talking over her then she can be a pretty great teacher. Treat her with respect and that is what you will get in return.
1.0 : If you ask me, she's the one who is not treating us with respect: we all paid our tuition and are spending 5 hours per week in her lecture, while all she wants to talk about is plants, which is not an excuse for not talking enough about other topics. I get more information from the study questions than I can ever get from her boring lectures.
2.0 : A lot of students are really really unhappy with her as a teacher. -very condescending -wastes too much time talking about things that relate to her own research and less with getting us to understand the topics (spending 5 mins to talk about why a plant is cool but then ecological and evolution topics arent explained at all) she is very fake.
1.0 : Extremely condescending and freaks out on entire class if one person is whispering. Is only passionate about plants and it shows in her lectures. I dreaded her lecture days and only wanted to come when Freeman was lecturing. She skips over slides super fast and doesnt explain anything.
4.0 : She genuinely wants students to learn! She gives very thorough explanations and goes at a good pace. Sometimes she crams in a clicker question but otherwise she is a good teacher!
1.0 : One of the most condescending teachers Ive ever had in my entire life. I very respectfully asked a question one time and she talked down to me and seemed irritated that I even asked in the first place. Also horrendous at explaining concepts. Whenever I walked in and saw she was teaching that day instead of Freeman (who was excellent) I was sad.
1.0 : Awful and condescending towards students. Treated us like we were in kindergarten. Read off all the slides like she didnt know what she was talking about ever. She backtracked on what she said sometimes. Everyone in the class lost respect for her. Should not have a career in teaching.
1.0 : I don't know why she was hired. She seems afraid to talk about race. Weird in a program so focused on racial justice. Microaggressions everywhere. If you want actual feedback on your work, you won't get it from her.
2.0 : My first impression of Tarran was that she's a very professional professor with high expectations from her students. I never thought painting could be this hard, and when I think I have finished I definitely am far from it. You think art is easy? Take this class and see for yourself. Hardest class I have ever taken at UW.
1.0 : I had to retake Philosophy because my credits didn't transfer, but man... This was a hard class for a 101. Dr. Mallik is extremely knowledgable in Philosophy, but she is not a good teacher. She is a little condescending, and she doesn't put grades on canvas, so you have no idea how you're doing. A lot of reading, lots of pop quizzes.
2.0 : Very passionate and would be a great tutor, but absolutely terrible teacher. Gives study guide focusing on writing/explaining examples, and gives out test on entire mismatching concepts. Very confusing on what needs to be done at times, very stubborn and will shun students if they disagree with her on certain issues. Overall poor communication.
1.0 : God awful. Talks in circles and when asked a question she responds with what do you think. I asked you to find clarity. Terrible instructor and even worse on canvas. You have absolutely NO idea what your grade is until the very end. That includes assignments done at the end of the quarter. I highly recommend that you NEVER take her class.
