1.0 : Took an online course with him. When I had a question with a problem and I told him which homework number it was and the problem number, he replied back with "I won't answer your question because I don't know which problem your having trouble with" So I just replied back to him never mind. So I went on youtube and figured out the problem myself.
1.0 : If you want to spend hours teaching yourself the material then be my guest. I took this class online and I've learned nothing. He told us no calculator for the exam. Also, even though this class is online, the final is in person and it is cumulative. No cheat sheet or calculator. Also, he emails you to memorize the whole semester's worth of formula
1.0 : This is my second degree. I have a 3.2 GPA. I have never failed a course in my life. It's sad to say that I will be failing this online class. If your GPA does not matter then have fun. If you don't want to fail, don't take this class with this teacher.
1.0 : Absolutely horrible professor. I thought I would feel bad bashing him like this, but I don't. Literally the most confusing, unclear lectures I've ever had with little to no effort to help students understand. Super unorganized as well, and absolutely no feedback. I'm midway through the semester and haven't gotten feedback on a single assignment.
2.0 : Doesn't know how to teach and you have to be very specific on tests. The only good thing is is that homework is pretty much a completion grade. You can skip so many problems and still get an A on the homework. But, in order to do good on the tests, you'll most likely have to go to a tutor.
1.0 : He is the worst professor I have had in my entire academic career. Flies through everything, not feedback. Can't even work on overhead projector (page doesn't fit so he moves it up and down and side to side, hand written, out of focus on the screen) He's unorganized and basically hopeless. No class control, people talking, constant distraction.
1.0 : Pretentious, lazy, and rude. Should not be teaching. I took this online and all I have to say to UWM is If I can make a bunch of boring power points and post them online may I please receive a check too? Can I make my students feel stupid for asking a question via email? "Doctor" w/e SMD
1.0 : THE WORST. Had her for an online course. Pretty sure she used year old lectures that we're extremely vague. Then she proceeded to quiz on her vague power points. The most rude, unhelpful professor I ever met, rarely answered my emails and when she did reply, never answered my questions and was incredibly condescending and rude.
2.5 : The lectures are often not backed by clear material. This instructor is pretentious and not very helpful. Shouldn't be teaching.
1.0 : Do not take this prof. She seems all nice and sweet while she is talking but as soon as you go to approach her she treats you as if you are a child and dumb. save yourself
1.0 : Awful teacher. I can honestly say this is the worst teacher I have had in college. She speaks of critical inquiry and the importance of it, yet she can not give you an answer as to what it is. Her analogies are very poor and irrelevant to whats going on in class. She answers question with a question and often times doesn't answer yours. DO NOT TAKE
1.0 : Tough Grader. I feel like she doesn't give out A's at all in this class.
1.0 : This lady was the biggest you-know-what to me, for reasons unknown. The only assignments are pieces of the ending research paper, which was nice, but if you don't get a C on the end paper, you fail the whole class (not her fault, it's policy). She made me change my topic at the last minute, after numerous meetings throughout the semester.
4.0 : If you come in to this class thinking its going to be an easy A, then you won't like it. But its college and there comes a time when you classes won't be so easy. Do the work, come to class, participate, and you do fine. She talks a lot, but its to benefit her students. Overall i think anyone is capable of passing, and do well in this class.
3.0 : You have to show up to class.  There are four pairs on literacy, nothing too hard.  Make sure you do the journals
4.0 : Bigler is a bit intimidating but only in the best way possible. She wants her students to acknowledge their ability to learn and to apply themselves in their own ways. She doesn't do a lot of hand holding, you have to figure out a lot for your own. It was a challenging, yet beneficial course. I'd recommend her to anyone who enjoys challenges!
1.0 : Awful communicator, rough grader, very late at getting back grades, changes syllabus on multiple occasions during the semester, not very clear grading criteria, lectures are pointless and reads off the powerpoints, exams are written poorly, and not very understanding.
2.0 : Grades very harshly for assignments and the instructions are pretty vague. If you have a question outside of class don't expect a quick response. She usually waits until right before class to respond which is rarely helpful
1.0 : Aimee is a not a very good professor. She is very tough on her grading and not clear on what she expects. Your issues don't matter to her and she will assume you're a liar, she barely has time to respond to any email or meet in person because she is currently working at two campuses. Overall she needs to improve her availability and communication.
1.0 : I would like to say nice things about this class but my ratings make my opinion clear.  The professor is generally unavailable and uninterested in students.
1.0 : She is a bad teacher. Class time is group presentation with little lecturing. The exams are on her lectures so you are left with no help or explanation of the material. I asked for help and she basically told me to read the material. She was apparently too busy. NEVER NEVER TAKE a class from her as she is not helpful at all.
1.0 : Ragins is an expert on mentoring. What a joke. she bullied me and insulted me. I had to take her for independent study and she used her power over me to make life hell. Stay away from ragins.
1.0 : I took this person for a graduate class. It was a terrible experience.  Ragins was demeaning to me as a person and as a student. She undermined my confidence and was a bully. Do not ever take a class from ragins. She is a terrible teacher and she is unhelpful. I asked for help on the class paper and she told me to search the internet!
1.0 : This professor's specialty is mentoring. Ha. What a joke. She is not a mentor. She is not helpful. She is not supportive. She is not inspirational. She is not a role model. She is not an easy person to work with. She is the worst, the worst professor I have ever met. She has graduated 1 phd student in 15 years. She emotionally beats you down.
1.0 : She's a a bad professor. Most of the class time is taken up with student projects, she seldom lectures and the exams are on "lecture" material which she does not cover. She does not answer emails or attend office hours. If you are trying to get a decent grade you don't get any help from Ragins. Save yourself - take a different class.
3.0 : Simple class that doesn't need to last as long as it does, so she ends up filling class time with activities and videos. Grade is dependent on: attendance, 2 short essays, term paper, group project, and 2 exams (none are difficult). Ragins encourages discussion, but likes to have her own beliefs affirmed. Don't bother with the book/readings pack.
1.0 : Do not ever take this professor for anythings. I took an independent study with Dr. Ragins.  I do not feel I can say more. If you cross her there are problems.
5.0 : She's a great professor, understanding, caring and the class is very inspirational. However, when it comes to exams, you're on your own. Lectures are rarely covered because of group projects and other in class activities, which are useful, but won't help when it comes to exams.
1.0 : Ragins is a bad professor. Bad at lectures. Bad at explaining. Does not listen. Does not show up for posted office hours. She is a hyper demanding perfectionist who is not willing to help students.
1.0 : Dalia Gomaa is probably the worst teacher I've had. She gave vague instructions for our midterm paper and then told us we didn't do what she wanted and made most of the class rewrite it. She's very hard to understand (thick accent) and is vague when giving instructions or asking questions and will treat you like you're dumb if you don't understand.
3.0 : she is a dedicated instructor, really passionate about the subject. she gives you the chance to rewrite your midterm essay if you don't pass.  she is also very knowledgeable.
1.0 : I am now a senior and took her my sophomore year. This professor is so bad that I still remember her awful she was and decided to leave a rating. She's a witch. She's very rude and negative.  She makes you feel like an idiot, esp when asked for YOUR opinion. Take anyone else, take her as your last resort. If you're not lucky, just pray you'll pass!
1.0 : I would need 1,000 characters to describe the level of discontent I had with this instructor. She gave me a B- in the class due to the "lack of effort" she thought I exhibited at my volunteer location. She compared my experience to another student and said mine should've been the same to theirs, therefore I must've done something wrong. B- it is...
1.0 : Asks very vague questions, yells at you if you get her questions wrong even if you are trying, does not make the class enjoyable, and puts you down leaving you very discouraged.
4.0 : This class focuses on guided discussion rather than lecture. You can get away with not doing the assigned readings, but I wouldn't recommend it because she does call people out! Participation is key to getting on her good side. She is helpful as long as you go to her for clarification. Don't be intimidated by her serious demeanor!
1.5 : Gomaa is a cool person, outside of the classroom, that is. She expects a lot from her students, yet she does not give clear guidelines, she is vague, and if she does not agree with you, she will make you feel bad. It is one of those classes that you are almost afraid to participate and try.  But, this class is not that hard. I don't regret taking.
1.5 : I suggest you strategically adopt her standpoint on topics, for she has 0 tolerance for different opinions. This aside, she knows her materials. Alas, she seems to have negative attitudes towards everything, not critical, just negative. No charisma either. BUTto get an A, do as she wants in the manner she wants you. Keep your opinions to yourself.
1.0 : WORST TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD! AVOID AT ALL COST! She is very rude and enjoys making students feel stupid. She will ask for your opinions and ideas and totally shoot you down. She will not tolerate anyone questioning her beliefs... She's small-minded. On top of that, she is hard to understand and is VERY unclear with her directions.
1.0 : Worst class and also worst prof I have ever had. Luckily I passed but I would never take her again. This seems like it could be an interesting class with another prof so if you have that chance take it but just be smart and don't take it with her. My best advice if you have to take her is pretend you really like her or are interested. AVOID.
1.5 : Not a good class. Test averages were REALLY bad. She makes the class way too much about Milwaukee and not US history. Tests are really hard This did not feel like a 100 level course at all. If u are intrested in US history take a different course or maybe a different professor. Attendance is huge, can't miss more than a couple classses, you'll fail
1.5 : She wasn't a very pleasant person to work with.
1.0 : There are professors who want to see you succeed and learn, she is not one of them. The topic and information in lecture is interesting but the grading criteria and discussion requirements are not clear. Be prepared for a rough start and lots of surprises if you have to take this course.
1.0 : Grading criteria and discussion requirements are not clear. Be prepared to have to teach yourself. Lectures are long and confusing. She has powerpoint slides in lecture but does not follow them. Rambles on about differents topic in history. VERY difficult to follow... I would not recommend unless you have no choice.
1.0 : Worst professor ever!!! She doesn't help her students and for a freshman course it seems like a senior course. The readings are interesting but her teaching is so horrible . Most teachers want you to succeed she isn't one of them, on the contrary, she takes points off for any small detail.
1.0 : Hands down the worse teacher I've ever had ever. For a 100 level course, you would've thought you were in a class designed for a Rhodes scholar. I followed every direction for the weekly writing assignments to a T, and never got over a 75% (and I'm a journalism/english major). Absolutely avoid at ALL costs, doesn't help students just ridicules them
1.0 : Followed all the directions for weekly discussion posts, and barely received B's. The grading system doesn't make sense (structure of discussion posts weighed more heavily than actual content). Learned more in discussion than in actual lecture. She treated this class as if it was a 300+ level class when it's only 100. Avoid at all costs!
1.0 : She's the worst professor I have ever had. Don't expect to feel good about yourself or your opinion because it's probably wrong. And assignments? Forget about feeling like you're a good writer. Do not take this class with her if you like your GPA.
1.0 : I have taken many hard 200+ level courses and took this class to satisfy a history GER. Hardest class I have ever taken. Discussion posts were graded more on format vs. content (this is a history class not English). The average for the first test was a D; the tests were hard. I learned more in discussion or reading myself than lecture.
5.0 : An excellent teacher, treats students respectfully and fair. I learned more history in this class than in all my other classes combined.
5.0 : Great teacher. I loved the class because she made history fun. Great sense of humor adds to the class. I plan to take as many of her classes as possible.
1.0 : This class was such a joke. Lectures were boring and not helpful, tests were hard, and the grading system didn't make any sense. The average for the first test was a 62 and the averages didn't improve much for other tests. I took this for a GER credit and regret it. It was way too hard for being a 100 level course, and it didn't need to be hard.
1.0 : Terrible grading standards.
1.0 : Attending lecture isn't mandatory but attending discussion is (and you get points for participating in discussion). Weekly discussion posts are graded unfairly (structure is graded more than actual content). Tests are hard (average for the first test was a 62). Took this class for an easy history GER and regret it. Don't take this class.
1.0 : I got lower than a C+ but I still passed the class. Her grading scale is confusing and not fair. Each week when we had an online assignment due, they were looking for something specific that weighed more in a category than the other. It did not help us that she did not let us know what she was looking for, same goes for the TAs.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!! Grading system is very unfair and never fully explained. Test averages were very low and the tests were very hard. Way too hard of a class for being a 100 level course.
1.0 : Professor McBride was undoubtedly one of the worst professors I have ever had. It would seem on the surface that she has an idea of what she is teaching, but be prepared for a leftist spin on things. Many times there were pro-socialist, gender politics, and leftist undertones slipped into the lessons. To say she is terrible is an understatement.
1.5 : Professor McBride seems to take enjoyment in humiliating students while hiding behind her computer screen.  She makes condescending remarks in her responses to some students while praising others.  She seems to grade unfairly and her treatment of students made it very difficult to want to post assignments, knowing everyone could see her responses.
1.0 : She grades super harshly and unfairly.  More than half of the class got a 50% or lower on a paper.  She is a horrible teacher overall.  She does not teach as if it is a 100 level class.  I am normally an A or B student and I will be lucky to get a C in this class.
1.5 : Seriously impatient, rude and unhelpful.  DO NOT take this class.  I have a learning disability that makes math difficult and he has repeatedly made me feel terrible for asking questions.
2.5 : He does a great job at explaining the material. However, he is impatient and often rude. He makes condescending remarks to honest questions and makes students feel bad/dumb. There were a few occasions in which the entire class would gasp from his reaction to honest questions.
1.0 : I only relied on the textbook to learn as during lecture he often got the wrong answer and is very difficult to understand, making the students confused.  Yet, he gets aggravated by questions, very unhelpful and rude.  Also, by discussing student grades in front of other students he was unprofessional.  I recommend a different professor for stats.
1.0 : He was downright awful. Took an online class with him, not too sure why we needed him since he just sent us to do the online quizzes and did not communicate with the students after the second week.
3.5 : Cool guy that is a little hard to understand, but not too difficult.  Pretty fair tests that was very similar to the homework.
2.0 : Very nice guy, very different to understand. In addition, most of the class you are trying to learn the subject on your own.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever seen. Very dedicated, passionate about Linguistics. Makes you think and love Linguistics. He knows A LOT about the field.
1.0 : Everything that he teaches is straight out of the textbook, his exams always covered things that were barely covered in class and sometimes only vaguely mentioned in the book
2.0 : Professor Carter needs to take some Public Speaking classes here at UWM, because he is a poor orator. His bad speaking skills make it hard to focus in class. The quizzes  weren't bad at all, and there was only one paper. Really, the only thing that was bad were the lectures and trying to pay attention. Take this course with a few friends, &amp; pass!
4.5 : Professor Carter was always upbeat and enthusiastic about his lecture. His slideshows and lectures are very concise. There is a lot of reading, but it is all meaningful and used throughout the course. He doesn't give "busy work." He is very friendly and understanding. His speaking skills are not very strong, however.
1.0 : Social Justice Warrior. Heart's in the right place... Head is not.
1.0 : This professor is easily the worst professor I have ever had. Skip class and you will pass. His lectures are nonsense and he doesn't cover much more than what's in the book. It's really hard to learn anything when your professor doesn't teach it.
1.0 : Learned nothing from his lectures. I learned more from my TA in one discussion class then I ever have in any lecture. Organization is not good.
1.0 : Dr. Carter's poor speaking skills made this class unbearable. He says "umm" way too many times to the point that you cannot concerntrate anymore. The exams are difficult because they rarely go over what he says in lecture and readings, only the online homework system which is also a terrible system.
2.0 : His speaking skills destroy his ability to be an effective professor. It's not personal, but one should have average or better than average public speaking ability if they are a professor. He contradicts himself in class and frequently trails off in sentences. I once counted how many times he said "Umm" in a 50 minute lecture, 195 times.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! He is an awful lecturer, doesn't take time to answer questions when you ask in class, and the TAs were of no help. No matter how hard I studied, I never got the higher grade that I was seeking. Save yourself the stress and get a different professor if you really want to take this class.
1.0 : Boring, reads straight off outlines, unorganized, not motivational, and seems like he is not knowledgeable about subject. Discussion section is where you will find all the information for passing the class. Patrick, our TA, was helpful and clear.
1.0 : He has horrible public speaking skills and has a lack of knowledge pertaining to the course.
1.0 : I wish I would have stumbled across this website before taking a class from this prof.. Worst lecture hall that I've ever been in. Lectures were dry and did not help one bit. They also only consisted of a few bullet-points here and there that had no relation to the test. Inquizitive is also a very dumb way of doing homework. First exam was horrid!
1.0 : Terrible professor. Worst instructor I've ever had. His lecture lacked constant flow and went over practically nothing. The reading were very boring and he just overall is a terrible professor he shouldn't have the job in all honesty.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've had at UWM. He stands up in front of lecture with an outline from the textbooks website and rambles off. Rarely uses powerpoint for notes. First exam was so bad everyone got a 25 point curve. No study guides for exams either. Patrick (TA) was great! I learned more in my discussion than lecture!
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS, I HAVE BEEN TO 3 DIFFERNT COLLEGES AND THIS IS MY WORST PROFESSOR.
2.0 : She's very knowledgeable on the subject of Pilates no doubt. However, she is arguably the rudest teacher I have ever had. She was so bossy in class and had a bad attitude 100% of the time. I would say that she expects a little too much of her students, especially for a course that is worth only one credit. I DO NOT recommend her for Pilates.
2.0 : Doesn't really lecture, doesn't participate in weekly discussions as well as she could and her comments back to students are sometimes belittling.
1.0 : He speaks English like an elementary school student.  80% of class students got below B+  The only way you can get an "A" in the class is cheating.
1.0 : Terrible teacher, you can't understand anything he says and he doesn't explain anything either. He just rambles on about random things and then asks the same questions over and over. I would never recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : In my point of view, he is awesome. I got really very good grade. I like this professor. His  way of teaching is also very effective.
1.0 : Worst teacher I've had in my entire life!!!!!
1.0 : I am a good student, I have a GPA of 3.9 but this class will bring it down significantly. I would NOT recommend this class as I am barely going to pass. His answers are completely different from the same questions in the book. If you want to learn, just read the book.
1.0 : Dev didn't seem to be a good speaker. He avoids difficult examples and the exam is full of them. The exams are designed to tough and unrelated to the class lectures. His accent is humorous - he talks like stunted professor.
1.5 : Guys, I took this prof's 305 Lecture long Year ago,.. No Kidding.. I had to record the lecture because I did not follow a crap.. and then for 3 day before the test  I replayed &amp;   listened .. OH boy :-)  ... I woke up with his accent.. "&amp; YOU ALL-LADY KNOW ZIS"...I shall ever recommend recording this Prof's lectures.. He is a live  entertainment!!
1.0 : Exam and Homework are totally different. Tough Grader and his lectures are boring as hell. I would not take his classes if i have to learn something.
2.0 : He gives you all the assignments in short descriptions on the syllabus, and that's about the last you'll hear from him. He rarely gives you feedback that's more than two sentences. My biggest problem is that there is no actual teaching going on. For a class that claims to be the introduction to screenplay, there is no introducing of anything.
1.0 : White is an awful instructor that offers little to no help/feedback despite the course being entirely online while he critiques all of your writing like a movie reviewer. Sarcastic and condescending at times, White acts as if you should already have learned the material before taking his INTRO course and offers no guidance or lectures. 0/10
1.0 : Most of the learning in this class was from Google, very little was taught, and he expected us to already know the stuff we signed up to to learn. He was very aggressive and unhelpful with his emails, and didn't really give us any information about assignments. Overall, l ended up regretting l took this course within a few weeks of it starting.
1.5 : We write one short script per week. Barely get any feedback and it's not specific at all. He literally copy and pasted the same advice from student to student one time.  It's extremely frustrating. I would not recommend this class. It will destroy your interest in writing scripts. You're better off learning how to write scripts on your own time.
1.0 : Taking his class was the biggest mistake I have made in college. At one point, Mr. White outright accused me of lying. His critiques are similar for nearly every student and very generic. At one point he emailed me the dictionary definition of the word obsession as a way of telling me my main character wasn't obsessed enough for the assignment.
1.0 : I have nothing positive to say about Iverson White, he's lazy and sad. A class on writing revolves around critic and will give you no helpful critic on your writing. At some point during the course you will see some of his own work and realize out of all the students in the course he's the worst writer and least creative. Please avoid if you can.
1.0 : Iverson White is a flat out bad professor. He doesn't actually give you any feedback that is helpful. Everything is generic, and he expects students to come into the class already knowing how to write a screenplay. Terrible experience.
1.0 : I have avoided taking a class with him because of how bad he is as a Graduate School liaison. He is terribly about returning emails, is terse, rude, and often incorrect when he does and makes it the student's problem when he neglects to follow through with important processes. Work around him and through other professors wherever you can.
1.0 : He is really hard to understand and a though grader
2.0 : Professor Hinow struggles to explain concepts beyond regurgitating the text book verbatim. He seems like a nice enough guy, but he has a poor grasp of how to command a classroom. Lectures consist of lengthy notes and confusing notation he neglects to explain beforehand. Exams are hit or miss, and comprise a large part of the total grade.
1.0 : Do NOT take him if at all avoidable. Doesn't answer e-mails or help outside of class at all. He is SO disorganized and generally apathetc to the students needs. If you can't teach yourself with the book, don't take the class. Don't expect to get ANY work back before the exam. Exams took 2 weeks to be returned. Often made mistakes in grading too.
1.0 : The most unqualified, terrible, unorganized teacher that I've ever experienced before. the class was online ( which not what i signed up for, they switch it from Hybrid to 100%online class) , teacher didn't have office hours and every time you set  up a date with him  he starts rushing you.
1.0 : Don't take this class! My grade went from an A to a B- from his mis-guiding information about what would be on the exam. He also doesn't respond to most emails! It would be best to take a different business elective course.
1.5 : If I had chance to choose a different teacher, I would.
2.0 : I understand that Atish is the head of the ITM program so I get that he's got a lot on his plate. That being said, it seems the hybrid format of the course benefits him more than the students.  Lab sessions which occur about every other week he doesn't even show up and no one knows what is going on. I feel like I missed out big on this class.
1.0 : Worst professor ever, never provides feedback ever. No communication whatsoever.
1.0 : She didn't let us know what books we needed until the first day of class. She gave us the syllabus as class went along and we were always behind schedule. She likes to talk a lot, and forgets to give any breaks in her 2 hr 40 min class. We had two finals: a paperproject and an exam. We didn't really go into depth enough with any of the works read.
2.5 : Her class is enjoyable. She has a lot of insight and knowledge. Her class was loosely structured which allowed room for things to change to fit the pace of the students.
3.0 : Avoid. Good guy but lacks enthusiasm and effort in teaching. Many questions were left unanswered. He did try to make it clear what questions were going to be on exams though. So that was nice. But other than that it was hard to keep up with the class unless you read the book by yourself ahead of time. He copies all of his notes from the book.
1.0 : horrible teacher. no personality. copies the textbook directly onto the chalkboard
1.0 : such a tough grader. she isn't clear about what she expects so when you do the work you end up getting bad grades. she bases your final grade off of like 4 or 5 things. i tried to get help in her class by using office hours but she only had them for one day, two hours long. (taking place right after class) and wasn't very willing to work w me
1.0 : Probably this the ugliest class I ever experienced it in my life. She is rude,  the lectures are boring and long. There's no interesting what so ever.
1.0 : This professor is selfcentered and only cares about herself and her research.  She finds the students a bother and a waste of her time.  She does not value student input or opinions.  The class is her way or the hi way.   I would not use her to train a dog!
1.0 : i wont take her classes again. very tough grader and not very nice
1.5 : One wordRUDE. She will make you feel like you're dumb if you answer her "discussion" questions, not to mention she wil probably cut you off anyways. If you come to class but dont participate she will take MAJOR points off. She thinks she is the smartest person alive, and constantly talks about herself. I would NOT recomend taking a class with her.
2.0 : Her discussions consist of her talking at you and then making you feel bad if you dont answer a question right. If your phone goes off or you leavecome in during disscussion she will make it a point to emabarass you. She always says things like "well not to be condescending but" You have to read for every class and take A LOT of nots during class
1.0 : one of the worst professors ive had throughout my college career. she is a VERY strict grader. if your work isn't worth an A, it automatically gets dropped down to a C or F. theres no in between. her exams are extremely hard and you get 50 questions to answer in 50 minutes.
1.5 : Professor focuses on cases from the syllabus and hardly what is discussed in her weekly discussion posts. Explanations are vague, class consists of 2 exams being 50 questions and only 50 minuets. I was very disappointed with the way the course was structured and the grading over all.
1.0 : Probably, the worst English teacher I've ever had. Wasted a lot of time, doing things in class that didn't really help with the research essay at all. And i still cant connect the activities we did in class to our research essays due at the end of semester. Oh and she grades on homework.
3.5 : I liked her. A lot of students didn't like her because they are the students who didn't  listen and talk the whole time in class. If you listen to everything that she says, you will be fine. She is very organized and always has an agenda for the class. She also emails back  pretty quickly.
1.0 : Worst class I've ever taken with the worse professor. She was mean, unorganized, and had the stupidest assignments. Everyday she would have DIFFICULT reading 50 pagers then quizzes about the smallest details like what was the vegetable in the uncles garden.
1.0 : She is an absolutely horrible professor, especially when you are in your first semester of college. She did little to teach or help our class and overall she was very lazy. She would often have us get into peer review groups to go over papers which did not help at all when writing college level papers.
1.0 : Her homework had very little to do with the class.  She would stare at us when she knew we had no idea what we were doing, then let us go early.  As a regular teacher i'm sure she would be fine, but as a passfail class I would not recommend wasting $800 on her.
2.0 : I took this class as requisite for my major in applied science.  The writing style that is used in my field is strictly based on evidence and fact.  This teacher assigns writing topics based on his political views and personal interest.  The instructions are vague and confusing.  I learned more about sociology and Louisiana than about writing.
3.0 : Cordova does not refer to the notes often when it comes to quizzes and tests. She usually has all her quizzes and tests online which makes them a little easier, but she will never give feedback on the quizzes or tests.  Strict grader on participation and discussion. Course load was not too bad and course topics are very easy.
1.0 : Absolutely horrible
1.0 : She is unclear and changes the syllabus far too frequently, making it hard to understand what she wants from students. She had us summarize the novels that we read, and I made the mistake of including some analysis. She made me rewrite the summaries without analysis. This is a literature class, so I thought that some analysis would be appreciated.
1.0 : Probably the worst professor here. Over half of what is taught in class isn't on the quiz. It is extremely hard to get an A in this class the best you can most likely get is a B+ if she's being generous. You don't just get points for showing up, if you want at least a C for attendance you need to talk a lot during class, but will also be shushed.
1.0 : This is the most lazy, unspecific,disrespectful biased professor that I have ever taken any class with at the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee. Due dates on syllabus doesn't match D2l dropbox or the handout of assigned due dates. He is an extremely hard grader!!!! I can truly say that I feel I wasted my time, money and effort taking  this class!!!
1.0 : This was the worst professor I ever had. He was extremely pretentious and unhelpful in every way possible. He doesn't respond to emails and if he does, doesn't answer the question ask. DO NOT TAKE HIM YOU WILL REGRET IT!
3.0 : He is a very tough grader. He will help you some, but ultimately it is up to you to give the speech to get the grade. He will work with you on some things for making up assignments as long as you don't take advantage of it. Go to class and you should do fine.
1.0 : Did not reply to emails, vague responses when he did. Mostly busy work. Online class had you meet with other students despite schedule difficulty. Avoid this professor
1.0 : I honestly don't know my grade yet or where I stand in this class because he never puts in grades. I e-mailed him on numerous occasions and he never responds back. People always ask him questions and he never replies. I would avoid this professor at all costs for the lack of communication and busy work that's pointless.
1.0 : Worst professor I have ever had by far. Extemely pretentious, condescending &amp; rude. I have not heard him say anything positive regarding constructive critiscm. Spends the entire class going on rants that have no relationship to the course material. Although he is vague and does a horrible job teaching the material, he is a tough grader. Avoid him.
1.0 : She is very vague about any assignments and literally tries to trick her students on quizzes. I would definitely not recommend taking any class with this professor. Not a good lecturer and also has an attitude when questions are asked. On the day of the exam, she got mad at students whenever questions were asked.  AVOID.
1.0 : Terrible Instructor. Instructions on programming assignments were unclear while it's obvious due to grammatical errors the assignment descriptions were not even proofread. This was a hybrid course, meaning half online, half in-class. We met twice per month and during these periods McRoy contributed close to nothing to my understanding of material.
3.5 : Even through the heavy workload of this class seems daunting, it actually does a great job of supplementing the class, and Law uses his lecture time to give the students the understanding they need to pass his tests and quizzes. Getting past the accent and somewhat convoluted diagrams will reveal a very through teaching method that worked for me.
1.0 : Absolutely horrible!
2.0 : Law means well but has a hard time getting the material into his student's heads.  His tests aren't too hard if you just do the practice exams that he gives.  He's really hard to understand and the only reason I went to his lectures is to do the in class assignments every day.  I would try to avoid him if I had to take this class again.
1.0 : Law is extremely disrespectful to his students. He refuses to accept that there are other methods of solving problems other than his own. A previous professor told me the reason that he does all of the problem using memorization methods is simply because Law is not that smart. He violated numerous university policies but was let off the hook.
1.0 : AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!! His accent is thick but that wasn't a problem for me. He has no clue how to teach. During his lectures he constantly jumps in between 4-5 different screens that are all gibberish and skip too many steps. He gives out an extremely high work load for the course. If you have to take his class you're going to teach yourself.
2.0 : Lectures are confusing and unorganized, though his accent is understandable after awhile. To do well in his class, you will have to find a way to teach yourself the course. If you ask for help, he will do his best to work with you. Every week there are two quizzes and two homework assignments due. Unless you are very confident with math, avoid.
4.5 : Expect to work for your grade: 2 quizzes( 1 short, 1 long), 1 on paper hw, 1 online hw, and 2 in class assignments per week. Make sure to do well on the first 3 exams so you can drop half the final - it's brutal. Overall, a really helpful guy who will take the time to remember and help those who put in effort.
1.0 : Not a god teacher. basically learn yourself
5.0 : He gave us a lot of extra credit.
1.0 : 2 quiz's a week, two homework assignments a week, plus 2 in class homework's a week, yes,,, that is 6 tasks due every week. In other words, there is A LOT of work. However, Dr Law always offers extra credit with EVERY assignment and EVERY exam (if you find time to do them). Asides from the work load, he does a horrible job explaining things. AVOID!
1.0 : I don't normally review professors, but something has to be said this time.  The concepts in this class are relatively simple, yet he is unable to present the information in a clear way. Very bad at giving students assistance in homework and will make you feel bad for attempting to ask him a question, as stated before. Please do your best to avoid.
3.5 : The class I took was a flip class, where students teach themselves from narrated lectures and examples, then reinforced in lecture. If students don't like that, that's on them. It was clearly stated in the description. Dr. Law had good mastery of course material, but wasn't always clear. Class had LOTS of work and very complex material . HARD TESTS
2.0 : Lectures are terrible but he makes up for it with online resources.
2.0 : He is available for your questions, through emails or at his office, but he just cant teach. he has a very thick accent barley understandable.  and besides the impossible to do load of work (which will take all your time)  his exams are tough, but always with bonus question. avoid him if you can !!
1.5 : This class is one of the hardest classes i have ever had to take and im good at math and science:( She doesnt know how to teach, just shows it on the board and doesnt understand that we dont already know it. The only way to pass the class is to go to her office hours for homework help. The class average on the midterm was only 50% but its curved
3.0 : Tough class, tough professor. Utilize office hours and make sure to study for the exams by re-doing problem sets.
1.0 : I wish I could afford to drop this. Prof Patch does not explain things well, and the textbooks (she suggested a list of 8) only serve to confuse. She assigns 20-30 problems per homework and grades 8 at random. Class ave for hmwk and exam are below 50%. In her office she doesn't help. Hopefully I'll get a C with the curve. AVOID!!
2.0 : Tammy is a very kind person, however, learning from her is very difficult.  She's very much a "make it up as I go along" kind of instructor and has issue following the course as depicted by the syllabus.  Towards the end of our class we were several weeks behind.  Also, she tends to go off-topic quite often which can be ve confusing!
2.0 : Tammy is all over the place and very unorganized. In one semester, she was over 30 minutes late to class THREE times (one of those times we had an exam!) She tries hard to help the class understand, but fails in doing so. She rarely gives clear instructions, due dates, and expectations. Exams are easy, but you must practice signing on your own.
2.0 : Terrible ASL 3 professor. Never clarified instructions, would often try and joke with students but did it in a rude way. Only would go over new material once and then you're left on your own. Played unnecessary games and went over very unnecessary information. Would often cancel class with only a 20 minutes notice. Got an A, but worked for it.
1.0 : Very unclear with lectures day to day. Get's frustrated with the class when things are unclear to most students. Will not respond to emails and doesn't give you a chance explain yourself. Nice person, not a good teacher at all.
1.0 : Has an irrational hatred of minority students. If you're a student of color, don't take her course. She enjoys singling out nonwhite students for ridicule (ridiculing their work in front of the class; making fun of them in ASL in front of the class etc). She does this only to nonwhite students. Has a problem responding to course related email also.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I've had at UWM. Very inaccessible. Requests students not to email her and doesn't appear to check emails, ever. Just a genuinely bad person. Multiple times she's marked me absent while looking straight at me-- it's November! There are plenty of kind, capable ASL professors at uwm, don't do this to yourself.
1.0 : Doesn't respond to emails, not clear with grading or homework, and definitely gets distracted and goes off topic. I enjoy sign language but I feel that I would have enjoyed the class more if it were with someone else.
1.0 : Tammy is a nice person but awful teacher.  She really needs to find a different profession.  She does not have the ability to make her teaching method clear to class.  She constantly mixes up assignments and other important communications she gives with other classes.  Stay away from her classes!
1.0 : Not accommodating for students that need extra help, very unorganized, doesn't respond to emails. Gets confused with her own instructions. Knows what she's talking about some of the time but definitely not a good teacher.
1.0 : I have never struggled so much in a class before. The material you learn in class is far different than what you see on the exams.
1.0 : He is not helpful at all. he doesn't know Stats. He doesn't specialize in math at all. If it's for a math class, don't take him. it's not his speciality.
2.5 : These reviews scared me before taking this class because he was the only option and this is required for psych majors. Honestly, you can pass. He's a nice guy but but you won't learn much in lecture. TAs and SI are a must (Take Mike as a TA). It's hard, but not impossible. You will have to work to do well. Don't put it off because of these reviews.
1.0 : Not a very interesting guy. Just reads off of Powerpoint slides. The TAs do a better job of teaching. You can try to teach yourself the material, which somewhat helps, but good luck on the exams. They're worth the majority of your grade and they're confusing and not straightforward. Don't bother taking this class from him. Or any class from him.
1.0 : He ABSOLUTELY doesn't even know what he's taking about. The TA's did more teaching then him. He reads right off the power points and doesn't help with any questions. Exams are so far fetched from the homework. Do not take a class that he teaches.
1.0 : She is not a good teacher. Assigns a lot of homework and isn't helpful to the students. For being in a lower math class I would have expected her to help students who were struggling or just needed a little help but she wasn't helpful or friendly whatsoever. She made the class seem longer than it already was...
1.5 : Gernant expects long explanations on tests. For example, if you can do a problem in your head, she will not accept that and makes you explain everything. With ALEKS in place, she doesn't seem to know what she's talking about in regards to ALEKS.
3.0 : She is a good teacher. The only downfall is that she kind of talks to herself and starts rambling.
1.0 : He's knowledgeable but not a good professor. Irrelevant project work!
1.0 : Overall she was a very bad teacher. Her study guides did not follow up with what was on the exam. The teacher made it difficult to answer questions in the class because she would act like the class should already know anything. If the question asked seemed to easy she would make a rude remark or a joke.
1.0 : Overall a terrible teacher. Most of the time what was on the study guides was not on the tests. She was very close minded and when students asked questions in class that seemed to easy to her she would be rude about it or have sly remark. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
1.0 : Worst "instructor" on campus hands down. Do yourself a favor and take someone else.
1.0 : Let me start this review by saying that I have never left a review on anyone or anything before. This is how strongly I feel about Rakesh. DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASSES WITH HIM! Listen to everyone else here. He will take off points for absolutely no reason, and is extremely rude to every student. He is very easily the worst "professor" I've ever had.
1.5 : I read the ratings on This professor before I took the class. I should have listened but unfortunately he was the only one who fit in the Schedule. Long story short you have a ton of readings for class, a Quiz every class, lecture which is mostly a discussion of how do you feel about(...) or according to what Joe said do you agree or disagree(..)
1.0 : Very little clear directions given. He expects students to figure out things that aren't obvious if you aren't already a pro. Most feedback and instruction comes from other classmates. He can also be rude.
1.0 : Professor Babu is the worst teacher I have had in the 4 years I have been enrolled in the UW System.  Not only does he seem to not care about the student's grade in the class, he is inconsistent with downgrading the student as well as his reasoning behind marking points off.  Anyone but him and you will be happy.  He made me think about quitting.
2.0 : Worst professor so far, unreasonable when grading, takes points off without explanation, expects discussion posts to be read as a rubric for assignments.  Very rude when asking for help and explanations.
2.5 : Structure of class is not original, quiz first, then a discussion (not a lecture) and then  an hour to work on an assignment with a group. You have to ask a lot for clarity on assignments at first, but overall a very interesting class. He is very skilled in the user interface field, so its extremely interesting.
1.0 : Beware! Take anybody but this professor. Not willing to help at all if you're struggling. Expects you to be an expert in SQL and if you're not good luck! Must rely on other students for help via discussion board. Very condescending and rude. Not a fair grader and deducts points without reason. PLEASE!!! Do yourself a favor and take someone else!
5.0 : Learn the basics and be active in discussion.  Easy homework assignments.
1.0 : Qian does not have office hours, does not have any online lectures. There was no teaching involved in this course.   Aleks will be the death of you.  Good luck.
1.0 : She knows what she's talking about but she hardly explains it. If you don't ask questions she will never go over that topic again. She is very hard to understand and when I emailed her she did not help me at all. Get a tutor or find a different teacher. You MUST read the book, she doesn't have powerpoints/online notes.
1.0 : She does not help you at all. When you ask for her help, she says that you must look back at your notes. She is very difficult to understand. Had to teach myself basically and ended up failing. I got an A in the class previous to this...
3.5 : She teaches quickly and that takes a while to get used to, but to be honest, if you do your online homework and make sure to review concepts you don't get, you'll be fine. Do the exam study guides; LISTEN to the explanations in review. She's a little tough to understand sometimes, and there are endless worksheets, but she's not a bad teacher at all
4.0 : Very knowledgeable professor.  Knows the topics like the back of his hand.  Excited to teach and throws a lot of information at students.  Expects a lot out of his students, but is a very reasonable grader if you participate and show an interest in actually learning material.
1.0 : Professor Ross is a pathetic excuse for a professor. First of all, he is condescending and does not actually teach, rather he makes us watch podcasts. Second, his research is garbage. Really poor hire. Yet he acts as if he is an intellectual when his research is mediocre at best. UWM has a great business school with the exception of Dr. Ross.
1.0 : Not a good teacher! I had him for internet marketing, he reads straight from the slides during class. He put "homework" on the syllabus but no due dates. Our class had to continually ask him and remind him to announce when it was due. He also hasn't graded homework from January....it's May.
1.0 : Agree with previous comments; terrible teacher. He's an insanely slow grader, so you never know where you stand in the class. Reads off of the slides and expects you to instantly understand the material. Assignments and projects add nothing to the class and leave you guessing more than anything. Also crams too many topics into only 2 exams.
1.0 : This class was a huge disappointment. There's a huge group project and the requirements are blurry. He never gives you feedback on it even though you work on it all semester. I asked for feedback and he sent back an email that said, and I quote "satisfactory". He's not very clear about his expectations. Terribly flawed curriculum.
1.0 : Very bad teacher! Not helpful
2.0 : Tests were EXTREMELY difficult. Huang was hard to understand, and spoke very fast. When asked to slow down,he would tell you to look online. To do the best in his class,you have to read his slides and the online book, all the while doing Excel/Access projects. Better 1v1 rather than a lecture. Not the best professor, but is nice.
1.0 : he is a worst professor in this world!!!!!!!!!!!!
1.0 : His lecture style makes it seem like her expects everyone to have his knowledge already.  Participation is based off of quizzes he randomly gives out and you can still get a 0. If you are not already familiar with computers you will struggle. Reviews are useless. Every test has a serve curve. A "B" in this class would be something to brag about.
2.0 : Took this class online, yet all exams were on campus. Found this out after the semester started. Excel/Access portion was very easy and a good grade booster. Quizzes were on random days and times and if you didnt watch for them, they're easy to miss (I did). Exams were very difficult, and seemed intentionally so. Do NOT rely on slides/notes alone!
1.0 : Professor Huang has made this Business 230 class extremely difficult. When it comes to lecture he does not know when to slow down and actually explain the said topics. Just keeps going and going and going. When it is time for exams, the reviews are laughable along with the study guide which is just a condensed version of the powerpoint. Enjoy it..
2.0 : Bus230 has been one of the hardest classes ever. He is very hard to understand and does not know when to slow down. The tests are extremely difficult. Not only do the test cover the power points, but it also it stuff from the book and the review. Its an insane amount of reading. Cant wait for it to be over.. Def. read the book and study.
1.0 : Nic was not a very good professor. Could never understand him and would speak to fast without going into detail about certain things. The only thing that will save you is the Excel and Access modules to help boost your grades otherwise the tests are super difficult. Have fun reading chapters online if you want to get a good grade.
1.0 : I regret ever taking this class. Arrogant individual who can't stop going off on tangents on decommissioning nuclear power plants.  Have to ask irrelevant/stupid questions for 15% of your grade. Waist of class time, since he has to rush through material because people want their points. Been though three schools here, worst teacher by far.
1.5 : Arrogant and very unclear. Makes you participate in class for 15% of final grade. But if you answer in class, he belittles you and makes you feel stupid. One midterm &amp; one final. Says he makes them difficult and they sure are. Curves nicely. Three homeworks that must be done in groups and take time. Never responded to my emails about needing help.
1.0 : Extremely condescending and rude during group presentations. Does not enter any grades except one exam till the final week of classes even if you present within the first month so you have no idea how you're doing. Don't bother emailing him asking for help cause you won't get any.
1.5 : Extremely arrogant professor just as all the other reviews say. Does not respond to emails, does not update grades, does not do anything!!! All he does is go over the class period and makes you stay while he rushes. Such a shame he was the only professor teaching this course, do NOT take him!! Save yourself while there's time.
1.0 : Worst Professor I've had in three different colleges. His presentations are impossible to follow. He puts paragraphs on his PPTs and then goes on tangents about completely unrelated things. Provides no review for either exam just says to review PPTs. Doesn't respond to emails and provides no feedback on grades. Posts grades very late in semester.
1.0 : Worked hard in this class made it to every single class and never skipped. Did all homework to the best of my ability. I would never suggest this teacher to anyone if you don't wanna fail english. Trust me no one likes this dude.
1.0 : Terrible teacher. Condescending. See other reviews.
1.5 : Makes you print out 50 pages for reading every other day. You have to be ready to drop at least $50-$70 on printing for him. During class discussions, he has an opinion on anything you say and it's usually negative. If you are unclear on what is being discussed, he won't be any help at all.
2.0 : His class was entirely discussion and it was supposed to be open but it really wasn't he tries to pry specific answers from the class. Also so much reading and he makes you print your readings. He did not specify what he wanted from our unit essays till AFTER we wrote them and then told us he should have expected the 7/10 score that the class got.
1.0 : The entire class is completely pointless
2.5 : Personally, I think he was a pretty good teacher. The only thing that sucked was the fact that I didn't understand the concept of inquiry until LATE into the semester and it made it really hard for me to do good on my portfolio. The people in my class were kind of interesting too though, which made the class, as a whole, a lot more enjoyable.
1.0 : Lectures were poorly organized.  "Tests" were a joke.  Class overall added no value to my education.  He expects you to think how he does and isn't afraid to chastise you if you don't.
1.0 : AVOID.
3.0 : He's tough to understand sometimes with the thick accent but a better teacher than most ratings say. Keeps you interested in the subject and he's pretty funny. Easy class in general.
1.0 : Not a good teacher.  Expects you to  be interested in this regardless of your major, meaning in his eyes you should want to learn as much about this and be enthralled by the material, although he doesn't present material in a way that's easy to take notes and his homework is hard compared to whats covered in class. BAD TEACHER
1.0 : Wornyoh is an absolutely terrible teacher.  He has no clue how to convey material to a class and his homework is incredibly difficult compared to what he "teaches" you. For your own sake, dont take him, even my advisor warned against it, should have listened.
1.0 : He is the worst teacher i have had so far at UWM
4.0 : I am unsure why Wornyoh has such bad reviews. He is incredibly helpful when you ask for help and is funny and keeps you engaged. The homework is difficult but what do you expect? Struggling is a part of learning. I would definitely take one of his classes again.
1.0 : Expect to use other resources to learn because you will not learn anything in his class. He is difficult to understand and does not teach concepts well. He spends a lot of time focusing on the theoretical side and no time on examples. When he does do an example, he plugs in a few numbers and then expects that we know the rest. Very frustrating.
4.0 : Very amazingly hot teacher if you like a perfectly matured real woman. Difficult to get through class without getting distracted, if you know what I mean. Her lectures are very relevant and she brings real world experience to the table. Good course to take. Could have been online, but then you wouldn't have been able to stare.
1.0 : Avoid Dr. Schadewald if at all possible! She is not an effective teacher at all-reads straight from the powerpoint but can't always read them correctly, talks so slowly, and says um every other word. Useless powerpoint presentations. On top of that, she is not approachable or nice to students. Very condescending and unhelpful when students try.
1.0 : reads directly off of powerpoints wastes time due to saying uhm and long pauses frequently d2l quizzes every class due before the next class very boring 2 hours but at least she gives you a 5 minute break not a very good teacher doesnt know what some of her diagrams mean on powerpoints READS EVERYTHING WORD FOR WORD
1.5 : I was really excited for this class. But there is a giant language barrier so it's near impossible to learn from her. All of my learning was outside of class. And it really did affect my grade because of the way the quizzes are grades. Such a shame since I was so excited to study something new beforehand.
1.0 : the language barrier slows down class and confuses the content. Most of my learning came outside of class due to the pace of class which is very slow, we may go over a small part of the chapter over a week span. Being a required class if you want to major in anything business I would not recommend this class unless you enjoy tutors and studying
1.0 : Awful language barrier. Lectures are confusing, long and boring. There is unfairness in the class when it comes to people not turning in homework or coming for exams but still being able to complete them later. Never responds to emails, doesn't enter grades timely, and assigns irrelevant homework assignments.
4.0 : She is fresh out of college and is a lecture heavy professor. She is available outside of class and I would go to her office hours, go in the end you'll earn a higher grade. Sometimes it is hard to understand her, but she cares about her students and encourages class collaboration. Graded on: 3 exams, 5 assignments, 8 aplia assignments.
3.0 : He made a lot of mistakes when teaching us math. It caused for a lot of confusion and made him really flustered when we would point out his mathematical mistakes. He's very impersonal which caused for a lot of awkwardness in class. He walked in the first day and didn't even introduce himself. The class was dry and very confusing at times.
1.0 : He's a nice guy, just not a teacher.  Super smart, doesn't have any people skills.
1.0 : Honestly this class was SO BORING. She talks so slow and it just feels like the class is dragging. We never got to pick our own groups, which made the class even more boring. Basically class is just her talking the entire time and asking pointless questions. We never got to haveclass discussions or peer reviewing, she just talks and talks and talks
1.5 : I'm a good student, more concerned with learning than grades, normally resulting in good grades and increased knowledge. I got a fairly good grade in the class, but I learned little. Dr. Weinert's lectures were confusing- making it difficult to follow along in the book, which is how I'm often able to learn at home, regardless of the instructor.
1.0 : Prof. Weinert is obviously very smart and a good physicist, but he is not a good lecturer. He is scattered and it's hard to follow his train of thought, and his lectures are confusing sometimes. Try to get a different professor for Physics 370 if you can.
3.5 : This instructor is a tough grader but if you stick to her exact instructions she and exceed them you will pass with an A. Her feedback is very detailed. DO NOT PROCRASTINATE. Very responsive to email.
1.0 : You can ask a question and get two completely different answers in the same breath. You'll have to get together with your classmates to figure out what is going on and what's expected of you; she is never clear. There is a terrible sense of ambiguity for the whole class. Lectures are monotone and don't really explain much; expect to teach yourself.
1.0 : Super easy class, but also super boring. Sometimes takes attendance, but offers easy extra credit surveys.
2.5 : I took sports marketing during winterim. Class was 4 days a week and 3.5 hours each. He had a different industry speaker in class every class. It really made the day go by quickly. Tests were short answer,  based on lectures and speakers, and allowed a cheat sheet. Group project was moderately hard due to short semester. Textbook was like $15.
1.0 : Horrible teacher/instructor. She piles up  reading, gives us pop quizzes constantly, &amp; it's hard to even remember everything even when you actually do the readings b/c there's so much she expects us to read.She swears all the time, and is a harsh grader.She really puts down your work. She doesn't make me feel comfortable talking in the class at all
1.5 : She is very unhelpful especially in emails. Extremely hard grader and does not curve. When grading she does not give helpful feedback and only gives negative comments. When giving out assignments she barely gives you any information to actually understand the assignment. Take this class if you want to go crazy.
2.0 : Without being too, harsh, not the best choice. However seeing as there are all negative comments ill say a few positive. I did learn how to engage in critical reading, and greatly enjoyed the majority of her literature choices. Not an easy class though, be prepared to seek outside help for papers ect.
1.0 : Take the class with someone else!
1.5 : Horrible teacher. She made this class waaaaay more difficult than it needed to be. Take the class with a different teacher, cause its not even worth it if she's teaching it. I hope that she at least realizes that teaching is not for her.
1.0 : Read my name during attendance in a stage whisper, in a busy classroom. Would mark me absent. You only get so many absences before it's an automatic fail; had to drop. The other students here didn't lie either - her curriculum is way too difficult for an introductory-level course for the major. She also has a nasty attitude/is rude. Don't bother.
4.0 : I thought Ali was a great teacher! She's super into helping her students, laid back and she's very intelligent in the things she is teaching about in Women's &amp; Gender Studies. I really enjoy this class. It's definitely not a breeze, she makes you work for it and put in effort but I learned a lot in this class and would recommend it!
2.5 : Ms. Ray-Grover was rude, unclear, and wasn't prepared for class. Even trying to meet with her was difficult because she didn't want to meet with students outside of class for help. It took a very long time for her to return emails. She does not give the grade one deserves for their work. No exam reviews and questions stray from class material.
1.0 : Unprofessional! I strongly advise people to take this with another instructor, would have been an interesting class with someone who knew what they were talking about and kept up with syllabus and provided better feedback on assignments.
1.0 : My major is marketing and this was the first marketing class I've ever taken and it really left a sour taste in my mouth. I took his night class and he rambles for the entire 2 hours and 50 minutes. You learn nothing because you cant understand him. Everyone sits on their phone or laptop and ignores him. Tests are hard and he takes attendance.
1.0 : I've had a lot of challenging classes, but never have I had a professor as awful as Kam.  He does not care if you're present in class, or on your device the entire time.  He is preaching to a wall, and your attendance or participation is not needed.  Half the grade is based on two exams, and there is no way you can prepare for them.  Horrible.
1.0 : One of the worst instructors I have ever had. He is the reason I changed my major from Marketing. Very hard to understand. Asks questions in class, if you do not give a PERFECT answer, he makes you feel dumb. No one takes him seriously. Exams are IMPOSSIBLE as they are nothing like the book, his lectures, or his study guide. TAKE ANYONE ELSE!
2.0 : Tests always have trick questions. Weekly quizzes are do or die. Rushes on the slides. Just expect to teach yourself everything thats what I did
1.5 : This teacher only read off the slide and is useless when you need help. His tests are nothing like the practice tests. Be preparing for a lot of self learning and trying to stay awake in class
1.0 : Totally awful. She rushed through her lecture material, would show pointless video clips unrelated to the substantive material, would end class early and then give us ridiculously tricky exams. The class was unorganized, scattered, and confusing. It seemed like she didn't know the material very well but would give us tricky and impossible exams.
2.0 : 50min lectures feel like 2hrs. Boring and pointless, her lectures does not help at all with assignments and exams. I wanted to like her because shes very passionate about the material but it was not helpful to me at all. In general, she was an OKAY professor. I give her an A for effort. Mehh :/ All assignments and exams consist of essays.
1.0 : Everything right on all exams. Admitted to grading me differently than rest of the class. Never ended class on time. She ignored it and my disability (paralysis). Spoke down to me, made me feel pathetic, worthless. Insisted I should never do things like start with a thesis statement. Questioned how I graduated high-school let alone got into college
1.0 : He's extremely rude. He tells students they don't have common sense and don't think outside the box. He expects everyone to be knowledge as him. He doesn't let students respond back to his questions during presentations and will laugh at you when you don't know the answer. Horrible, why is he even teaching? I'd like to knock his wig off.
1.0 : Extremely Rude
4.0 : I took this class with Prof. Madhu and it was very easy. Just show up, do the few short paper assignments, the group presentation, and study for the two tests are you get an A. I'm surprised to see these other reviews because I did not get any rude behavior or impressions when I had him. He was a little quiet but very willing to help everyone.
1.0 : His class is a joke. Only 7 lectures all semester and taught us nothing. Expects students to group present a PowerPoint on topics covered in lecture he didn't explain and proceeds to publicly humiliate his students during them. Provides no feedback on grades,  tells students to google things they don't understand. Worst professor I've ever had.
1.0 : Horrid, awful professor. Unhelpful, barely responds to questions, hw is more like busy work, incredibly vague instructions. Hardly ever posts feedback, but happy to dock points for things she doesn't like. Fun fact: it's a requirement to follow her on twitter, but she has tweeted exactly one time this entire semester...
1.0 : Prepare to be frustrated, disappointed, and confused if you are an online student. This instructor is absent, uncooperative, and unable to assist when the students  are understandably confused and frustrated. Assignments are poorly explained and expectations are barely clarified. Some grades are only posted when the class practically revolts.
3.5 : Dr. Moyer is experienced in the field of Academic Librarianship, but her "interruptions" during student presentations are quite annoying. I wish the class challenged me more as a graduate student. The standards in this class are fairly low.
1.5 : Had as a lab TA.  Harsh grader even on values we experimentally got.
1.0 : Ms. Johnston's teaching style is very unclear and vague. She uses power points that consist of pictures and VERY brief and vague descriptions. Her voice is very soft and unclear, and her teaching is very unclear as well. It was very difficult to study for the exams, and the class seemed to be more of an art history class rather than an art design.
1.0 : Very disorganized class. Took it online and the professor was completely non-existent for the entire class.  If you have a question about homework or material, forget about getting a response from the professor or TA.  Also had the TA accuse most of the class of plagiarism, even though it was his mess up.  Super easy A, but also very frustrating.
1.0 : 7 Assignments+2 Extra Credit Assignments+3 ExamsYour Grade The course structure is unclear. You don't know what you should be reading to do the assignments or exams. Once you find how to do the assignments, they are pretty easy. This class does not require much effort but you won't learn anything. Assignment grades take weeks to get posted.
1.0 : The teacher and TA were absent the entire semester. Never answered a discussion post. Had to contact another instructor just to get help. Assignment directions are sometimes unclear. Judging by the discussion posts at least 1/4 of the class was accused of plagiarism on an assignment when we were following the directions. Pretty easy class though.
1.0 : Pros: Easy A, very little work.  Cons: didn't learn anything, never received responses from TA, professor is completely absent.  Took this online, all assginments, lectures, and readings were dumped on D2L on the first day--no communication after that.  Used the discussion board to help each other figure out assignments.
1.0 : I have conflicting views about this prof. Half of his teaching style I liked, the other half I hated. I liked his powerpoints. His exams were solely based off them. I hated the homework he gave us &amp; how he went over it because almost none of that material was on the exams and he made it extremely confusing. He grades tough on the homework.
2.0 : Only two exams, pop quizzes and he announces the assignments at random. All assignments must be done in Excel. Wants class participation and for you to "argue" and discuss. Unclear expectations on assignments. This class is needed to graduate in Health Care Administration.
1.5 : Pop quizzes. Wants you to "argue" and discuss in class. Also wants you to ask questions in class rather than one-on-one. Wants most of homework to be done in excel. Announces assignments at random times. Not very helpful at all. Easily one of the worst teachers I've ever had.
4.0 : It is weird that I saw 3 people rate this professor poorly. Yes, I agree that he is a difficult teacher but I enjoy his strict style. He is an informative teacher and I feel really cool when he wanted everybody to participate. If you don't ask, he doesn't know where your knowledge gap is and he cannot help you to improve. That was his points.
1.5 : 2 Exams 70% .. final is cumulative .. if you are late for a minute, you are absent!! hard professor.
1.5 : Nezlek was confusing, sarcastic and petty. He tried to be funny in class, but it ended up being annoying and time consuming. He promised a curve that never happened. I paid $40 for a clicker that i only used three times. Lecture was a waste, as everything on the exam came from specific details in the book. Do not recommend at all.
1.0 : He's a terrible professor. He's rude, arrogant, and doesn't teach the class well. The lectures are pointless and the tests are not related to the lectures at all.
5.0 : A lot of homework, put the work in and you will get a good grade.  He drops a lot of grades: Lowest exam, lowest quiz, 3 lowest homework scores, and 2 lowest project scores.  I got an A- in the course and I hardly ever went to class.
3.0 : It seemed a lot of people didn't like him, but I think those were all the people who just didn't try or care. 13 of the class couldn't even fill out a scantron correctly, even after he made it very clear. He's great if you do the work. You have to read, otherwise the tests will be difficult. Lecture notes alone are not enough for the exams.
2.0 : Interesting professor. Not including discussion work, he has an online quiz for each chapter assigned-they aren't worth much-a midterm and final-that are worth a lot. His test are CRAZY! He says he'll curve your grade but mine never got curved. I wouldn't recommend him but this class is required and he is the only one that teaches it. Good luck!
1.0 : Nezlek is horrible! He's not helpful at all and he's a tough grader. This class can be easy but he makes it so so difficult. He's so boring, and disrespectful to his students. I went twice to his office and I felt really regretful after that! Too many homework assignments to do during the semester. I really worked hard and passed with a B!
1.0 : Horrible. I'd say avoid but he's the only one  who teaches the class. Can't believe UWM still has him he is rude and downright arrogant to students. Left class once because someone in a 200 person lecture was on facebook.  Condescending toward students and the tests are beyond tough because they have nothing to do with what he "taught" all semester
1.0 : Terrible, terrible, terrible. The exams are the kind where each answer has one word different from the others. He's extremely arrogant, and his lectures are 100% useless. Do not take with him if possible, but currently, he is the only one who teaches it.
3.0 : Took online.. tons of busy work: weekly excels, quizzes, discussions, and SAM activities (online website). Tests are hard, really read over the SAM chapters.
4.0 : This class really depends on how much effort you want to put into your grade. Make sure to do the homework, SAM, and the weekly assignments. He uses the clickers for attendance and his tests are kind of hard. However, if you do well on the majority of the other assignments, your grade will be fine! It's all about EFFORT!
1.0 : Nezlek was by far the worst professor I've had at UWM. He is a nice person, but really doesn't know how to teach. The entire lecture he talks about his personal life and nothing related to information technology, and the tests are hard. Going to class is honestly a waste of time. Just do the homework and you will be fine.
1.0 : Avoid, avoid, avoid! His exams are tough, and his lecture isn't helpful. Last semester I went to all lectures &amp; never missed a click, did all quizzes and all homework, but at the end I got a bad grade because of having low grades in the exams. He's horrible &amp; the exams are SO hard. You have to PUT much effort to pass or you gotta take it again!
2.5 : Yes, the lectures can be boring, and he made rude comments from time to time. BUT, if you read the chapters and study, you will do fine on the exams. Most of the material is already general knowledge about computersother technology, but you HAVE to read! Go to the lectures already having read the chapter, they're much less confusing then!
3.0 : Class is split into 2 parts. In discussion there 2 excel or access assignments a week which is very straight forward and easy but lengthy. Lectures which exams are based on are quite tough. All homework and exams are online. Not everything on the exams is covered in lecture, but if you review his slides on D2l you can get most of the material.
2.0 : Nezlek is a terrible teacher. The only good  easy part about this class is that he doesn't take attendance, and the Discussion section is super easy.
4.0 : I don't get why Dr. Nezlek has such a low score.  He is one of the most charismatic professors I've had at UWM.  He knows a lot about the subject and is there to help you when you need it.  He's super responsive to email, and always available during office hours, which aren't at a ridiculous time.  I would definitely take a class with him again.
1.0 : Very rude and refuses to help students. Always claims to have mentioned something in class multiple times but has not touched on it once.
4.0 : I see a lot of comments about how hard his exams were.  They are extremely easy if you do your work.  If you skim through the readings, write down keywords and have used a computer in the last 10 years, you should have no problem getting an A.  His lectures are dumb, and add no value but you have to "click" for attendance points.
1.0 : This teacher is the worst! Avoid at all costs if you are not the best at online classes or expect some work out of the teacher. He acts like he is better than you no matter what and insults you if you email him or don't understand how to find assignments on D2L. I put in the work (so much hw)and received an A but I'm 100% sure not many others did.
1.5 : This teacher was a really hard grader and the test were impossible to get an A on.
1.0 : HIs condescending nature led me to avoid any interaction with him. I once emailed him about a grade he put in the night before (for something that I had turned in weeks ago) and received a very rude email about how I should have been in class to know that I couldn't change grades on items turned in so long ago, when I had gone to every class.
1.0 : His lectures are a joke. No matter how many notes you take or how long you pay attention during lecture it is completely different on the test. His questions are straight from the online book so study that a lot since he is pretty much the only person who teaches the class.
2.0 : The lecture and discussion are two separate classes.  Excel/Access homework is a beast.  Make sure you check assignments for any misspellings or even a period, the program downgrades for those.  Lectures were pointless, all quizzes and exams were done based on text readings.  Test questions are randomly selected from quizzes; take 3 quizzes.
4.0 : Professor Nezlek is a great instructor. He tries to give you more than what you pay for and teach you things that are applicable in real life. Lectures add to the concepts you are supposed to learn on your own. He isnt going to read you the book, do it at home or expect a bad exam experience. Treat him with respect and he will reciprocate.
1.0 : Nezlek is awful. Doesn't care about you the student and his notes aren't on the exams. Very hard to pass
2.0 : Terrible professor. Lectures are not helpful at all to exams. Discussion is easy so you can make up points there on homework.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class and Nezlek's instruction.  He wasn't very tolerant of students shenanigans but if you showed up to class, did the online homework I felt it wasn't that difficult to get an A.
1.0 : went to lecture the first couple weeks then never went and still passed the class with a B. everything is online so he's not a very big help
1.5 : Lectures are pointless, I could care less about his wife and son or that he used to sell software. Test answers are all online, easy to pass but didn't learn anything from his mindless teaching.
3.5 : He definitely makes you work in the class. The class isn't directly in my major but the workload makes it seem like it should be. Not that it's a bad thing, you learn what you pay for, and it's a useful class. He's sarcastic which makes his materials fun to read.
1.0 : He is the worst professor I've ever had. He tries to be cool and become your friend at first, but that doesn't last long. If you are taking the class, don't even pay attention to his lectures, just memorize the textbook. He is also very unfair and is not understanding whatsoever. Avoid, avoid, avoid! He got a bad review from everyone in class.
2.5 : At first it seems as if his class would be really enjoyable and laid back . But he didn't cover anything that was on the test in the lecture (and that was the whole point of the lecture). The discussion base classes you worked on Excel and Access with a TA which was the more joy able side to it. But the exams are a nightmare.
1.5 : It was very rare to actually learn things that would be seen on the exams. Most of the lectures are random stories and him bragging about himself. If it wasn't for a few participation points I wouldn't have gone to the lectures since they didn't provide valuable information.
1.0 : DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND STAY AWAY FROM THIS PROFESSOR, I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE TAKING HIM, HE DOES NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR GRADE. HE IS VERY SARCASTIC IN A NEGATIVE WAY. HE SEEMS NICE AT FIRST BUT YOU'LL REALIZE THE PROFESSOR HE REALLY IS.
1.0 : Teacher promised a curve during the semester. The day grades were going to be posted he emailed all of the students and said he was not going to curve any grades. Exam were not based on what he taught in his lectures. Gets off topic often.
2.0 : Show up to lectures for participation points, read the chapters from the book, and practice vocabulary instead of listening to Nezlek. Everything on exams is from the book period. Whatever Nezlek says is irrevelant. He's a great guy, just not meant to teach.
1.0 : I went to all the lectures and discussions, did all the work, participated but I got a bad grade because I did poorly on the exams. Exams are too hard, nothing he says in the lecture is on the exams.
1.0 : Jessica never taught this class before. She only looks for perfection as if we were PhD students not freshman students!!! I hate this class with no restrictions! I was about to die before the end of the semester. Please Please Please avoid her if you want to not to lose your confidence.
1.0 : OK Lets describe this class in an easy way. This class is "110" but with Jessica, it is perhaps 1100 that is Post-Doctoral course! She thinks that you already have multiple degrees in Infost and you are ready to show her that can teach graduate students! I do NOT recommend her.
1.0 : Just do yourself a favor and don't take her as a teacher
1.0 : Avoid
2.0 : This is based on my 100% attendance.  1) She lectures in the last 5 mints 2) Just reads slides 3) Unclear questions  4) Messy slides  5) Very late to return assignment and report grades 6) Uneven distribution of grades in the exam. Q1 is worth 1 point vs. Q2 is worth 15 points 7) Very strict about your writing!  She gives feedback.
2.0 : Very lazy and disorganized professor. Very late feedbackgrades. Avoid her!!
2.5 : Very late to return assignments. We submitted the final paper on Dec 15, and today is 30 but the grade has not shown up yet!!! People will start their WinteriM before they know their results for this class.
2.5 : I hate this class.
1.0 : not helpful! She should leave this profession and should start working in some company as decision maker lol
1.0 : Professor Kroegers way of teaching is very confusing! She doesn't explain the material throughly. Her tests are hard because they don't have much to do with the stuff she goes over in class.
1.0 : She doesn't seem to have much respect for her students and often times gives attitude just for asking a question. Her tests don't involve any of the same information or terms as what she teaches in lecture.
1.5 : I will suggest you take collective bargaining instead of this course period! Except you're good with numbers because she will leave you very confused especially with the numerous typos and mistakes in her solutions. Her exams and assignments are different from what she teaches in class.  Don't even bother asking her for help cos she won't help you.
1.5 : Took this class thinking it would be a usual 100 level course however he was very unclear on his expectations. Said it would be a multiple choice exam and ended up being a short answer exam. Only 10% attendance the rest are quizzes and two exams. Have to check syllabus for when the quizzes are since he will not tell you.
1.0 : This class is a complete joke and total waste of time.  Wade is terrible and just stands up there rambling. Due to her slides having almost nothing on them you write down everything she says because you have no idea what is important and what isn't. It's a long 75 minutes and she makes attendance a big part of the grade. Stay away if you can.
1.0 : She rambles and you don't know what will be on the exam. She once gave a study guide with 84 terms and she had 15 on the exam. When I went to complain she was not helpful. Talk to the TA and be sure to ask what you need to know for the exam.
1.0 : Where do I begin. Lectures are all over the place talking about the 19th century one minute and then backtracks to the 1700's. Powerpoint's mine as well not even be shown. Make sure to show up for class, attendance is a large portion of your grade. Exams are hard as ever as she gives you over 70 terms and only about 10 or 15 are actually used.
1.0 : I actually dropped the class before it even started because you could tell on day 1 she was going to be intense.
2.0 : He can be difficult to understand.  The fact that you actually have to learn how to manually draw AutoCAD-like drawings is pointless, and he really doesn't help that at all.
1.0 : Horrible. Can't even distinguish between right and wrong for grading a multiple choice test.  Impossible to understand. Just run away
1.0 : Exaggerating aside, this professor is the worst professor I've ever had. She's extremely condescending, no one showed up to class, and you HAVE to attend for your grade. Theres an insane amount of readings, would ask us every 2 minutes how we felt about the topic discussed, and stands there waiting answers. This class was not a lecture. DO NOT TAKE
2.0 : She seems nice and sweet at first, but her class generally sucks. As does she. There are lengthy, boring readings due every class, she is disorganized and confusing so have fun trying to keep up. She ruined what should have been an incredibly awesome and easy class--total opposite. Half the class dropped, wish I did. Do not take this class with her
1.0 : Expect this teacher to NEVER show up to class on time, ALWAYS 15-20 minutes late. During the lectures there is never a clear conversation. Don't even bother buying the book or blue packet, you will barely ever use it. When she arrives to class she always seems frazzaled and does not know how to separate her personal life and work life.
2.0 : This class had so much potential to be great, but the professor's inconsistency, constant late arrivals, and frantic flightiness completely squashed any of it. Her expectations were unpredictable and erratic: sometimes assignments were due, sometimes they were spoken of once and never talked about again. Easy class, but stressful because of her.
1.0 : She was incredibly unclear, it was really hard to understand half the time what the project even was. She would give you one rubric and then the rubric used to grade your work (by students in another one of her classes) was completely different, so you'd fail. When you ask her to explain grades she only gave the same info in more words.
2.0 : Will dock for grammar, punctuation. Be sure to participate a lot, and by the required day. For the class I took it was Friday for first post then by Monday for reply. You will be docked if you wait till the weekend for that post. Lectures were basically reading the slides.
1.0 : Horrible. Don't take him. SO much work and tedious work. Pretty much everything done online and should just be made into an online class. Doesn't keep grades updated besides the quizzes and exams that are automatic. I have no respect for him since he does little as possible for my class. My class spends about half the class complaining to him.
2.5 : Way too much work for a level 100 class. Don't take unles you're really into africologu and don't mind the work. Lectures were long and fairly useless. Book is most helpful. Gives group project along with a short answer and multiple choice final. However homework and all other tests and quizzes are done online.
1.0 : Overall he isn't a bad guy, but that doesn't mean he's a good professor either. This is a 100 level class and the amount of studying and work you have to put into maintaining a decent grade is illogical. If you don't read the text book, WORD FOR WORD, then you're guaranteed no more than a C, and that's if you're lucky. Good luck, you'll need it.
1.0 : Disgusting, the exams are unfathomable. Professor reads off of ppts every lecture word for word and gives exam questions that aren't even close to what we would ever discuss in class. I've spent more time studying for this class than ochem and yielded worse results. The only thing you can do to slightly save your grade is destroy lab (30% of grade)
3.0 : Terry is a nice lady, however, her teaching style is reading off of her power point lectures.  The exams are awful: very little from lecture and more book heavy.  In class activities and in class quizzes are a nice 5% "extra credit" on your grade, IF you go to every single class.  Lab definitely helps your grade in the end.
2.0 : I've taken two classes taught by Terry Bott and both have been miserable. If you chose to go to her lectures you'll see she basically reads of the slide show. During class I always have the feeling that she doesnt really know what she is talking about and only got the position due to budget cuts or something. And I used to love Biology.
1.0 : Lectures are boring. She reads right from the PowerPoint. There is no point to going to lectures but she has these in-class quizzes and mini group discussions that count for points, so you must attend.  There's no study guide and won't narrow down the very broad subjects even little bit. She expects you to know 150 pages worth of material.
3.0 : The bad: can talk fast in lecture, doesn't answer questions on the spot very well(I think she is nervous in front of a large crowd) Good: once you get to know her she does a better job one on one, uses in class participation activities to discuss lecture topics and for small part of grade. Slides are more important than book, take good notes!
1.0 : Terrible lectures, reads slides too fast, makes mistakes, doesn't answer questions or answers with a question or just rude (never I will tell you next time just I don't know, ask a different professor etc). Slides are incoherent at times, titles don't make sense, things on slide are vague. Info contradicts lab &amp; book. Nice outside but bad teacher
1.0 : I have taken BioSci 103 online and also BioSci100 with her and I have not had a good experience. In BioSci 100 she basically read off slides the entire time and most of the time seemed like she didn't understand the information she was trying to teach. In 103 she gives poor feedback with assignments and is not helpful when asked questions.
1.0 : Genuinely an awful professor. She is curt, rude, tedious, and uninformed on her material. The lecture slides are vague and often incorrect. If you try to go to her office hours expect to be rushed out without having your question answered. Her exams are worded difficulty and weighted too much (65%). Lab is unrelated to the course, but TA's are okay
1.5 : Horrible at teaching online classes. Not clear at all about what will be on quizzes.
1.0 : Never take a class with Terry if you can avoid it. She  makes an entry level course extremly time consuming. Exams are difficult and she does the bare mnimum to prepare students . Also trying to seek clarification from her is pointless.
2.0 : She is a nice woman, but  I had trouble following her rambling explanations.   I did well on the exams, but I never knew what to expect -- questions were somewhat left field at times, vague, or redundant.  I didn't really feel like I learned/gained much from her approach (or lack of?).
4.5 : I really liked her. I took online biosci 206. Work was clearly outlined in the syllabus so I knew what to expect each week since day 1 of the semester. We always had a weekly quiz, occasional discussion posts, and 3 tests throughout the semester but everything came straight from the text book. It was easy and she was very nice to deal with.
2.0 : She should be more specific when a student asks her what information to study for her exams
2.0 : Very uninformed on her lectures. When I tried emailing her about about questions on our homework, she was not helpful at all. Participation isn't required, but you should go for your grade in "in class activities". JUST READ THE BOOK!
2.0 : This professor did not know the topic at all. I would often go to office hours and she would sit there reading the book for an answer.
1.0 : So, I always write my answers on my paper test exam booklet in case something with my scantron gets messed up. I accidentally made all my scatron answers all off by one number.  It inevitably happens to everyone once. I asked Bott to change the grade by grading my paper test and her response was 'its against my teaching philosophy'.
1.0 : She doesn't care about her student's grades and is not helpful when you need questions.
2.0 : The powerpoints have a lot of visuals and she uses videos once in a while so that helped me understand concepts better, but the exams don't reflect the lectures at all. They somewhat reflect the textbook readings, but even so, I didn't think the exams were very fair for students that always attended class and did the required work.
1.0 : Took online Bio Class. Terrible exams and quizzes!! Nothing prepared you for the exams.
2.5 : A lot of work for a 100 level. Tests are long and you have to know a lot. Make sure you attend lectures, take notes, study each night and read the book. It was kind of hard, and you have to work for your grade. But, it is doable. Lecture is worth 60% and Lab is worth 40%. Lab is easier and helps bring up your lecture grade.
4.0 : Four tests, final is optional (she'll drop the lowest test grade). Easy class, just put effort into studying / reviewing the material. She cares about her students and when half the class seemed like they were failing, she gave ample opportunities for extra credit. There's no reason to fail this class; if you do, you're the problem, not her.
1.0 : Expect a ton of homework and extremely difficult exams. Do yourself a favor and avoid at all costs.
1.0 : Most awful teacher of all time.  I have never had a more frustrating experience with another teacher in my life.  He is a very smart man but he is terrible at lecturing (had him for heat treatment) he cant understand questions or answer questions asked.  unrealistically unorganized.  He densest know how to use technology, most unhelpful man ever.
2.0 : he is an average-poor professor for 201 and was difficult to understand. He didnt put much time in helping the students out or go in detail. For 411 however, he is great. Its the perfect class for him because he is only there to help you out and his personality and helpfulness changed 180! So, dont take for any class except 411.
1.0 : The epitome of an unreliable professor. At least 20 mins late for every class. Grades are arbitrary. He was very knowledgeable but, shouldn't be teaching.
1.0 : This is the worst professor in the history of education.  First and foremost she has no ability to demonstrate respect. She is demeaning and having had her in clinical, possibly related to her lack of nursing skills.  The staff at our clinical site could not stand her.  She holds no ethical values , does not know how to relate to patients, or work
1.0 : The material in lecture and discussion were next to useless on the tests. ALEKS is used, it is miserable and that is where you will do literally all your learning by yourself for the class. I never missed a day, and got very good grades on lab reports which saved my grade. I got a 73 on first test, a 50 on second and 25 on the third, and got a B.
1.0 : Prof. Sorensen is by far one of the worse professors I've ever had. He goes off on long tangents that don't even relate to the course material during lecture. He makes people feel stupid if they ask questions and although attendance isn't mandatory, he'll randomly take attendance on TopHat or give pop quizzes. Majority of learning is self-taught.
1.0 : Disrespects students by ranting about how incompetent they are instead of teaching his lecture.
1.0 : He makes things complicated even you have knowledge of the subject. He gives very indirect information during lectures. Discussions and Aleks is where you learn everything. I'd go to lectures just to do Aleks. This teacher is very poor, but he does make sure you get a good grade if you try. Strive for average on tests and you will pass.
1.0 : He is a nice person but a horrible. Professor he doesn't do many examples  for it to be a Chem course. He uses the lecture slides from the book to teach, which is not helpful bc the course is not all on the logic from the book material. His lectures are a waste of time and you would be better off studying on your own. His office hours are helpful.
1.0 : HORRIBLE! He would teach things too much and just make it confusing. He aslo goes on to talk about stuff not even in the course, he goes onto stuff in the next course to take which also makes confusing. Would fail this class if it was not for SI Navi. Ive asked him for help before and he does not give any, even if asking to come in for help.
1.5 : Gave vague requirements and refused to let us know what our grades were. Expected students to come in with immediate knowledge of how to sight sing. Made frequent derogatory remarks. One girl was in the hospital for a week and missed a test. He told her that he'd drop the test. The last day of class he told her she was failing.
2.0 : Mr. Serio gives NO feedback whatsoever on the assignments and papers. Had to go in during office hours to find out if my final paper (that determined whether you passed or not) was any good. He is better one-on-one but not a good, clear teacher who lets you know what to change and what to keep doing with your writing.
2.0 : He gives lots of participation extra credit if you show up to the lectures, but the lectures are basically him reading off the powerpoints. The discussion after the lecture was where I learned the most! Make sure to pay attention in lecture, and you will need the book!
1.5 : He literally reads off a slide. Since he has all the calculations ready he goes too fast to take notes. Ppt on d2l are not the same as ppt used in lecture. He teaches the class as if he is talking to peers who know and understand accounting not a general required elective course. average 1st exam score was 58% (68% with curve)
1.0 : Horrible professor. Doesn't teach anything. Learned everything from TA. No one goes to class.
2.5 : He definitely knows what he is talking about and also has a background in what he is teaching. However, he goes really fast in lectures and doesn't really give us time to absorb what he is teaching.
1.0 : Lecture is just 75 minutes straight of him copying notes on to the board explaining very little of what any of it means. He stands in front of what he is writing so no one can see until he moves on to the next section of the board. Better write quick before he comes back and erases it. Arbitrarily grades HW. Assigns labs outside of normal classtime
1.0 : Poor teacher. Copies his notes onto the board and does not do a very good job explaining his notes. Makes up lab sections outside of actual class and is required to do CFD assignments. Only grades two of your homework problems making the grading slightly unfair. Very smart man but not a good teacher. Avoid.
1.0 : The  class is filled with proofs and non-useful notes and he is very unclear when it comes to exam material. I learned a majority from YouTube and very little from Class.   I find this material interesting, but this class ruined it for me.  Krishna needs to dig down deep and remember why he decided decided to teach in the first place.
1.0 : Proofs is what kills you. This class definitely needs more example problems. Not very good at teaching.
1.0 : Exams are frequently unrelated to subject matter. Homework is rigidly and arbitrarily graded. And he doesn't have the teaching ability to even communicate what his high standards are. He's obsessed with everyone solving problems the same exact way he would. Avoid if possible. He killed any interest I had in Fluid Mechanics.
4.0 : Homework and exams have to be done exactly his way, using his notation. He is a pretty good teacher, he takes great pride in providing a through education. Hard class, but hes a solid teacher
1.0 : Typical Madison Lefty that gets upset when students do not listen to his 3 hour lectures. Worst. Class. Ever. You will learn nothing and be forced to stay the whole time.
2.0 : Easily most miserable class of my college career. He gets upset when people don't listen to his non-interactive 3 hour lectures. So upset that he made everyone close their laptops a few times throughout the semester. Exams are relatively easy but the lectures are brutal. Make sure you pick your group wisely as there's a lot of group projects.
2.0 : Social Media Marketing: He chose to spend all 3 hours showing the class his personal social media pages followed by sharing self-explicable statistics. Group project due at the end of the semester, but that same group does discussion boards with throughout. You get docked points any time a group member doesn't participate whether it's you or not.
1.0 : I'm in my last semester of my grad program and this is the worst class I've taken. He goes through a 150 slide power point each class period and then will give a quiz after 4-5 classes. It's IMPOSSIBLE to study for as there is SO much info. Also the first quiz we took was a complete disaster, and he wouldn't hand them back to see why we did bad.
1.0 : Social Media Marketing - took as a night class and he completely dragged out the lecture talking about himself and his social media pages.  So boring, no one paid attention.  You have to do weekly postings with your group which is fine but he's not specific when it comes to grading. Takes him over a week to respond to emails - I wouldn't recommend.
2.0 : Nice lady but very awkward person. She says um a lot. Go to class because attendance is taken in every class.
1.0 : Very strict person and doesn't like humor that students give in the class. A very difficult grader as well if you do not place the effort into being a student that goes "above and beyond' in your writing
2.5 : Very awkward person.
1.0 : Very difficult to understand. Does not know how to receive feedback from students.
1.0 : professor does not give a clear course syllabus. his lectures are dragged on and he does not get to the point on what he is trying to say. I attended every class but still was not prepared for his exam. he said he was going to assign homework but has not doe that to help you prepare for his first exam. THIS PROFESSOR IS NOT GOOD!
1.0 : Not helpful at all. Wants to fail students.
1.0 : The criteria at the beginning of the projects are clear, however at the end of the project during critique, Melis makes it sound like a completely different project than what we had worked on. Even meeting criteria on the rubric you still get a C. Not being a 3D artist I did my best and put in all I had and still almost failed.
2.0 : While Sheryl is nice, she doesn't give clear expectations for assignments and is a ridiculously tough grader. She assigns semester long projects but gives no feedback throughout. Expect to be disappointed.
1.0 : Reads slides at the lecture. Not a good teaching method.
1.5 : Avoid at all costs. Boring and useless lectures.  the discussion/lab T.A. saved me from failing this course.
1.5 : He doesn't really teach you anything. If you need help on something, he tells you to either ask every other student (who also probably have the same questions as you) or reread the book. He mainly just sits in class with a stupid grin as you try and figure out how to teach yourself. You're basically just paying for this class to teach yourself.
1.0 : Doesn't teach, doesn't answer questions. Put in groups and left to teach ourselves from the book.
2.0 : I regret taking this class. Accounting students: take intro to finance instead of this class. I feel as if he talks more about stories of his experience instead of teaching. The exams are super difficult and he doesnt tell you whats on the exam. The project is difficult and he graded it really hard.  You can't be on your phone during class.
2.5 : She is not clear at all, and she doesn't talk loud enough to hear. She's super hard to understand - mostly because she changes her mind/AND THE SYLLABUS, very very often, which may impact your grade. Honestly if you don't want a class that can be painful to sit through, don't take this class
1.0 : This was the worst class I've taken at this university yet. You have a lot to read each night, but you only get graded off a few assignments, exams/pop quizzes. The exams were all written and she expected you to write multiple paragraphs for all 10 questions in order to receive full points even if the questions could be answered in a sentence or 2.
1.5 : TAKE THE ONLINE CLASS! Save yourself &amp; take it online or w a different professor. Must sign in every day. Talks about business and society everyday. Jumps from thought to thought;  leaves you wondering what his points are. Easy class, big waste of time. Group project at the end of semester is EASY, rough if you have a bad group (random groups).
2.0 : You come to this class every day and if nobody speaks get ready to mention something on current events. He has online quizzes every week. Classes are a snooze-fest but he tells you what is on each exam, literally he'll list each question that will be there. Two group presentations with no real rubric where you're graded on group participation.
1.0 : Worst teacher at UWM. Teaches Logistics and I have learned not a thing. Takes forever to answer emails. Never caught up on D2L grading. Take the course with a different professor!!!!
1.0 : She has a very dull teaching style. everything is on PowerPoint. Everything is also in PDF format because she uses google docs instead of the university provided Microsoft word.  i would rate the entire class as a don't bother coming because you wont understand anything anyway.
1.0 : I took Geography 110 and it so far has been the worst class of my college career. Professor Pettygrove is very smart however she's an awful teacher. She says "um" frequently throughout her monotone lectures and goes off on long tangents, then ask questions completely irrelevant to the lectures in her tests. Do not take this course.
3.0 : Margaret definitely means well.. However, her lectures seem disorganized and she is very monotone so it is usually difficult to stay interested. I wish she would try to be more interactive with the class rather than just talking to us.
3.0 : Very dull and dead classroom atmosphere. Attendance isn't taken in her lectures but she often leaves off information off the slides on D2L so you have to go to class to get them. Difficult to pay attention, very boring.
1.0 : Arun is not the prof for this course, but is covering for the real prof while she is on leave for a majority of the semester. Arun is a terrible instructor in person. He yells at you if you answer a question. He also does not let you ask questions about assignments. He always tells us that our (the students) jobs will be outsourced. Bad attitude.
4.0 : Great teacher, especially for an online class. Assignments were consistent. No team projects.
2.0 : Arun seems like a smart man, but his teaching style is horrific. He lectures at the class without care that no one is paying attention, and then when people do pay attention and ask questions he gets irritated and annoyed. He has ZERO patience, and doesn't explain things well so it's a bad combination.
1.0 : Least engaging/lecture heavy professor I've ever had. Makes attendance required solely because there's no point in attending his class otherwise. Grade depends on two exams, attendance, and a group project. Gets angry and grills students for trying to ask questions, yet complains when no one participates. Exams are easy, don't need the book, easy A
1.0 : I would never take a class with Arun again. He gets mad at students when they ask questions, and drones through the power points every class. Make sure to participate when he does ask questions though, because he'll give you 100% on your exams and not actually grade it. So you could bomb your exam and he'll give you 100%.
1.0 : Worst teacher. Lecture heavy and nobody pays attention. Wants you to ask questions but gets mad at you when you do and treats you like your dumb. Does not explain things at all. Said we all did good on the test and then tells the class a couple days later that we did bad. Very confusing. Take it with anyone else.
1.0 : Horrible professor. All he does all class hour is lecture about the same thing from previous class. He has BAD english grammar. He is lazy at grading. He doesn't care about the work being put into the essays! Everything he does is useless. Avoid taking his class!
1.0 : I hate his classes
1.0 : Does not allow laptops in class. Does not put in class slides on D2L or any study material for tests. Has unnecessary discussion posts daily. Not a good teacher and would not recommend.
2.0 : CS 351 is a hard class but his lectures made no sense. They do not supplement what you are learning at all. You have to sit there in case you get a quiz that day in lecture. Expect about 20 hours of homework a week if you get him for 351.
1.0 : Out of all 4 professors I could took, Cynthia is probably the WORST professor to pick. She is extremely picky and is a tough grader. She rush a lot of assignments and expects you to know how to do it. So if you want to take ART118, I'll pass this professor.
1.0 : Not a very good professor.  Learned more from the lab instructor.  All she did was read from the powerpoints.  Had a significant language barrier issue despite professing to be engaged with this material professionally.
2.0 : Teacher is complete bias to what she includes in lectures and exams. She was confronted a few times regarding inclusion of her opinion on midterms and finals. Unless you're a population health fanatic, AVOID!
1.0 : If there is somehow, some semester, a way to avoid him, do it.  He rushes through material. His voice actually lowers and he speeds up his cadence when going over complex equations. You do homework on difficult material BEFORE it is covered in class. He will deliberately blind side you on the exams and sucks all the joy out of learning.
1.0 : Terrible experience. Exams are insane and his teaching is sincerely lacking. Every exam is a guessing game with him and the content is far beyond what he teaches.
1.0 : Talks too fast, zero background info on subject matter. Nothing is fully explained and he rushes through everything. Absolutely awful class and terribly structured. The exams and class preps are not fair difficulty wise. Even if you try, expect to hardly pass.
3.0 : The class was pretty hard. do well on the first test because the material gets so much harder. Have to watch the lectures online before coming to class. made you feel a little dumb for asking some questions but would always answer. pretty good availability outside of class.
2.0 : I took the online section of his stats class. This was the most unorganized online class I have ever taken. The syllabus didn't reflect what actually happened, the homework would be posted extremely late in the week and was very time consuming. He almost never posted in the discussion section, it was like there was no professor at all!
1.0 : Stay away from him, that is all I have to say.
5.0 : This class wasn't bad at all and I was terrified because it's Stats. Joe is super chill and all of the homework assignments you basically get 100% on because the TA's aren't hard graders at all. There's daily worksheets in class for attendance purposes but he gives you all of the answers at the end of class. Able to use a note sheet on all exams.
1.0 : Exams are long and difficult - they often do not match the reviews, so be prepared to fully understand his long lectures in depth.
4.0 : The lectures move fast. If you do the reading from the textbook before class it will help you. Definitely go to discussion because the TA's prepare you really well and provide ample lecture/discussion slides. Attendance is a must if you want to get a good grade. He hands out worksheets &amp; goes over them in class. 1 pg of notes allowed for final
1.0 : Reads off of powerpoints and does not convey the material very well. Rarely worked a problem through and for the final he just gave answers to practice questions. I knew as much at the end of the semester as I did at the beginning. Gave some extra credit after the entire class asked him about it, but not enjoyable experience at all.
1.0 : Discussion helps with what you can't understand from lecture. Use SI. GO TO LECTURE it's 15% of your grade:  easy points. Computer project is  so easy and discussion is helpful(basically do the HW problems in class). Study over the 2 exams and the practice exams taken in lecture to help for the final. Retzer is smart but doesn't know how to teach.
1.0 : Awful teacher.  Lectures at you, doesn't check for understanding because he doesn't care.   Did not accept any suggestions from students.  He was set in his unsuccessful ways.  How can you teach this class without going through the problems with class?  Condescending and rude.  Take someone else.
1.0 : Do not take this professor, she is a heavy grader. She went too fast in every lecture, she made math more difficult than it is. I ended up failing this class and having to take it next semester. Trust me, I am a pretty decent student considering I placed into this class as a Freshmen, I know I am not bad at math. She is a harsh grader, DO NOT TAKE.
2.0 : She's kinda picky on projects and doesn't allow any complaining. If your late for class it'll affect your grade.
1.0 : Never ever ever take her. She makes class impossible. She isn't even a real professor, shes going to school still. Her readings are graduate  level and EXTREMELY difficult. I would NEVER take this class if I would've known who she is as a "professor"
1.0 : Talks down to students. Thinks she can never be wrong. Doesn't answer questions. Never disliked anyone more.
1.0 : Terrible professor, does not explain material. She gives very vague and general answers when students ask for specific answers or she tells you its in your text book. Loves to read off the power point. Be prepared to teach yourself and to be continually frustrated throughout the course. Also disrespected students frequently. Have fun.
1.0 : I will never take any of his classes ever again. I am typically an A student and I totally bombed this class. His tests are based on his opinion of the book. I emailed about 40 students from my class and they all said they same thing as me.
2.0 : Unless you're a history major that loves the Supreme Court, don't take this class. There's 100+ pages assigned a week and his grading is unclear. And if you ask for help because you failed the first exam (like a lot of us did) you will just be referred to the syllabus.
1.0 : Definitely one of the hardest classes I've ever taken. The test a very hard and based off of his opinion and not actually what happened. He's not willing to help you do better. Just sucks overall as a teacher. I recommend that you don't take him if you're thinking about it.
4.0 : If you're looking for easy Ad's, try community college. Professor Renda is a brilliant, but tough, history professor. To get an A, you'll have to work hard for it, but you'll leave the class better for it.
1.0 : The worst professor I have ever had. Doesn't care about students understanding of the subject, belittles students with condescending language, and lectures are impossible to follow unless maybe you have a background in statistics. Avoid at all costs.. Unfortunately, I couldn't since I needed this course and it was only available online.
1.0 : Lectures are so dry and boring they aren't worth attending. Tough grader (when you get your exams back 4 weeks after you took them) and gives way too many questions on exams to answer within the given time.
1.0 : Just reads from a powerpoint and does not explain anything clearly. There is a big gap between his lectures and the actual homework/quiz/exams. Pretty much you end up teaching yourself the material. He seems like a nice guy, but I think he needs to work on teaching a bit more and focus on applicable (worked out) examples when it comes to lectures
1.0 : She grades her entire class off of 4 papers (115 points) and participation/attendence (30 points). Most of the papers are based off personal opinion or experience but the highest grade I recieved was an 80%, another grade included a 50% for a paper that included everything asked for as well as meeting the page limit. Overall worst professor.
2.0 : I would expect that this guy would teach a little bit more clearer if people are struggling with understanding stuff based on the test that he gives in class. You would think that he would do better at putting things online to help us understand. Also he would do better to show up for actual lab times! He just needs to slow down and explain things!
2.0 : Professor Doran had nothing prepared for the lectures.  He used the Powerpoint slides prepared by the textbook and had nothing else to offer.  You go into the exams blind.  Make sure you read the text because nothing he discusses is on the exam.  Class is pointless.
2.0 : Professor Doran was a decent guy, but was particularly uninspiring instructor. The material was not difficult, however Mr. Doran gave confusing and lengthy study guides that only vaguely alluded to the material on his exams. Additionally, his lectures were very repetitive and Mr. Doran often went of on tangents about unrelated material.
1.0 : Patrick only uses the PowerPoints provided by the book and never stays on topic with those. He is the most difficult paper grader that I have ever had and only reads the first page then stops. He gives inconsistent feedback and gets angry if you ask a question about his grading.
1.0 : He's a nice guy but you can quickly tell that he's in way over his head teaching at UWM. He tells stories about his prior jobs and is extremely repetitive, repeating the same lectures verbatim sometimes more than once. He struggles with the scantrons and you have to basically be in charge of making sure your stuff is graded correctly. Totally bogus
2.0 : Neshat is an okay teacher, but her English skills are lacking and it shows on quizzes and grading criteria. She often misused words causing confusion for assignments which led to lower grades. This was an IT course, but I did not learn anything about IT. It was an international business class with some IT aspects, but not very much.
2.0 : If this class is not a requirement, DO NOT take it b/c you will learn nothing! There are 2 projects, 4 forums, and one final paper. All of these are paper that you work with in a group, but your own contributions usually end up being a paper by itself. All the papers are usually 20+ pages. Test and quiz are worded confusingly too
2.0 : If you liked high school, you'll like Kayla. She runs a tight class with strict policies. She takes attendance daily and will scold you if you're a few minutes late. Her class also requires lots of participation. You have to do lots of group work, as well as participate in mediocre games. Also, the use of any technology is forbidden.
1.0 : She's very hard to understand; she has a very thick accent and hard-to-read writing. She does not give clear directions. Group work is required. This was her first time teaching this course at UWM, so she's using the exact same slides and D2L format as the previous instructor that taught that course. I would never take her again.
1.0 : When you email questions/clarity, she either half answers or doesn't answer the question. Does some signs "her way" and not what the book does, even on exams. Expects some answers "her way" and not how the book teaches. Asked about a question she wanted answered "her way" she said I was not paying attention yet gave the class credit for the Q.
2.0 : It's not that Marta is test heavy, it's the fact that her tests are so hard and detailed, she docks points for any little thing, so she makes you work for the test grade. There are a few assignments, and she docks points on them too, but offers extra credit to make up the points. Overall an okay teacher.
1.0 : She is my lab TA currently and she is the worst TA I have ever had. Most TA's respect the students but Ramsey doesn't. It seems like she has too much power and knows it. She will belittle you in front of the class and let the class know you made the mistake. She treats the class like 1st graders instead of respected adults. Awful and terrible.
1.0 : Super unorganized and does not utilize D2L, she put in all of our grades the week before exam week and did not give us feedback on any of our papers until this week. She's a nice lady but because we got off on the wrong foot from a misinterpretation of a word in one of my emails, she hated me. Avoid using big words I guess? Idk
