1.0 : Prof Lee-Lopez spends the majority of the lecture musing to himself about seemingly unrelated material.  He may have a basic outline of what he wants to discuss, but there doesn't seem to be any point to any of it.  He is self-promoting, his lectures are disorganized, and I learned more from discussions from students than from him.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have met in College. His illness made it hard for him to speak clearly, but if you are willing to be patient, his thoughts and ideas will change your value system entirely. He has a crystal cleared mind based on rational deduction.  He is quite caring outside the classroom setting and willing to help you with all he has
5.0 : one of the most interesting and brilliant professors i have ever encountered. Ask him any question and he can answer it.
1.0 : Prof. Wagner is incredibly intelligent and available to help students, however lectures are inaudible due to his agehealth condition and irrelevant to material. Be prepared to learn everything by yourself.
1.0 : I never rate professors but I really wanna say something about this course. WORST physics course ever. He expects you to learn everything by yourself. I scored 5 on AP Physics but still suffer. Most of all, he doesn't explain anything, his lectures are superficial in that he can be self obsessed with a graph for 50 min. His tests are super hard.
1.0 : This guy might be smart or excellent but it is none of your business. I am so sad i had to drop this class after 1st midterm which made me only have 12 units for fall semester. I got 80 out of 200 and it was a B so you can imagine how hard his class is. Also even if you read whole book which is very long , it is still kinda irrelevant to tests.
1.0 : He is actually the worst professor I have ever had.  He is such a jerk and makes his exams so long and then shows up to class late to give them when we only have 15 minutes.  Try and avoid this professor at all costs.
4.5 : I took him about a year ago and his lectures were quite easy to follow. My friends took him the semester before me and as far as I understand he kind of changed his teaching style so that he is easier to follow now. He curves quite generously as well I would say that about a third of my class receives a solid A.
1.5 : AVOID THIS CLASS!!  I had signed up for another professor earlier, and because Arratia had "better" reviews, I decided to take MATH 114 with him- WORST DECISION. He arrived late, and never planned his lessons.  Material was all jumbled up. He's very smart, but he does not use his intelligence to his advantage
1.0 : Do not take his class. His lectures are completely unorganized and make no sense. He is very intelligent but has no idea how to teach what he knows. Basically you're better off not showing up to his lectures and just teaching yourself. And don't try going in for office hours because his office is a mess with no desk or seating space anywhere.
5.0 : Took his MATH407 Spring 2016. Exam questions came from quizzes. So you know what to prepare, instead of studying everything. That said, be ready to learn the basic yourself (or from TA) as the lectures expanded on it. He's the funniest professor I knew. His lectures were hilarious. Highly recommended.
1.0 : Has exceptional knowledge. But doesn't know hot to teach, the content is all jumbled up. Tough to score even an average grade.
1.0 : Avoid this class, he is the worst professor I've ever seen my life.  Also gave very bad grade. He is mean and his course is in disorder, just cannot learn anything from him.
1.0 : Lectures were of no use. Very Bad grading
1.0 : Probably the worst teacher in the history dept. Knowledgeable however also very knowledgeable in wrecking a topic. Like someone said trust the numbers hardly anyone takes this class. I think she's only in the dept because not many people want to teach what she teaches.
1.0 : Took her class 'Reading the Tale of Genji.' If you can take literally any other class, take that one. The worst professor ever. She would take 2-3 people's theses for the papers and put them up on the board to have everyone make fun of, even including your initials so people would know who it was. So cruel and cold. Several dropped the class.
4.0 : She's a demanding professor, but crazy knowledgeable. I enjoyed the class once I got used to the reading. She's not easy, but you'll learn a lot. You can't skip and you actually have to do the reading... students who didn't had problems. I didn't.
4.5 : By far the best professor I had while I was at USC. Very relevant coursework for anyone looking to actually work in the industry. Many of my classmates shared the opinions of the other reviewers. If you want to be a Web developer though,  why go to college at all.
2.0 : Professor Guralnick is a very nice professor but if you're someone who can't learn from lectures alone, I urge you not to take his class. He is a clear lecturer but isn't engaging and is not willing to deviate from the book in order to help students understand something better.
1.0 : Prof. Guralnick is a pretty terrible lecturer. I had to sit in one of his lectures for the Claremont Colleges math colloqium. I couldn't read anything he wrote on the whiteboard, and couldn't really hear him either because he was too quiet. I feel sorry for you students from USC if this guy is representative of your department's teaching abilities.
2.0 : Extremely boring, slow and unorganised professor. Will go into detail about unimportant topics. Lots of homework too but he's a nice guy and will extend the deadline if you need extra time. Got an A in the class but not because he was great at teaching but because the class is relatively easy and I already knew most of the topics from before.
3.0 : Prof Guralnick is a nice guy- he'll give you extensions and tries to help you at least pass the class. He isn't the best during lecture and thinks you know more than you actually do, but in office hours he is patient. Seems like a strict guy at first, but once you get to know him, he is very helpful. This class is DEFINITELY challenging though.
1.0 : Assignments are not thought through and are generally super clunky. Teacher has a habit of taking anger out on class. Teacher has a habit of taking anger out on specific students. Generally rude Generally unorganized Teacher likes to have many things due on same day Likes to give speed exams
1.0 : I think Niraj taught this class without understanding it much or he does not know how to teach math much. Many things about class could have been easier  but said in confusing manner.  Also, I don't think professor should teach 2 classes together as he gets too tired.
1.0 : Awful! His lectures consist of him rambling in front of the class for an hour. He isn't consistently at his office hours. He is completely unclear about grading criteria. There are way better Arts and Letters GEs don't take this one.
1.0 : I always choose GEs that sound interesting, regardless of their relation to my major and have generally ended up in great classes for each GE... Except this one. The class sounds interesting, but the professor is so incredibly full of himself and difficult and the chosen content is so boring that the class is actually horrendously boring. Beware.
4.5 : All of these reviews are awful! These people probably either failed or got yelled at because they were not paying attention. This is a very popular class with a long wait list. Very light workload, and if you're willing to learn you'll do fine. I suggest you read Tiffany's feedback on the professor feedback tab before making any rash decisions.
1.0 : The only reason the class has a wait-list is because the interesting titledescription lures in unsuspecting freshman who don't know about the course's reputation. He writes 1-2 page writing prompts but they still are incredibly unclear and redundant. His attitude can be incredibly patronizing at times, especially when seeking help.
1.0 : Upon entering as a freshman, I believed this class would be intriguing. However, Professor Tiffany absolutely sucked the life out of this entire course. His monotone monologue could put the most attentive person to sleep, and he truly believes he is the smartest man alive; if you disagree with his ideas, you are wrong in his eyes. DO NOT TAKE THIS!
1.0 : Daniel Tiffany is an arrogant and  hypocritical man.  He talks about the importance of learning and expanding our thoughts but he immediately shuts down any student who has a different opinion than he does . Don't let the course name fool you. This class is anything but beautiful.
4.5 : I actually really enjoy this class. It is my favorite class this semester. At first I did think he was very pompous and patronizing, but he's actually very smart and wants to hear what you say. We watch really interesting movies and the work is really easy.I think you just have to tune in to what he wants.
1.0 : I regret taking this class. In short, HEAVY hard to understand lectures. Goes off on tangents all the time. You get some readings,  3 papers, 1 group project. Feedback is useless unless you like being told you're wrong all the time for your own interpretations. Participation required as a grade. No clear guidelines. Get to watch some movies though.
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever had. If you enjoy being put on the spot and criticized then this it definitely the class for you.  He will grade you based on your participation in class, but when you finally build up enough confidence and answer his questions he'll make you feel very stupid and makes participating in class very discouraging.
2.5 : The class isn't that much work on a day to day basis. We basically only write 3 to 4 papers. Here's the catch- he's super confusing and specific about what he wants in the papers. However he'll help you develop your paper in office hours. Also, in class we watch some good interesting movies, but caution he'll talk for hours about them.
3.0 : The material is not what you think it will be. Some of it is interesting , however he makes everything complicated. The class is only worth it because no midterm or final and you get to watch four awesome movies.
1.0 : undoubtedly worst class I've ever taken. The course description  is deceiving. He is not lenient or flexible and he has very specific expectations for assignments; if you do not write exactly what he says in his lectures in the precise style he likes, you will not get a good grade. He also interrrupts anyone that tries to get a word in
1.0 : On beauty? He should figure out the meaning of beauty by himself first! I was totally fooled by the name and the description of the class, but the class is nothing but garrulous and wasteful. He is so verbose and his words have no meaning and are superfluous. Unless you want to ruin you semester, do not choose this class.
1.0 : There isn't much reading or hw throughout the year, but your grades are dependent on the few essays u write and participation. He barely lets students talk, and when he does, he just makes them feel stupid. He is extremely verbose but his words contain little value because they contradict each other. The course description is very misleading.
2.0 : The main goal of his lectures is getting his opinion across; he'll mainly just talk about what he thinks, and if he calls on someone he'll either cut them off as soon as they say what he wanted or interrupt them with what he thinks. Class is easy enough though with little reading, and he'll give you an A if you parrot back what he says in class.
1.0 : I was expecting much more from this proffesor. He is now teaching at the univerity of miami.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! Incredibly smart! Many of the reviews here are not true! Be sure to ask questions and take notes.
1.5 : Jumps right into problems without previously explaining concepts; he does not know how to teach the subject. You have to read the book and make sense of it on your own. Going to office hours can be helpful sometime. He is a nice guy, but I felt lost most of the semester.
1.0 : You're basically doing the same thing over and over, but because he is such a bad teacher, you may not due as well as you like. The tests are homework problems (there's like 120 problems for each chapter and you're tested at 3 chapters at a time). but seriously, he doesn't know how to teach, even though he tries to. oh and he's a nice guy lol
2.0 : Tries to teach, but doesn't really know how to unfortunately. The class is basically self-taught. Going to lecture isn't really worth it. I ended up learning everything from the textbook. Nice guy though.
2.0 : Lectures were pointless but if  you studied off the textbook the exams were manageable. He says he won't curve the class but probably ended up doing it anyways since the average on the midterms were usually around 50%. Best bet is just to study out of the textbooks and watch YouTube videos to learn the material rather than going off lecture notes.
2.0 : The course is interesting but he makes it boring. Did a medley of different topics. Did not stick to one path. Destroys the purpose of taking this class if you learn bits and pieces of everything instead of focusing on the hot topics in the cloud industry. Exams involve mugging and repeating.
1.0 : 5 level difficulty is because exams are all mugging up and filling in blanks of his slides, but there are thousands of slides, any preparation for exams is helpless. If you have past exam paper, you would definitely have at least A-. Homework costs lots of time, and you would only learn how to download softwares. His teaching is rubbish.
1.0 : WORSE COURSE OF MY LIFE
1.0 : He is very bad at teaching . I attended all the classes from day one and couldnt understand his single lecture. I got bad grade in the end. He made his course very tough. Only source to get marks is mug the slides. I cant mug up and got c grade. Knowledge at the end is zero
3.0 : it is ok.....
1.0 : Worst professor I've ever seen.  He showed no respect and responsibility for his job.  Exams were all mug up.
1.0 : Very bad class.
2.0 : this subject in USC is seriously a joke. Worst subject ever. You don't learn any concept, you also screw your grades. They try to teach everything from virtualization, machine learning, Big data analytic. Obviously, all of  these can't be taught in a class, and you end up learning nothing. Exams are mostly mugging up about all the cloud companies.
1.0 : Very very bad professor. Does not explain anything in class and excepts to mug up the slides for the exam. Assignments are also of no use.
4.0 : Definitely take him for 338. Everything is straightforward and consistent. If you write down all the equations on your formula sheets you will do well on all the midterms. The final is more conceptual and graph based, but Cronin tells you everything you need to know in class.
1.0 : Prof says things that contradict themselves. But an easy class to take.
1.0 : It's hard to follow during lectures if you don't already know the material.
1.0 : His class is really boring which makes students feel asleep and he cannot give lecture very clearly and really not responsible for students and class. If he cancelled a class, he even don't want to make up it. REALLY  BAD!!!
2.0 : Class started with 20 students,By mid-term only 6 was left.
1.0 : really nice guy but his lectures are just so dull. I had to learn most of the content from the textbook and homework which were decent quality.
1.5 : Difficult to understand, extremely boring, and the tests were impossible. Terrible experience.
2.5 : Nice guy, strong knowledge in finance but, terrible lecturer. Attendance is taken at random points throughout the semester so you have to go to class, even if you learn nothing while you're there.
1.0 : very bad at teaching and his own written quiz doesnt make sense. tests doesnt have nothing to do with the lectures. try to avoid him.
2.0 : He's a scatterbrain. Not very good at teaching. Notes can get kind of messy, but if you understand the homework, you should be fine.
1.0 : This was my 3rd class with Professor Lee and he makes my life a living hell. His lectures make no sense - he writes all over the place and makes mistakes. Nobody has any idea what is going on, not even the super smart students. His tests were impossible and the averages were well below 50%. At least he's a character and super funny though.
1.0 : I took the class in Fall 2014. At the beginning I was really excited about the course. But as the days passed, I found that the course is of no use as professor just came in class, derived the equations in the same manner as book, hardly explained anything to students or paid any attention towards them. I did not like the class at all.
2.0 : He is confusing. It's better to make a study group and you should teach each other. TAs were not very helpful either. Didn't really need the book but I suggest it so you can teach yourself. Good luck.
1.5 : Dr. Golubchik is a poor lecturer. She does not appear to enjoy interacting with students at all and is standoffish in her office hours. You must learn the material on your own. You should read the book and do all homework problems, then you'll probably be OK. The final is very similar to the quizzes, which are very similar to the homework.
1.0 : If she said that the final will be similar to quiz and homework, never trust her, it's totally different. Preparation is meaningless for final. Besides, you have to read every chapter in detail, so, get ready to learn by yourself.
2.5 : All these people who are complaining about not being able to get an A are gonna have a rude awakening at this university. I took the class and simply made sure to do outlines for each midterm in detail and went to each lab and did my best for those two hours. I never went to the actual class and i still killed it. Don't trip, its pretty transparent
3.0 : He is super nice, although he is so boring. His test is the exact same as his power point slides, so if you go to lecture you will be fine, but lectures are long.
1.0 : WORST CLASS EVER - AVOID TAKING AT ALL COSTS. everyone i know got 50s on the tests -- and they were happy about it!! the most boring lectures i've ever had to sit through, and NONE OF the 3 professors can manage to keep the class to pay attention - biggest waste of time -- can't believe this class is still being offered at USC.
5.0 : Kiefer is the nicest man on this earth he makes you feel like you're his favorite grand kid. He does yoga too and cares a lot about the subject.
1.0 : One of my least favorite classes taken at USC. It was very hard to get a good grade in this class. There were 2 midterms and a final and I barely passed them, even with studying the material. He teaches as if everyone is a bio major. If you are not the best with science - avoid this class at all costs. The curve saved my grade.
5.0 : I love dale kiefer he is the nicest man alive and he is an awesome teacher.
5.0 : great professor
1.0 : This class is terrible. It is difficult to get good marks on Midterms and the lectures are just too long and uninformative. I would look for a different GE to take as he believes everyone is a Bio major and does not make any of the information understandable to non majors.
2.0 : BISC 102 is not an easy GE. Kiefer's lectures are very confusing and hard to follow, and his study guides are basically just a list of everything he's taught - completely useless. Very confusing, the TA's help with the labs but often give the wrong answers. Avoid taking it as a letter grade.
2.0 : one of the easiest classes that you can take as GE.  you don't even have to go the class, since you get all the presentations. lab doesn't require that much effort. only three popquizes which you will be fine with. he is not the best teacher but he is really nice which makes the class easier. take this class and you'll be fine for sure!!!!
1.0 : He truly is the most arrogant and disrespectful person I have ever had the displeasure of meeting.  While he is knowledgable, you can read a book for that same knowledge.  Avoid interacting with this man at all costs.  He is a miserable human being and is nasty to every person around him
2.0 : Professor Haw is genuinely very intelligent and can be helpful if you reach out to him. His lectures tend to be on the dull side, however, and his tests are not an accurate representation of material covered in class. He expects a lot from students that aren't necessarily in the environmental studies department.
1.5 : Professor Haw is one of the worst professors ever. The problem is that he is incredibly smart and knowledgeable, and he knows it. He is condescending to students and so incredibly boring to listen to. He doesn't know how to teach AT ALL. Avoid at all costs, if possible.
3.0 : Professor Haw may seem cold at first, but if you get to know him you will realize he's an incredibly kind, warm man with a great sense of humor. His heart is in the right place and his smile is contagious. He is passionate about what he teaches (and his dogs) so don't be shy to ask him questions. This 2-week summer course in the desert was amazing!
2.0 : Haw is brilliant and an interesting guy but his class is extremely monotone. The trips to Borrego Springs are unrelated to the course material. Tests are very very hard and there is a long project. I would not take again.
3.5 : I really enjoyed this course and Professor Haw. At first Professor Haw seemed angry, but it soon became clear that he just wanted us to learn well. This class was a great experience and there was something for every major there. I would definitely take this class again!
3.5 : This CORE 103 PWP was one of my favorite experiences. It's hard to connect with Professor Haw at first (as evidenced by all those terrible reviews for his GE class) but he's so brilliant and he knows the area of Borrego Springs so well. You stay at a beautiful desert institute and talk with astronomers, geologists, and more. TAKE THIS CLASS.
2.0 : The professor is not as kind as he looks like. He made the course EE503 extremely tough. I spent most of my time on it but only got a B. BY the way, most of my classmates got B or B-. The course taught by him is obviously harder than any other professors.
1.0 : The worst professor I have ever met. He even don't want to attend the office hour and always have excuse to refuse answering questions. He never care whether you understand or not and give very hard questions in the exams and give almost all the student B and B-. Although I spent a lot of time on it, finally got a bad result and learnt nothing.
2.5 : the lectures are not clear and the classes where boring. HWs were fine but the grader is horrible and you have to fight for hw grades. He's helpful if you ask for it. and even accepts late submissions. He's a nice person in general but the classes are boring.
2.0 : He's a nice guy but he's not the person who you can learn a lot from. He gave final project that is unreasonably complicated to the class and didn't even teach the detail but the superficial concept for designing PLL. One of the worst thing is the TAs had no experience in designing similar project and couldn't help much.
1.0 : To the students: Faculty doesnt help at all. He is a part time faculty and there is less time for him to hold office hours. But his slides(pdf) are enough to study. Make sure u are doing your work properly. Score as high as possible in Homeworks and Lab. Make sure u are scoring above average in his Midterms.
2.5 : He's a okay professor. Doesn't cover entire course. Very slow. His lectures are not clear, leads to many confusions. You won't pass if you don't attend his classes. And he'l only asks topics from his lectures for exams whether they are correct or incorrect. But good thing is labs are easy and assignments will make you think! You can learn from HW's
1.0 : Run as far away as possible. If you cant find spot in other sections, just wait out and enroll in next semester. Just do not register in his class.
1.5 : Has a bunch of old scanned notes and just goes over the same few topics entire semester. Neither breadth nor depth in his teaching.  And oh boy, the exams are poorly worded. Even if you know the stuff, you can't score well because you didnt understand his questions.
1.0 : Worst teacher ever. He gave terrible lectures and tests that were irrelevant to the material he taught in class.
5.0 : Spectacular course. You come in, hear an amazing professor present on the research that they're doing, and send a two sentence email to Prof. Sullivan about what you found interesting before the class meets again the following week. Great for undergraduates looking for opportunities to get involved in research.
1.0 : Worst professor I've had at USC. Thinks that the purpose of the class is to brag about his life achievements. Goes on long irrelevant tangents and would more often than not, not finish the powerpoint slides, there were usually like 76 slides per powerpoint. Stresses things that will be on the midterm and goes a different direction.
3.0 : Fulman is extremely smart. He goes through lecture very quickly &amp; tends to skip steps when doing problems. That being said, he really cares about the curriculum &amp; does his best to help you understand. He's also a very fast grader. Quizzes, no homework, 2 midterms, final. Do as many problems as you can. Study hard for the final and you'll be fine.
1.0 : Very bad professor. The worst! Basically just ask you to do all the practice problems in the book. I have seen such a prof. Usually, profs will pick some important problems to let you do, but he just ask you to do everything! Boring lecturer! He is so bad, please avoid him! Unclear lecture.
1.0 : Read the textbook and do homework from other professors' website, that's how you learn all about probability.
1.0 : Take this class with a different professor.  Everything he writes or says is word for word from the textbook.  Make sure you go to discussion as it is the only chance to be taught the material. Lectures are very dry.  Quizzes count for 25% of your grade (most math classes they count for 10%).  Make the textbook your best friend.
2.0 : If you are fine with self-studying and don't like homework, Fulman is not that bad. He makes basic linear algebra seem like mere calculations, and this is both a good and a bad thing. The A is really doable (with cheat sheet for tests), but at the same time, you realize that you still do not get the ideas and purposes behind. Textbook is your buddy
1.0 : Waste of time! Not once does he actually introduce and teach a concept. He merely writes examples straight from the book all class on the board. Class attendance is not necessary, you can merely read the book and you'll be fine. Section is also optional. Bad prof. Not helpful at all! If you ditch class and read the book, though its not as bad
1.5 : He is one of the most boring lecturers. He doesn't teach the material so its all slef taught. However, hes a really good person and has your best interests at heart. Show up to either lecture or discussion (or none) and you'll do fine. As long as you study for the tests (which are easy) you'll do well. there is a large ish curve.
1.0 : Make your textbook as your BFF for the next 4 months; that's how you'll understanding anything from this class.
1.0 : We are more than thrilled to know that she is retiring, finally!!!  All her teaching "methods" were outdated and she had no enthusiasm to keep on going.  We need energetic and synergistic people.
1.5 : Extremely busy with no interest to teaching
1.0 : The professor is not bad at all. It's just the course is poorly designed with intense math that makes one of the most interesting topics in modern computer science intensely boring with a lot of math and no intuitive thinking and practical experience. The course was supposedly to be redesigned in Fall 17, however I don't think it has changed a bit.
1.0 : Professor doesn't give any samples - please don't take this course for credit! Go for Andrew NG's course on Coursera.
1.0 : Very bad experience. Letter grade comes out without telling the examprojecthw scores. Even no examHW solutions !!! HWs are boring and time consuming.
1.0 : One of the worst professors/teachers I've ever had. His notes are error ridden and unreliable, his lectures are confusing, and his exams have the lowest average of the class because of his inability to teach, and he is in charge of the most difficult section of the course. Absolutely avoid if you can, it is an awful experience with him.
1.0 : Avoid this teacher at all costs. His lectures are useless and he makes mistakes all the time. You can still do well in the class if you put the work in, but expect to do a lot of self-teaching. He also berates students for not coming to his office hours, but his office hours suck and are pointless.
1.5 : Bar none the worst experience I have ever had with a professor. Not a single lecture was free of mistakes. He can barely understand students' questions, let alone hear anything. He teaches things that aren't in the book and gives you NO RESOURCES to compensate. I wish I dropped this class when I had the chance and took it somewhere else. AVOID!!!
1.0 : By far the worst professor I've had at USC.  Writes his lectures on notecards that he copies directly on the board.  Full of mistakes and is not uncommon to test on topics he forgot to teach.  Spends the majority of lecture on one problem then introduces new concepts in the last 5 minutes of class.  Blames students and gets angry with low scores.
1.0 : Read the book (Klein/ Textbook). I thought most students were exaggerating when they said he was a bad professor, but they are not. He doesn't answer student's questions, makes continuos mistakes while lecturing (and takes a long time to convince him to correct it), and grades you on unseen material. Good luck
1.0 : Just awful. Homework consists of paging through the book looking for the question so you can copy it over. The catch? It's a 400 page book, and you have no idea what chapter to read. You will be tested on about 5-6 of the 2000 formulas presented to you in reading the textbook, which is, by the way, the only way to learn anything of the material.
1.0 : Professor Hatanaka lacks clarity and communication regarding assignments. He does not utilize Blackboard and is terrible at returning emails.
1.0 : He is literally one of the worst teachers I've ever had. Got mad all the time at people and gave us assignments and tests that were so much harder than a 2 unit course should have been… He takes no constructive criticism, and expects his intro class to be the center of your world.
1.0 : Has absolutely no clue how much work is appropriate for a 2 unit class. The midterm is also incredibly confusing and he does not define the parameters Then there's the issue of his attitude and his lying... He treats students horribly  and  will speak down to them if they ask any question.  Worst professor of my 4 years.
2.0 : Very heavy class although respected in Neuroscience field. By the way, he doesn't know how to simplify stuff. Basically, he copy research the whole research paper onto a slide and expect you to understand all.
1.0 : Super hard class
1.0 : He expects everyone to know everything at first
1.0 : he thinks he teachers well.
1.0 : He cares about students, but he doesn't know what is best for students. Keeps giving you all the research he has done to impress himself and to show them to you how great he is.
1.0 : He has literally 30% for each mid-terms, and he is lazy to the point that its 2 midterms plus a 40% finals (30+30+40100). Imagine the pressure.
1.0 : I'd say he is too well educated on the field, which makes him too confident that everyone will understand what he thinks.
1.0 : 4 words - I changed my major. After this class.
2.0 : Obviously incredibly passionate about his work. But he has trouble simplifying material for students. His powerpoint don't explain anything. They are numerous experiments and studies put together and its up to you to figure out their importance and relevance in the bigger picture. Wants you to do well though, and encourages questions and meetings.
1.0 : This guy is kind of hilarious. he is kind of old, but it's okay. The worse part is that he taught materials too fast and expects you to understand them all. There are at least 300-400 slides with heavy word count in each slides for each exam.
1.0 : His lectures are very unstructured, he continues on pointless tangents for the entirety of the class. It's sad because he is a smart and talented person but just is not a talented professor.
2.0 : Biederman is an amazing researcher who clearly has a passion and knowledge of the material. That being said it seems he has trouble adapting to the level of students. Tests can be incredibly hard. That being said he's pretty entertaining, may be hard but overall.. I kind of like him.
1.0 : Lecture dry and too heavy. He expects everyone to know everything.
1.0 : Worst professor I've had at USC to date. No doubt that Dr. Biederman is a brilliant researcher, but brilliant researcher does not equal good teacher, unfortunately. Lectures are confusing and muddled. Would not take this class if not required for this major--would actually consider changing majors to avoid this class with this professor.
1.0 : So I'm a neuroscience premed, so when I first read the reviews here I thought people were just lazy, but boy was I wrong. His slides are very disorganized and he doesn't even talk coherently. So you end up having questions flying at him for half of the class, and half of the exams material are from some tiny detail that he picked from 200p reading.
4.0 : Dr. Biederman's class in undoubtedly a tough course. However, his passion and enthusiasm for the field of cognitive neuroscience guides you in the right direction. I recommend staying on top of the reading, asking questions, and being prepared to devote effort to do well.
4.0 : Dr. Biederman's course is by no means an easy class. But he is undoubtedly passionate about the material which guides you through the process. Be prepared to stay on top of the lengthy chapters, ask questions, and devote time in order to do well.
3.0 : Multiple choice questions he writes are just as confusing as how he talks. However, if you attend class and sit in the front you'll get used to the same phrases he likes which is key to choosing right answers. Book questions are arbitrary, he just chooses from publisher's set of questions. Talk to him a lot and he'll remember you for e.c.
1.0 : please do not take this class. its ACTUALLY the worst decision I've ever made. He is a horrible professor who loves lecturing and his own opinion. he will legit not care about other peoples ideas. his grading is absolute bull and gives no feedback. this is the WORST class and USC with the WORST professor in the world. no joke. pls don't take
2.5 : 3 papers. Everyone does poorly on the 1st, while the second is easy. No midterm or final. group project. Barely any homework-short reading when there is. He has poor reviews because he is confusing when giving lectures. Take notes, participate in class and just look like you are paying attention-you'll be fine. He will help you.
1.0 : This class is honestly one of the least enjoyable experiences of my life. Every time I had to go to class I would dread it, but be warned the description for this course is not what it seems. The professor is the most arrogant, condescending, and overall rude to students and dismissive of all ideas that aren't his. Just don't take this class.
2.5 : Daniel is extremely contradictory. There are 3 papers and for the second half of the semester you watch movies for most of the class period. The class can be excruciatingly boring, but try to participate every once in a while because Daniel will constantly badger you if you don't. The class isn't  too difficult but email him for help with papers.
1.0 : You only have to write 3 papers and do 1 group proj. BUT!!! His classes are monologues, and always interrupts students and dismisses their thoughts. If you dont write EXACTLY what HE wants, expect a C. He's passionate about this class, but what does it matter when he contradicts himself and makes no sense? Do not let the course description fool u.
1.0 : Dr. Erickson oversees the CHEM105A and CHEM105B courses at USC. Throughout the semester I corresponded with her on a couple of occasions. Each time, she was rude to the point of condescension and absolutely inaccessible. Beyond that, she was unwilling to take responsibility for her errors. Dr. Erickson's lack of respect for her students was clear.
1.0 : Erickson is rude to students and is not encouraging. I did well in gen chem at USC (A-), but it was no thanks to this woman. I hated how this course was managed so much, that I took ochem at a different school over the summer to avoid USC's Chem department. I found this course's administrators to be the biggest barrier to me enjoying this class.
1.0 : She should have explained concepts more thoroughly instead of going over the simplistic topics. This class was not helpful. She is extremely disrespectful to her students and even singled out a student in an email to the class. I am surprised at how someone in her position, who should be representing the Chem dept, could be so unprofessional.
1.0 : She was rude to students and refuse to admit her fault. She took off 10 points from my tests just because my answer was not the example in the textbook (but my answer was also correct), and refuse to give me my points. Avoid her!!!
1.5 : His lecture note was literally a copy of the textbook, only a lousier one. Better to read on your own than to go to class.
1.0 : DONT TAKE HIS COURSE IF YOU WANT A DECENT GPA. I warned you.
1.0 : Avoid this prof. Very boring lectures. Didn't learn anything at all
1.0 : Way too much talking and way too much complaining. She is without doubt the worst professor at USC. So glad I never have to see her again.
2.0 : Rotem is a nice person but be prepared to do a lot of extra work on your own. Attendance is mandatory and she forces you to do a lot of participation in class. You don't really learn anything from the lectures. You learn more from the small handouts she gives then from the lectures. Make sure you know your facts otherwise she'll rip you apart.
2.0 : No tests, only projects but her TAs grade harshly for a lower division course. She always seems flustered while lecturing and her powerpoints contain no useful information. She also picks the most boring examples of films to screen.
1.0 : Some of the material is cool to learn about, but Serna's assignments are impossible. She is also not too helpful. She loves herself for going to Harvard.
1.0 : Worst class I've ever taken in my whole life. I cannot recall how many times I fell asleep in her class. Extremely boring and strict grader.
3.0 : Serna is a nice person, and reasonable. I sent an email to ask her to change a class policy that was too restrictive and she went above and beyond in accommodating me. The problem is that her slides are crazy. They make no sense and I can never tell where in the lecture outline we are. You can listen to the lectures and somehow not learn anything.
4.5 : I didn't love the class, but Professor Serna made the lectures interesting.  She was always very well-organized and clear with her delivery of information.  They don't take attendance in the lectures, but there is no textbook (only a course reader) so you have to go in order to get the information.
1.0 : The WORST. The worst the worst the worst. If her class wasn't mandatory, no one would take her. Avoid at all cost! She is contradicting, rude, and treats her college students like remedial kindergarteners.
1.0 : "Whatever, thing, kind of, sorta, that stuff..." "Most of you were probably born after 1889" are all things you are likely to hear in this class.
1.0 : Serna has a very interesting way of making a subject as uninteresting and annoying as possible. Do not take.
1.0 : Unprofessional, disorganized, horrible. Most of her lecture is spent figuring out technical difficulties and getting herself "together". DO NOT TAKE. RUN.
1.0 : Lectures are very scatter-brained and even cringe-worthy by trying to relate to students with memes and Beyoncé. She will interrupt her own lecture to comment on students coming in late/leaving early with rude remarks and often is condescending because she "went to Harvard." This class is not useful or applicable to those pursuing a career in film.
1.0 : She will be in the middle of her sentence and someone raises their hand to ask a question and she will stop everything she's doing to answer it. It drives me crazyyyyy. We also seem to have technical difficulties every class. She's passionate about the subject though, and tries to get the class excited too.
1.0 : A soundless, black &amp; white, slow-motion train wreck of a class. Discussion sections are fascinating in how little everyone in the room, TA included, wants to be there. The most thrilling part of the three hour lectures is trying to go to the bathroom without Serna yelling at you in front of 200 students for leaving. God bless anyone in this class.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. The most useless and boring class I have ever taken. Lectures were 3 hours long, most didn't even go because they're so useless. 4 papers to write, just don't take this class.
1.0 : Lectures are brutal, she knows what she's talking about but you'll hate it more than anything, ridiculously boring. Not an understanding professor so don't try to get sympathy for being late with an assignment. Many assignments, one right after the other. Definitely do not recommend this course.
2.0 : The powerpoints were unorganized and often provided no useful information to what she was talking about. She always had technical issues. Felt like she was reading essays rather than teaching. Course assignments bear no relevance to actual lecture content, rendering the attendance useless. This content was only brought up in the final exam.
4.0 : She is an amazing professor who is driven by passion for teaching. She can be harsh at times, but she is very supportive if you are able to work hard and show improvement. She is always willing to give you feedback.
1.0 : Serna is by far my least favorite professor at USC so far, and I'm in my first semester of my senior year. She doesn't teach, she just reads off slides most of the time. Her TA's are fantastic! But that's about it. Her "take home" final is the worst. It isn't a final. It's a 12 page research paper within itself. Avoid this class!
1.0 : one of the worst people i have ever had the displeasure of encountering. super dismissive, annoying voice, grades harshly, and the take home final is pretty much another research paper. i genuinely hate this class and have lost all my interest in this subject since meeting her.
2.0 : Grading criteria was not clear at all. Grades very harsh. If you want to do well, you REALLY have to work for it. Class would have been fine otherwise, but the disparity between the assignment guidelines and graded feedback made this class an unpleasant experience.
2.5 : Very confusing and terrible lectures, didn't use any examples. I taught myself from the book after he left me confused every class. He was helpful in office hours though. Graded exams with little partial credit and gave us lots of surprises. The class had a big curve, probably because we had the lowest average test scores.
1.0 : Uses very confusing mathematical jargon, and speaks extremely fast in lecture. Very difficult to understand.  Get comfortable reading the text book
1.0 : Extremely unhelpful lectures  I learned from the textbook and my TA (who is good). After the first few weeks, no one really shows up to class. Assigns a TON of homework each week. He's a ridiculously hard grader for tests  if you forget to divide by 2, well it's minus 15 pts for you! Everyone's failing. It's great. Never take this guy.
2.0 : Lectures aren't very helpful; more than half the people stop showing up within the first few weeks. Better use Youtube and the Internet. Assigns weekly homeworkm that took me 4hrs in the beginning of semester, but 6hrs towards the end. Tests aren't that hard but in my case everyone did pretty well so don't expect a curve.
1.0 : Terrible professor. Unhelpful and unclear lectures as well as ridiculous grading standards. Shoutout to Samet who was a great TA  the class is still tough though.
1.5 : Asok made Calc III much harder than it needed to be. His lectures are impossible to follow. Not only does he speak absurdly fast, but he explained concepts using higher mathematical terms that none of his students could understand. He assigns obscene amounts of weekly homework, and his tests are really difficult. He also takes ages to grade exams.
2.0 : It's actually more efficient to learn from the textbook and online than going to his lectures. That should tell you something about his teaching style. Also assigns an obscene amount of homework every week and is worth a significant portion of your grade. Though if you do your homework well, it really prepares you for the exams, so there's that.
1.5 : He has a great attitude and is very alive in class, however I found myself teaching myself out of the book rather than his lectures. He spends most of the lectures solving extremely complex math problems but not explaining the simple steps behind them. Whenever I asked for help, he would not explain the problem I was asking about.
1.0 : He can be very unclear about everything he teaches. Good attitude. However, he is not that clear when he teaches and asking questions does not help too much.
1.5 : very confusing. talks way too fast--can't listen and write down everything at the same. office hours were not helpful. self-taught myself just about everything for this class. would not recommend
1.0 : DROP THE CLASS. TAKE THE W
2.0 : He assignes an enormous amount of homework which is graded every week. He talks very fast in lectures making it very hard to understand what he is saying or take any notes in his class.
1.0 : She talked really low and her tests were very difficult
1.0 : She is the most horrible professor I have ever had! Do NOT take her classes ever unless you have to. She does not care about the students at all, and her attitude is just sickening!
1.0 : She is among the worst professors so far. She is very unhelpful, and disrespectful at times. I would not recommend her classes at all unless you have to take them.
1.0 : She is just not good. At all. She does't seem to really even know what she's doing, and she markets the class as "easy"   (you have to get a 95 to get an A) and then makes the exams extremely difficult. She takes attendance so you have to go but in order to succeed you have to teach the material to yourself.
1.0 : She never know what she is talking in her class if there is no lecture in front of her!
1.0 : Simply awful teacher. She could hardly answer any questions the class had and lecture is both boring and useless. She'd just read off powerpoints that still didnt make sense. Only reason to go to class was mandatory attendance. Definitely the worst class and teacher I've had to sit through. The exams and homework are also not what she covers at all
1.0 : Worst professor I have ever had. She couldn't even answer questions we had about confusing questions on her own tests, and would tell us she wasn't going to argue about it with us. She didn't want what she was talking about, so she would talk quietly and in circles. Her power points didn't help at all, and her tests were hard, not what she taught.
5.0 : Sue is a beacon of hope for med students everywhere. She gave me the succ and it was all history from there. 3
4.0 : Dr. Ingles is a  pretty good professor. I honesty do not understand why her rating is so low on rate my professor. She's pretty clear and to the point. Her lectures aren't uber interesting, but it's also an introductory statistics class. I think she does a good job with the class. Very nice lady and will try her hardest to answer questions.
1.0 : Very boring class, she doesn't really teach. You have to go home and teach your self because she just reads the lecture slides. midterm is conceptual, minimal calculations so you really have to understand what statistics is. Homework not a good representive of the midterm. Don't take this class unless your really good at teaching yourself.
4.0 : The class itself is the same regardless of the professor you take, so Ingles isn't really the problem. It's easy enough to teach yourself from the slides alone and they take attendance. She's very good about telling you what will be on the midterm, but expect that to be pretty conceptual.
2.0 : Professor Rodman is extremely knowledgeable of film, but if you aren't a cinema major you will have a lot of trouble in his class. The grading criteria is extremely unclear and he grades toughly.
1.0 : This class was nothing but a waste of my time and efforts. The Indie movies you watch are very tasteless; some were OK, unfortunately most were terrible. The grading criteria is tough &amp; very unclear. I thought this was a screenwriting class unfortunately, it was nothing but a analytical review of compare and contrast of movies that are terrible.
1.0 : This mandatory lab for USC students who want to learn chemistry. If I could choose, I would never choose to go with this professor. She is extremely mean and awful. If you are a perspective undergraduate student, do APs and skip this class. I do not why USC hire her since other teachers are much friendly and helpful.
1.0 : Two semesters with her and both myself and my pre-medicine peers agree that Skibo is the most unhelpful &amp; vague instructor. No matter what you come to her for she will belittle you and leave you feeling small rather than wanting you to understand something and succeed. Get ready to decode lab manuals &amp; be confused on simple things thanks to her.
1.5 : It is not a surprise why Dr. Skibo appears so young yet has already taught at three different universities. She is absolutely intolerable. Her lab manual is, at worst, incomprehensible, and at best it lacks specific key information. Unfortunately, general chemistry is a required class for my major and her lab is the only option. Good luck.
1.0 : Without question the worst professor I have ever had.  She is rude to students and her lab manual is riddled with spelling errors.  I learned very little from lab and spent more time working on my lab reports than studying for exams due to the extremely petty nature of many of the assignments.  USC should be embarrassed to have her on staff.
1.0 : The lab reports are ridiculously long, confusing, and take up way more time than they should. She now has a tedious online system, which makes you spend even more time uploading graphs and data. Not to mention all your work could be deleted at any moment if your login times out. And you spent all this work for a mere twenty points. Terrible
1.0 : the source of my tears. a truly terrifying woman.  she seems nice enough 1 on 1 but is scary enough that my goal is to never be with her 1 on 1. unfortunately, required for gen chem.
1.0 : The worst educator I have ever experienced at any education institution in my lifetime. Skibo is rude, condescending, and will never help you with anything. I sincerely find it difficult to believe that she is still at USC.
1.0 : Skibo was a poor professor that I could not learn anything from her lecture. When I asked her questions, she was very unfriendly and mean. I really hated her attitude and I did not want to see her unless required.
1.0 : Seems like life did her wrong already as far as aesthetics, so I understand why she takes anger out by being mean lol. Anyhow very inspirational person; she taught me the qualities to never look for in a woman... GOD BLESS HER FOR THAT. I am also surprised she was never casted for Harry Potter or the Grinch That Stole Christmas.
1.0 : This is probably the worst professor one could ever endure for a lab.  I specify for the lab because if you take organic chemistry at USC you will certainly find there are exceptions.  She is competitive with students, apathetic, and the lab manual is absolute garbage.  Post labs often take 8 hours and do not relate to the class at all.
1.0 : Unapproachable woman. I don't know why the chemistry department doesn't hire someone that the students can actually communicate with without the fear of being judged for not being absolutely perfect or having the knowledge of  someone with 5 PhDs.
1.0 : A W F U L. There was a post-lab that CLEARLY integrated sources for everyone to answer questions on and it took hours to complete but she gave 0's to more than half of the class because of "citation". We could have just saved those hours and turned in empty post-labs to get the same score. Honestly, 10/10 would not recommend.
1.0 : Lab manual is terrible. Labs are painfully long and overly complicated. Does not enhance learning the way a lab should.
1.0 : She is so rude to students, and very difficult to approach. If you are having a problem with lab, exhaust all other resources (TA, professor, etc.) before coming to talk to her. Because it most likely won't help.
1.0 : absolutely the worst professor at USC. Labs are boring and what we did in the reports does not help us understand the materials of the course at all.
1.0 : Absolutely terrible experience with Skibo as lab director. She doesn't care about students and does all she can to discourage instead of encourage. She has a terrible attitude and shows no ambition of helping students achieve their goals, not to mention the terrible lab book/program alone. She needs to change her attitude or leave this school.
1.0 : terrible professor. extreme attitude problem. pretentious teaching style. not helpful at all. decreases motivation. superfluous lab details that don't aid overall learning. doesn't enjoy being around students.
1.0 : Without a doubt the worst teacher I've encountered in all my years of education. She is very angry at the world because she's an overweight 6'4 giant with no aesthetics. Unfortunately, she takes this anger out on students which is why she will likely be fired. Whenever I asked her questions she was very condescending and never gave clear answers
1.0 : She is the worst professor I have ever had. She doesnt help at all and gets mad if you try to ask her for help. Do anything possible to avoid her. Lab manual is awfully written and her lab exam was the hardest most useless test ever. Do anything you can not to ever talk to her or come into any sort of contact.
1.0 : She get the awards to be the worst person I met throughout my education. Very rude and disrespectful person. I don't understand why is she in that position at USC. If the chemistry department wants to improve, I believe that she must be kicked out. She really ruins everyone's first year at USC.
1.0 : Extremely rude and unhelpful person. Could care less about students.
1.0 : Probably one of the worst professors I've ever met in my entire life. Get ready to decode lab manuals for lab reports, its almost impossible to do them with the way Skibo writes the manual. Completely unhelpful and demeaning individual. I suggest  taking Chem 105 and b somewhere else.
1.0 : Skibo is intolerable in every kind of social interaction thinkable. Her emails are rude and her lectures are condescending and apathetic. Every attempt I made to be cordial towards her one-on-one was met with the same kind of disdain she brandishes in her lectures. Her lab manual is convoluted and unnecessarily tedious. Universally disliked by all.
1.0 : HORRID! The worst part is most of us don't have choice. We all have to put up with her for a whole year because 105 is a pre req for so many things. She views helping students more as a burden than any teacher I've ever met. Avoid her at all costs. And for the love of GOD don't let her catch you without proper shoes in lab.
1.0 : The TAs do most of the lecture teaching. Not very good or clear.  You have to give her some leeway though - she is teaching something like 500 freshmen the same material. Its hard to be personal or offer individual help with that many kids.
1.0 : The worst professor in USC probably. She makes you do copying of unnecessary stuffs, and give you lore grades even if you try very hard. But if you take chem class there's no way you can escape her lab.
2.5 : Skibo has gotten a lot of hate (not just on RMP) and last semester, it seemed justified. However, this semester seems different. She seems happier and less abrasive when approached by students. Not sure if she read the comments on this site and decided to work on it... lab manual still sucks.
1.0 : Just no.
1.0 : Skibo is rude and uncaring. Both her and the TAs make a point to humiliate students, and are never available for questions. Lab manual is confusing, and the labs themselves are poorly designed.
5.0 : Nicest professor there is! She's always there to help, but you probably won't need it because her lectures are very clear. She makes labs fun and easy, usually it can be finished an hour or two early. Great experiencr and would highly recommend her course to any science or engineering majors.
1.0 : Awful! Probably the worst human being on this planet. Rude, disgusting to look at, and overall just an awful person. She makes the labs so hard!
1.0 : Dr. Skibo's lab reports are very confusing. They take anywhere from 3-7 hours to complete. She is unavailable, also relatively rude when you try to ask her questions. There are typos in her lab manual.
1.0 : Beyond words. Her lab instructions are as inaccurate as librarians think Wikipedia is. She canceled office hours one day to eat a sandwich in her office. If you are unlucky enough to end up in one of her labs, first godspeed, second you can bond with your TA's over complaining about her because she treats them even worse than the students somehow.
1.0 : Skibo is the Lab Director for Gen Chem. I've tried giving her the benefit of the doubt that she's not so bad, but she's sincerely awful. She's always so rude, mean and condescending towards students and T.A.'s.  She has absolutely no empathy or understanding. She forces us to spend absurd amounts of time on unclear, confusing post lab write ups.
1.0 : Unfortunately Skibo is the lab coordinator for CHEM 105A/B, so you won't be able to avoid her. Her lab lectures are jut an excuse to use the quiz period and are unnecessary. The lab manual she wrote is full of typos and is incomplete for some experiments. Labs can take an entire weekend so plan ahead. Terrible coordinator overall.
1.0 : This woman is almost never around, and the lab TAs do most work. She holds lab lectures that preview the experiment and thats about it. You see her about ten times per semester, besides walking down the halls looking mean and telling people what theyre doing wrong. Bad lab experiment lay-outs, over challenging instructions and pre and post-labs.
1.0 : Terrible
1.0 : Maybe if she had put some effort into making the post-lab questions clear, I would be able to enjoy lab. However, her vague wording in post-labs leaves students feeling confused as to what she is looking for in our calculations. The result: a lot of little points that get docked from post-labs by TAs, and those little points add up...
1.0 : One of the most frustrating person I have worked with. She talks in a very condescending tone, her lab manuals are full of spelling errors, and she has no place of compassion. Her labs have some of the worst designs and ambiguity I have ever seen. No wonder she got fired from UCLA but I have no idea how she ended up in USC. It's really sad.
1.0 : Lab with Skibo is very time intensive. Spent significantly more time on lab work than on lecture, studying for tests, and the actual class. Lab manual is just all around unclear. Grading and the rubrics are also unclear. Would not recommend.
1.0 : Chen 105A lecture and the associated exams aren't bad on their own and the information is useful and builds. The lab portion of the class however is just beyond ridiculous. It doesn't help with understanding any concepts of the class, it does not help with learning legitimate lab work. It's a waste of time and prevents you from focusing on learning
1.0 : I asked her a single question over a mix up with my grade, and she was incredibly curt and rude to me for no good reason. I generally don't hold anything against teachers because they do have a difficult job, but her overall personality is just overwhelmingly offputting.
1.5 : Skibo gets a lot of hate, but this semester she seems to be trying to be a little nicer. Despite this change she's still threatening and not at all approachable. Her TAs can be harsh graders, lab rules are strict, and write ups can be tedious. Moral of the story: keep your distance if you can.
1.0 : She is insane of assigning so much unnecessary works besides the experiments themselves. Everybody hates her. mmp
1.0 : As a TA, I feel sorry that the students have to put up with this incredibly rude and pretentious woman. The lab components take up too much of their time. She gets mad at us TAs if were not incredibly harsh when grading and I believe this is a very harmful attitude. Im past the point in believing that she has good intentions for the students.
1.0 : If you are Pre-Med or in any Science related major, General Chemistry is unavoidable. As a lab coordinator, Skibo was very unapproachable and her lab manual is not clear in the slightest. You take more time trying to decipher what she wants rather than learning the concept. Post-lab write ups take at least 5 hours of your time.
1.0 : Terrible lab director - aggressive towards students and makes the general lab experience a grueling ordeal.
1.0 : I really wish USC would let us send course evaluations for her because she is just absolutely awful. She is incredibly rude and sassy with her emails and the lab manual, like many other people have stated, is poorly written and confusing. I don't understand why USC would hire someone who got fired from UCLA.
1.0 : She is the worst professor I have ever encountered at USC. Unfortunately if you are taking lab you have to deal with her. Her lab instructions are vague and she has a harsh grading criteria. Also, she is rude to students and not helpful in office hours.  If I had to describe her it would be as the reincarnate of satan himself.
2.0 : My personal opinion: she gets a worse rep than she deserves. She's not very good, but I never had a truly awful experience with her. I went to all her lectures (boring but functional) and she even gave me a few points back on a quiz once after chewing out the grader. Chem lab still sucks though, would not recommend.
1.0 : Skibo's lab assignments push students to become better at lab reports and thinking experimentally, but for the wrong reasons. Her lab book is filled with typos and ambiguities, and the experimental procedures are unclear. Her lab lectures are typically unhelpful, and her lab final is not a proper comprehension test--many questions feel like tricks.
1.0 : Advice for success. Look at the grading rubrics for the post-labs to minimize point loss, and know the chemicals and equations for prelab quizzes. The lab exam at the end is not based on concepts, in fact it is almost exclusively on specific procedure steps and results: she'll say it's about concepts. TA's are always homies in this class.
1.0 : Dr. Skibo is probably the main reason CHEM-105a is so difficult. As the lab instructor, she makes sure the labs are as difficult and uncomfortable as possible. She's not helpful outside of class, and her directions are often vague or condescending.
1.0 : Lots of useless busy work, treated MBA students like they were in high school. I'm glad she brought in guest lecturers since then we didn't have to hear her talk. Left each week saying "there's three hours I'll never get back"
2.0 : This course is not hard to pass or get a nice grade.But I really learn nothing from this course.The professor always use "so" to ignore all the important things and clarifications.If u want to study something ,u had better not take her course.
1.0 : she is super useless
1.0 : 1) Course content very poor. 2) Instead of relying on the professor, learn from Edx course on AI. 3) Exams were ridiculously easy, almost everyone in the course got A
1.0 : Shelia Tejada is not a good teacher
1.0 : Really don't know why she can be a teacher. She is too weak at teaching and you gain nothing in her class
1.5 : She said that the grades will be curved but it seems not. She cannot explain things clearly, and left us confusing only one night before final exam. Also TA and graders seldom reply the questions on piazza in time. They all seemed disappeared one day before the final. Nobody was replying questions on piazza, which is terrible.
1.0 : Comfortably the worst professor I have had in 17+ years of education. Did not curve her grades at all, no clarity on grading scheme. Lies to pacify students all the time, and lacks clarity in her teaching, notes and presentation
3.0 : Though the class was disinterested a bit a first, she always used to make up for it. The exam review classes were good as it gave an idea about the exams. She took time to explain all the concepts over and over again. Not too hard of a course especially with 300+ worth of EC to boost your grade. However, be prepared to study a lot on your own.
4.0 : Her discussions are really good!
1.0 : Absolutely the worst!  It's astonishing that a University like USC has a professor like here. She's not even remotely interested in teaching. Any questions will be greeted with a laugh and skipped.  Side node to USC! Wake up! You cannot claim to be one of the best and have professor like these.
1.0 : I heard a lot about AI being one of the best courses offered at USC. I was enthusiastic about taking this course. After taking AI under Sheila Tejada, I lost interest in the subject.  She made us create videos and posters in AI class. None of the assignments were interesting. Exam 1 and 2 were really easy. Exam 3 was 19 pages long.
1.0 : Bad Professor
3.0 : She is really a nice person. She teaches really good. Maybe she has to work on the machine learning techniques a bit more to teach them clearer. In overall, she was helpful and I wish her the best. But you need to take of the exams. The problems get tricky sometimes and unbelievably irrational grading policies apply!
1.0 : Worst professor and course at USC, ever!!
5.0 : I think She is the best prof around. She might be not perceived so because AI requires a bit of work. And with that work you can actually make out the how well she chooses her words to make the concept clear. I am thinking of taking AI as a career only because of her awesome pedagogic style.
1.0 : Worst professor and course ever!  First of all lectures are way too easy and she even can't explain them. Just explains obvious and easy things! Quizzes and sample exams are so easy but exams :O I'm sure she can't solve problems by herself! You cannot learn anything from homework! You just waste your time! She is polite and it's the only +
1.0 : I didn't learn anything from this course that would benefit me.
1.0 : Attendance for lectures is not mandatory, but she'll give extra credit to those who come to all but 5 or so of the lectures. You better hope you have an amazing TA, otherwise the class will be impossible. Material isn't really too difficult, but might as well be Greek when taught by Prof Hu.
1.0 : I hope no else has the misfortune of getting Weiwei.  Worst class ever
2.0 : Attendance  optional. Go to most lectures  Xtra credit. Since she copies from the textbook, you'll rely on your TAonline websites to fully understand. At least she knew what she was talking about. Tests aren't too hard but she has a perfectionist personality; even making minute "errors" will cost you points.
2.0 : She's okay. She just lectures straight from the textbook. Not extremely good at explaining things and whatnot. I guess she does clarify some things because if I don't go to class, I feel completely confused as well. Rely on a lot of help from your TA because they pretty much explain everything to you.
3.0 : She essentially copies the textbook for the lectures, but she DOES know what she's talking about at all times and rarely makes a mistake. If you have a question, just raise your hand and she'll 100% stop the lecture briefly to try to help you out. Attendance is completely optional.
1.0 : I thought this was just a pointless class which probably fuels my dislike for Rosenbloom. However, we spent the majority of the second semester going over material that he created himself... which didn't add anything to our education. I felt like my time was wasted during lecture however I can see where he would be better in a different class.
1.5 : Not a good class. Boring content created just by professor himself for all the second-half of the course. Just make you don't want to the lectures and do the readings. The discussion sessions are way better cause the TAs are cool. The class is not that hard but just helpless. The first-half of the course is pretty good but the second half is evil.
1.0 : Rosenbloom seems like the kind of guy you wouldn't mind playing checkers with, but his teach skills are subpar and the course content is ridiculous
2.5 : Class itself was very pointless, really do not see the reason behind the mandatory requirement, but the professor was ok I guess. Didn't have much of a choice because he was the only one teaching it. Didn't do any of the readings, but still managed to do decent thanks to the massive curves for exams. Also there's an attendance grade unfortunately.
1.5 : The class was absolutely awful. There was really no point in making this class required. Professor didn't help much either. Lectures were really boring and unfortunately attendance is mandatory. If it weren't for massive exam curves, I might have not passed, so thank god there was that, because I could not bother reading the material either.
1.0 : This class is absolutely useless. The professor forces you to buy his book and what he invented as "ME expression" which no one on earth uses it except for him. He does not take this class seriously and didnt even prepare the exam until the exam starts, explained with " sorry we screwed up". Seriously, i want my money back.
1.0 : This is a horrible and pointless class. It could be made better-- if there was another teacher.
1.0 : Literally the worst class ever.
2.5 : The class in retrospect is useful for understanding computing, but Rosenbloom does not know how to engage a classroom. His lectures are systematic and monotonous. Homework is pretty hard compared to the examples he goes over in class (if he goes over any).
2.5 : You can miss up to 7 classes a semester. That's the only good thing about this class.
2.0 : CSCI majors have to take the class, I am not going to say the USC should make it optional because I found that I learned a fair amount. With that being said I would love for a different professor to teach this class. Rosenbloom spends half the semester disscussing his own ideas, then just as you doze off you actually get around to learning stuff.
1.0 : Most useless class at this school, the professor is just terrible at teaching and focuses most of the class on his made up language.
1.0 : Very useless class in the state that it is right now. It should be lowered to a 2 unit class and have the professors book removed from the curriculum.
1.0 : If you are considering taking this class bc your are a Computer Science major I highly recommend declaring Computer Science and Computer Engineering so that you can take EE 109 and then switch back into CS after that semester so you won't have to take this class. Yes, it is that bad.  It will be annoying to have to put effort into this nonsense.
1.0 : Useless lecture material.  nonsense ME language.
1.0 : Living in his own scientific 4th domain all the time, no one can understand what his theorems are talking about except himself. Incredibly boring lecture and content. The only useful part is the content which does not come from the prof himself. Cannot believed this class can be approved.
1.0 : The class should not be a requirement for CS majors or minors. Rosenbloom makes up his own theory of "Interaction" which, at best, is vague and open to different interpretations. For a field that so much depends on the preciseness of language, the theory is a joke.  TL:DR You'll hate this class, get ready to learn useless things.
1.0 : By far the worst class I have ever taken or will ever take. USC is delusional to have this as a class, let alone a co-req
1.0 : Worst Professor ever encountered at Viterbi.  Incompetent grading and terrible lectures (at least you can miss up to 7).  Half of the course is based off of his scientific theories and he makes you buy his own book.  He responds to questions in the vaguest and most unhelpful manner.  Can't believe this is still a course at USC.....
2.0 : Dr. Prescott is the chillest professor ever, to her detriment. There is no textbook (which is normally a plus), and her slides have almost no information. Her lectures are slow and drag on. The class is unstructured and tough to follow, but luckily it is so easy that this doesn't really matter. As an additional plus, she is a really sweet person.
4.5 : Relatively easy class with minimal work. Concepts are clear, may be slightly hard to understand at first but if you ask, the professor has thorough knowledge on the subject.
1.0 : Avoid at all costs. If the class is mandatory, look to take someone else. He is the worst teacher i have ever had. seems like he knows his stuff, he's just an awful teacher and doesn't engage students. Don't take this class unless it's mandatory...
2.0 : Absolutely the worst teacher I have ever had.   Save yourself and run as far away as possible.
1.0 : Terrible.
1.5 : I took AP Stat in high school and LOVED it. Came into this class, and I started to hate it. He is incredibly boring and doesn't know how to teach. Going to lecture is useless. Just review the power points and do the practice problems he gives and you're good. Plus, you make your own cheat sheet to use on midterms (formulas + notes!)
1.0 : Incredibly intelligent professor who can't teach. He just reads the slides and doesn't know how to make students understand stats at all.  It's hard to ask questions on material you have no understanding about. Avoid him at all cost.
1.5 : Very boring and doesn't effectively explain the course material in an understandable manner. Would not recommend.
1.0 : Xin Tong is proof that being smart in your field of study doesn't guarantee being a good professor. Tong is terrible at communicating content and teaching material to students. Speaks using terms as if everyone in the room understands what he's saying. Very uninspired lecturer that only reads off of slides. The worst professor at USC, avoid.
3.5 : He's fine. Lectures suck, but no one goes to them anyway. Midterm is easy. Final is hard. He gives the homework answers. YOu'll probably get a B.
4.0 : Xin honestly is super nice and tries SO hard to make sure everyone understands a concept before moving on in lecture. but he has a pretty think accent and statistics is super boring so its hard to listen.  attendance is optional but you can get extra credit from it. honestly he's a pretty good professor, stats just sucks.
2.0 : Honest breakdown: Lectures are dry and really just tedious to follow. HW is easy as well as the first midterm. The problem was his final. It was absolutely impossible. Pretty nice dude but does not teach the content very well. I'd expect most of us to get around a B to B- which is the school policy.
1.0 : I loved AP stats, so I thought this class would be relatively interesting and easy. However, Tong makes everything much more confusing than it needs to be and he is  HORRIBLE at explaining concepts. He is the most uninspiring teacher I've ever had. I had a 97% in the class before the final and still didn't get an A. Just awful.
3.5 : I went to about 2 lectures all semester and got an A-. Tong is very smart but I took stats in high school so this was mostly review. Also, slides are posted online so no need to attend lecture. Discussion is mandatory though. One thing to note is that I went into the final exam with a 99% and still received an A-. That was the only hard part.
1.0 : If I hadn't taken stats in high school, this class would have been impossible.  I wanted to do well, but physically could not pay attention b/c lecture was so boring. I felt like I was just memorizing random things, not actually learning anything. Looking back the class itself was not that bad, but the final was really difficult and specific.
3.0 : The entire semester will be painfully easy, but beware of the final.
2.0 : Ridiculously boring. Posts lectures online, so I stopped going to class halfway through the semester. Just read the powerpoints, so much clearer than actually listening to him talk. Show up for the review sessions if you have questions once he posts the practice questions. Nice guy though, especially if you forget your calculator during an exam.
3.5 : Lectures can be boring, but Tong tries very hard to make sure everyone understands before moving on. The midterm and homework are pretty easy, just beware of the final.
1.0 : This instructor was not as organized as I would like a professors I have had in the past. I'm not sure I learned much from her lectures, I think I could learn more just by Googling the topics she covered.
2.0 : Unclear, hard to understand, seems to get annoyed when answering students' questions, does not explain concepts well.
1.0 : Unbelievably ineffective professor.  Mandatory attendance, yet you spend the entire time in class confused and will feel that you are wasting your time.  His explanations of subject matter are unclear and his lectures will completely put you to sleep.  He comes off as rude and unapproachable. Its surprising he is even employed at a school like USC.
1.0 : Worst professor I have ever had! Avoid him at all costs. Delay taking ECON 352 if necessary. The classes are extremely dry and he tests us on material that we never learn. I have never had a professor as ineffective and boring as him. Again, DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH HIM. You will greatly regret it.
1.5 : Most boring lectures I've ever had to sit through (plus mandatory attendance) so for that reason alone, stay away. While I thought he was a nice guy, he wasn't that helpful. His tests were pretty reasonable though and with a lot of studying and a generous curve you can do well. Read the textbook because the lecture slides are vague and confusing.
1.0 : Very confusing and not helpful. The class felt like a waste of time.
1.0 : Professor Protopapadakis likes to talk a lot and speed through slides. He thinks everyone is born a macroeconomic master, and therefore determines that no explanations for key concepts are necessary. Great guy though.
2.5 : Nice guy and tries very hard to make jokes, but overall very confusing and hard to understand. Goes way too fast, hard to grasp material. Attendance is mandatory and participation is very important so try to talk a lot. Tests are pretty difficult because it covers so much material, but try to read the book and do study guidehomework problems
1.0 : s/o to the worst class I've ever taken. Cheng Hsiao is impossible to understand, he rarely (if ever) uses examples with actual numbers, and  all of the problems that have already been mentioned are true. The only good thing about this class is that the curve is massive. I failed each midterm and got a B. I honestly did not learn any econometrics.
1.5 : Omg this guy is horrible. He's one of those teachers who know the stuff but aren't prepared to explain it. he gives way too much work that isn't helpful to the lecture matters. STAY AWAY.
1.0 : Before coming to this class, Physics used to be my favorite subject. Professor Wilson and the Physics department at USC definitely ruined that for me. The class is an exact repeat of Physics C Mechanics AP. You learn nothing new and it is absolutely worthless. The teacher is horrible at explaining and you have a good 7 hours of hw a week. Horrible.
1.0 : He is probably the worst lecturer I have ever had. He doesn't explain things clearly, and he sometimes makes mistakes and tries to pretend that he is right anyways, even when students point out his mistakes. If I hadn't taken physics in high school before taking this course, I probably would have had a hard time passing.
1.5 : Better take another professor!
1.0 : I would not take her class in retrospect. I think you can learn more about grant writing by reading a lot of grants. She is a nice lady and can give you a lot of connections but her assignments were very unclear, what she expected in her midterms was unclear, also I was surprised we never read a single real life grant since it was a grant class.
1.0 : This professor was very inexperienced. We spent most of class  going over trivial issues as opposed to learning the course content. I would not recommend the strategic management class with this professor.
1.0 : Horrible experience. His first time teaching this class can hardly serve as an excuse for his rudeness to students. Attendance rate gradually dropped over the entire semester and he didn't say a thing. Suddenly at the end of semester people start asking on Piazza what's covered in final, he refused to answer, blaming us for not attending lectures.
1.0 : This is the first time ever Prof Jain teach EE-364 and he did a really terrible job. His class is really messy and hard to understand what he is talking about. People barely go to his class. He doesn't give handouts including knowledge points, and no midterm/final review. One midterm and one final, and tests are really hard that we can't finish.
1.0 : Textbook is more useful than his lectures.  Consistently rude to students.  Tests and homework have very little connection to his lectures.
1.0 : Lectures are unorganized. Homework are hard and grading rubric is weird. No test review at all. Refuse to help student after class.  Professor Rahul Jain might be a good researcher, but he is definitely not a good teacher.
2.5 : Not very clear about what he expects. Doesn't communicate well as to what will be on tests. Nice guy though.
2.0 : Ko is a really nice guy but it seems this course was designed for failure. You want an A? You better study every single day, quiz yourself frequently, and use the "optional" textbook because otherwise the best you can get is a B- or below. The tests are ridiculously hard and class average was in about the C range for each test (3). Stay away!
1.5 : She isn't one of the professor you can discuss your queries with.If you join class a week later, she doesn't help you and makes a big deal about it and provides no assistance whatsoever.She doesn't go that extra mile to make sure everyone is on board and is to bored to care about doubts.
1.0 : She co-teaches cs510 with Dr Boehm. All I can say is that she knows nothing about the subject. She relies heavily on Dr Boehm. In our exams, she was not able to answer student's questions at all and referred them to Dr Boehm. She also has a weird attitude, blaming students for everything and for every mistakes graders make. Overall not recommended.
1.0 : Horrible professor and badly managed course. I paid a large tuition for the class but most of the session was being lectured by the TA with his weird social attitudes. This prof only lectured 4 sessions total. Then, there are multiple guest lectures and often, what the guest lecture says conflicts with what the TA or Prof said. Avoid at all costs
1.0 : She is the worst and most dishonest lecturer I meet. She cannot control the process of her lecture time well and blame students about improper controlling the time of the individual presentation in class. The way I learned from this class is learning knowledge by myself. She force s students to propose improvement about course not think by herself.
1.0 : Useless class. The professor only lectured in 2 sessions and the rest by the guest lectures. Some of these guest lecturers go on to brag about their "industry experience and don't teach anything. Also, the guest lecturers talk about completely different topics. This makes continuity and flow between topics almost non-existence. Waste of moneytime.
1.0 : I am surprised at CS dept at hiring such a horrible instructor. I paid a good amount of money to USC for being a world class org thinking that I would learn something from this class. She has a thick accent and has some weird social issues. Her lectures has nothing to do with the projects or how the process should be to take for delivering projects
1.0 : This is the worst course I have taken at USC. She works in the industry and has no care for students.
1.0 : Not a good professor. She does not teach you anything. She only reads from slides which are from Dr Boehm. Better off with no teacher.
1.0 : Too much report writing, too many meetings, too much unrelated overhead, too little final grade. Overall, too much frustration. Take this course at your career risk.
1.0 : Terrible professor. His CSCI 310 class is like having a client who is against you and withholds as much information as possible. 0/10 would take again.
1.0 : Halfond is a terrible prof. Based on his piazza responses, he seems bitter about the lack of students attending class. He purposefully removes definitions from his slides to "reward" those that come to class (assuming you can keep up with his fast lecture). He does not tell you exactly what he wants for his assignments, only an overall description.
3.0 : I've only had him so far for a couple of months, but his method of grading is very strange. The class itself is very dry and everything is reliant on group projects -- Halfond seems like a nice enough guy, but I think he needs more experience as a professor. His voice is rather soothing though, but he lacks passion and enthusiasm.
1.0 : Halfond is the vaguest professor I have had at USC. Though you may try to clarify by talking to him in class, he will deflect and ask you to look at his slides, which are woefully incomplete.
1.0 : William Halfond, without a doubt, is a professor who manages to spend two hours lecturing while simultaneously saying nothing meaningful. He will be happy to go over definitions and concepts in class, while surreptitiously removing said information from his slides before posting them to blackboard to punish those who could not copy verbatim.
1.0 : Very inconsistent teacher. He is incredibly unclear about assignments, and then when assignments have similar parts between them, he changes the content in each, expecting you to magically figure out why your sections needs to have different content despite being the same titles. Does not teach and spends class talking about extraneous topics.
1.0 : He is very vague in requirements and the questions he answers on piazza tend to be terse and snarky. Terrible professor
1.0 : Why is his class required? We're not learning anything useful.
1.0 : You have a man who's never been in the industry trying to teach us how to work in the industry. It's clear by the way he teaches that he has no experience.
1.0 : GG 310
1.0 : This class makes no sense and accomplishes nothing.
1.0 : He doesn't care about his students. At all. He has no interest in educating them. No interest in helping them when they need it. He wants to trick his students and punish them for his inability or lack of desire to teach. Do not take this class with Halfond if possible. Do not.
1.5 : I know people who have dropped out of being a CS major (talented people who have excelled in other CSCI classes) due to this class. Completely avoid if you can, and for those class 2018 and beyond, I'm very sorry.
1.0 : Avoid this class if possible. It probably won't be though.
1.0 : What is there to say that hasn't been said. He is the most condescending Professor ever. No one even goes to class. Asks for opinions but then rejects them. He clearly doesn't know a thing about practical Software Eng. Tests are like a biology exam. He doesn't care about reasoning but just wants you memorize things, often very wrongly described.
1.0 : The worst professor I have had at USC. He does not explain things clearly and posts blank slides online. If you actually come to class and take notes, he speaks so quickly and quietly and moves on so that you don't even have time to write it all down. He doesn't even know how to do any of the projects he makes you do. AVOID IF YOU CAN.
4.0 : In my opinion, Halfond is a great professor. Based on his PPT and assignments, It is clear that he spent a lot of time in preparing for the class. I have to agree that this is not an easy class. As long as you attend the lectures &amp; follow his instructions correctly, you will get a good grade. This is not the class if you want to be spoon-fed though
1.0 : Very unclear in what he wants. Sounds like he knows what he is talking about but in reality he is unclear in his lectures. Very inaccessible outside class.
1.0 : He is not clear in the lectures and assignment , take this course if you have strong web publishing and circle of good group that can handle the projects. Splitting the group in the middle of course is so unrealistic with a lot of problem for minority people in class.
1.0 : this class is unbearable. i don't understand why the professor doesn't take steps to make this a better learning experience. software engineering is an important foundation for computer science majors but this course and how it's organized is a complete and utter DISASTER. the TAs don't even know what's going on half the time. SAD. RIP.
1.0 : This might very well be the worst class at USC and Halfond seems out of touch with reality. Do not take this class.
2.0 : Even though I learned a lot from this class, it was the least enjoyable class I've taken in my USC career.
1.0 : TA knows nothing to help; Professor seldom replies to any of the piazza post on time; Professor doesn't give slides before class; Professor use "read the book" quote many times but there is nothing relevant on the book; Recite every single words on the slides and you are good to go. Then what's the point of having a Professor teaching anyway?
1.0 : Boring class, long lectures, not recommended
1.0 : Awful awful awful class. The professor is too serious and thinks the class is some kind of professional work environment. His grading system is based on class rank which incentivizes people to not work together and the group projects are mundane. BY FAR the worst class I have ever taken at USC and if I could do it again, I would avoid at all costs.
3.0 : Look, I got a good grade in his class. You just need to be smart to know what he is looking for. He wasn't super clear in giving instructions, but no one does in the real life. You are pretty much on your own to figure it out. If you can't handle this class, I doubt you will survive in the real world. The world won't baby you like your folks do.
1.5 : He is a nice guy, but his teaching methods are not really efficient. As a result of poor teaching, the maximum number of students attending lectures was  roughly 15 people out of 60 enrolled. And even those who attended lectures doubted its usefulness. However, the course content is quite important so make sure you study on your own a lot.
1.0 : Prof has a bad teaching method, boring and grading not clear enough. Avoid if you can.
1.0 : Professor's explanation of material is not clear, even confusing at times. Mostly, you have to study yourself. Most people stopped attending his class for the same reason. Better off with no teacher
1.0 : The final project of Rube Goldberg Machine is like hell! It takes too much time to finish this project which is never helpful. It also takes much money to buy the material as professor only provides the marbles. Pretty bad course design
1.0 : STOP! She is an awful teacher. Her lectures are basically textbook vomit, but the bad thing is there's no textbook. So you either have to record everything she says or type really fast. And good luck with the  tests. Though she says they're based on lecture and reading, there are questions that the class did not cover. B in a theatre class.. no!!
1.5 : Don't do it. It will ruin your GPA, passion for journalism, and confidence.
2.5 : The professor calls on random students, even if you do not know the answer. She is a tough grader. Does not give enough time for test completion. Does not help when asked for extra assistance. Always recommends student support.
1.5 : Thankfully, I had research methods in my undergrad. This is an extremely nice teacher, but not a particularly great communicator. She seemed unsure of the material and this class was very confusing. She was a lenient grader, if that makes a difference to you!
3.5 : Seminar on 20th century American Girlhood is excellent. One of the best classes I've ever taken. Miller is not a traditional prof, interesting final assignment. Opens up your mind. An A is manageable and rewarding in her class.
1.5 : Miller seems very smart &amp; even funny however very unorganized. She changes syllabus too much &amp; notifies class late. Also her prompts were very confusing even after many questions. Her strength is gender theory but HORRIBLE job in providing historical context. Overall unsatisfying experience but some good qualities still wouldn't full recommend her.
1.0 : Probably the most unorganized teacher ever. Really seemed like she was making stuff up on the spot. DISJOINTED LECTURES, too much reading and to top it all off 80% of them were boring!! I concur with the other reviewer here, she made too much changes!!! Would notify us a couple hours before class started! Very unprofessional. AVOID
2.5 : Fazeli is very easy. Bad professor, but easy. Takes attendance by passing astound sheet and initialing. Someone could do it for you. 2 Midterms, online hw, 4 quizzes, 1 final. Hw is online and easy due every weekish. Take this class to get the A, not learn econ. He also gives out study guides which have exact answers to exam.
2.0 : Hella easy, hella boring. Little hard to understand but you're not gonna be paying attention anyways. Takes attendance, which can be circumvented. Most of the class stopped showing up a couple classes in. Online hw (he extends deadlines a lot), most of exams are taken from study guides.
2.0 : Like everyone has said, he may be the easiest teacher in all of Marshall. He gave study guides that had the exact answers to over half of the questions on each midterm and final. I got an A but did not learn econ, and I'm all right with that.
2.0 : Easiest class I've taken at USC. The tests are exactly off of his study guides. Felt like I was back in Highschool.
1.0 : I didn't really pay attention to the ppts or his notes because they weren't cohesive with the hmwk. The book helped me with the hmwk the most. Exam 1 study guide was 88 problems, and the cummulative final study guide was 250 problems (with just answers and no explanation). He put out the study guides so late that it was hard to go over all of it.
4.5 : I wasn't sure if I liked Victoria at first. But overtime, I realized not only is she extremely talented, super creative, she genuinely cares and gives great feedback on projects. While she can be quite critical and have high expectations, you will come out of her class with technical tools and knowledge about advertising to be successful.
1.0 : One of the worst professors you'll ever have. Usually I don't like to rip on professors, but she deserves it. She is one of the ONLY professors at this university that I do not respect.  If there is anyway students could take action and remove her  from teaching I would do so and never feel more passionate about it!
2.0 : This class was not hard. If you don't miss class, participate and actually put in some effort you'll have no problem doing well. That said, grading criteria was often super unclear and the class was particularly long and dry. If you get on her bad side, your grade will suffer. I would not take again, but follow the advice above and you'll be fine.
1.0 : Very unclear, creates confusion over minor detailes.  Do what you can to NOT take this professor.
1.0 : Save yourself some trouble &amp; avoid this teacher. I'm a straight A student, always have been &amp; have never had trouble in any classes, until this one. Doesn't return emails. Expects her class to be the center of your life. Not worth the frustration!
1.0 : I added the class at the latest time possible, and she didn't help me with knowing how to catch up with classwork at all. She also assumes people know what she's thinking or about assignments beforehand. She's not good at answering questions clearly when you're confused. Terrible
1.0 : No txtbks- the only pro of this course. Prof Kim has a STRONG accent. It's near impossible to understand him. On top of that, he's unclear, and since there's no textbook, it's really hard to teach yourself. Group project (40% of grade) is the only thing that will save you. Stay away though.
4.5 : Professor Haselwandter is very smart and very thorough. His style of lecture is a bit formal, but with sufficient questioning you can get the understanding you need. I would recommend his office hours as he is very receptive to questions and eager to help.
2.0 : Lectures are EXTREMELY conceptual and do not correlate with HW or tests very much.  That being said if you don't go to lecture you will not pass the class
2.0 : Dr. Haselwandter is a stand up guy, but his teaching leaves much to be desired. Attendance is pretty much required, as he doesn't upload the copy of his handwritten notes. Midterms and finals are fair, and all reflect similar problems encountered in the course (almost to the letter). Class is conducted to dryly, but the final project was fun.
1.0 : Ha. Ha. If you sign up for his class, good luck. He's not a very clear lecturer and this subject isn't one you can learn just by looking at the book. Likes to make up seriously convoluted exam questions. 0/10 would recommend
1.5 : Ridiculous professor. Horrible teaching style, gives you the concepts with the expectation to apply this to the actual course material. Would NOT recommend this professor to anyone. Do not take this class unless you are a physics whiz or insane. Good luck... you will need it.
1.0 : HORRIBLE! My nightmare
1.5 : Absolutely awful, expects all of the students to be just as smart as him. Considerably harder than all other TA's which destroys your overall grade. Take lab with someone else.
1.0 : Stay away! By far one of the worst prof. I have ever had! Very unclear, has many places for you to submit work and if submitted incorrectly, you fail that work. So many ppl dropped her class and if your opinion is diff from hers, she criticizes you and makes you not want to participate in class but you have to for your grade. Grades very hard!
1.0 : does not provide any additional information about play therapy. She only discusses what is in the ASYNCH. Grading is subjective and does not follow the rubric, is unable to explain assign., as "I didn't write this" attitude. She could be a wealth of information, as in private practice. She " wouldn't do that", as if there is only one way, her way!
2.0 : While he is passionate about global health, there are several inconsistencies in what he expects from students... there are numerous occasions where something  is said to not be on the test at all, and ends up making up a large portion of it. Regardless of what he says, he expects very specific details and statistics for his tests. Did not enjoy.
2.0 : Professor Sanchez tells us that he is hard on us because as we go higher they'll be hard on us.  But honestly, he is isn't that helpful and speaks well above our level of understanding.  For example, he'll ask us a question and since one person nods their head he'll state, "okay, I asked you, so if you get it wrong you can't blame me".
2.0 : She teaches from her slides. "Actually reads out what is written in the slides." To solve her papers you have to be a genius or find papers from other colleges because her classes don't provide the knowledge required to write her exams well.
1.5 : I suggest no one to take a course under her.
2.0 : Never take her classes. You literally learn nothing. Assignment question will have incomplete details and problem keeps changing till the submission date. Exams solutions are also flawed. Forget about inspiration , you might even think of changing your major for the mistake of taking this subject under her
1.5 : You can't really avoid this class as a MA+P major so  make the best of it. You have no idea what your grade is until the end of the semester so you need to continue to work hard for an A. Perry is a grumpy old school professor and will become extremely frustrated if you use computers during class. Also, he becomes frazzled easily during lectures.
1.0 : There was no connection between the reading and the practical work, meaning that neither really stuck and the class felt like it had no point.  Was forced to take this class for the MA+P major, otherwise I would have dropped.
3.5 : Presented the material clearly at first, and later did not deliver the material in a way that was easy to understand. Curved down grades at the end of the semester without telling us.
1.0 : One of the worst professors I know. Doesn't offer much help during office hour, he is also very rude during office hours and treat his students as though as they need to know everything. He curves down the grade and had the A grade border to be 97%. He also like to give projects and quizes on the topic he just taught the lecture before. Avoid!!!!
1.0 : Asked him for help once during office hours on a project and didn't want to provide any assistance. Instead he tested my knowledge on the project. Basically lectures on thing from the book, but often makes mistakes. Very confusing professor. Test always has questions that is not similar to the exercise problems in class
1.0 : Harsha Gangammanavar is a deceitful snake. And, although his credentials are lackluster at best (i.e. he is a "visiting" professor lol), he is very condescending and extremely arrogant towards students. He teaches purely out of the book due to the fact he has no real world experience of his own in the field. Office hours does not help at all.
1.0 : This is was a simple class to teach, only made more complicated by the one and only: Mr. Ganga.  He is as knowledgeable about the subject as the textbook. I felt like going to his class was listening to an audio-book on my iPod. He failed to establish any connection or show any interest in his student's futures.
1.0 : Basically a self-taught class. And you would find reading textbooks much more efficient than going to class since they are the same material anyways, except reading is much less tedious. So Harsha is a human audiobook, essentially.
1.0 : Horrible, conceited, and boring lecturer. He is often late to class too.
1.0 : He is unprepared for lecture a lot and gives students blank PowerPoint study slides to study with. I would not recommend taking his class.
4.5 : Harsha is probably a new professor but definitely one of the best I've met at USC. He is very patient and helpful when you want to discuss about the course material. He's class might not be the easiest out there but with just enough effort it's very possible to secure an A. It was definitely a valuable learning experience.
1.0 : Prof Winkel's lectures were so dry and he was too verbose, never knew how to stop talking and would go on random rants/tangents. His midterm and final were unnecessarily stressful and difficult and required memorizing the most dry facts (like specific editions of operating systems or models of computers and their chronology). Was a miserable class.
1.0 : If you care about 3D anim/graphics, DO NOT sign up for the ITP minor. He teaches every class. His lectures are useless, but makes attendance mandatory so you are forced to listen to his obnoxious, tangential stories. Even if you endure listening to him ramble about unrelated topics for entire class periods, you'll still end up teaching yourself.
1.0 : Attended his summer program. He is very knowledgeable but goes off on a tangent so often that his class is unable to make you focus. His grading is nonsensical and even ridiculous to me. He rarely replies emails, even though they are concerning projects and grading criteria, not at least saying no, which is extremely disrespectful.
3.5 : He was an okay teacher; however, he spent most of his time talking about other stuff than actually teaching you, so be sure to use his office hours because he WILL help you. Although he may also be equally as verbose when you do talk to him...  Projects are due every week, so just be on top of it.
2.0 : Lori's assignments are extremely unclear and you have to try to figure out what she wants. You have to conduct stranger interviews similar to the Stranger Logs in BAEP 451 and there's always an assignment due. This class is more work than it's worth, especially with Lori as professor. She babbles on during class and you can't use your computer.
1.0 : Classes are so blah,very difficult to sit through.
1.0 : Two months since the class started and regretting already.
1.0 : don't take ai under this professor unless you are forced to!  Exams are ridiculously long 19 page, tricky, sometimes tough, and with 1hour and 15 minutes time for it.  One question description was 1.5 pages long,even reading it would take 5 minutes, 10 mins. to do inferring  and understanding it. Grading home works and exams always need regrading
1.5 : If you want to learn about Clinical Practice with Old DON'T take this class. It is basically a VERY in-depth research class.  More reading than EVER possible.  BORING class.  Rude unless you give the exact answer she wants.  In class discussion is about caring for caregivers NOT older adults.  Assignments are very UNCLEAR. DONT take her class EVER
1.0 : TERRIBLE, just TERRIBLE.  Don't take her for anything. This class is awful &amp; she designed it. I cant imagine what she'd be like teaching a class she didn't create. You learn nothing about old people.  You teach yourself. You work your butt off.  She's rude, unclear, expects a lot, treats you like a idiot &amp; inconvenience when you ask questions.
1.5 : Not supportive. Quick to throw you under the bus. Avoid her for anything. Not so empathetic.
1.5 : She's not welcoming and speaks in such a condescending tone. D'Agostino's a very articulate woman, but can and will use this to her advantage if there is ever an issue. Also, she loves assigning busy work and stating that you may "need it" and later be grateful. I did not enjoy my experience with her at all and would not recommend her to a peer.
1.0 : Competent social worker, less than competent teacher. Her coursework schedule is inconsistent and confusing to work with. She doesn't take criticism well and has crossed professional boundaries repeatedly. Her condescending tone has caused emotional distress to some in class. Would not recommend if you would like to grow as a social worker.
1.5 : Wolf in Sheep's clothing. At first she appears welcoming and supportive, but she's not. She is condescending and takes criticism very personally. She crosses boundaries on what is professional in the classroom and at field visits;  disrespectful to field instructors. Her class is moderately easy to follow, but not worth it. Avoid at all cost.
1.0 : This Professor gave me a false impression on the first day of class. I thought she was laid back, welcoming, and supportive...I was wrong. She was often rude and condescending. I did not feel safe to come to her with any field placement related concerns. Her class is a tech-free zone and her lectures are unhelpful and dry. Do not recommend.
3.5 : His lectures are straight from ppt which I personally hated. I wish he would do more problems on the board (it is a math class after all).  He also asks a lot of questions in class and will randomly choose students if no one volunteers to answer. He's a really cool guy but not the best professor. Gives partial credit.
1.0 : It's not that he isn't good at teaching the material, it's that all your efforts to learn the material mean nothing fundamentally as he asks very open-ended questions with multiple right answers but only gives credit for the answer he had in mind. So unless you're a mind reader there's no hope. Even the TA had no clue what he was looking for.
1.0 : He doesn't ask questions on quizzes or exams that follow the format of book questions (assigned for homework), so it's really difficult to prepare for exams. No matter how well you know the material, it seems impossible to figure out what he is trying to ask in his questions. Frustratingly, the class is otherwise really easy.
2.0 : Lacks clarity when giving assignments and presentations. Difficult to follow during classes presentations, very monotone. Expects work to be completed how she would complete it. Very little left to voice your own objectives. Constantly had to state that she would confer with the lead professor.
2.0 : At times very condescending, Pam has a sense of humor that is hard to get used to. I sometimes felt shocked at her comments about students. With that said, she's very accomplished in her field and is pretty straightforward about what she's looking for. Only one midterm and one final, overall a pretty easy class
1.0 : Rambles on forever, states the obvious, grading is whack. All around nice lady but takes a lot of the classroom bs too seriously.
1.0 : As a required class for the curriculum, I would have assumed the kinks for this course would have been ironed out.... He gives very wishy-washy directions, vague feedback, and no guidance.  Didn't take anything away from this course.  USC really needs to rework this course, and change instructors.
1.0 : Never explained why points were Taken away and many assignments were vague.
1.0 : Literally reads off the slides you are better off learning yourself. The book is not helpful, he never answers emails, he is unapproachable. He claims to offer extra credit and after you've completed it you realize he lied. I would never in a million years take this class again. Also, homework takes a whole day to complete and he gives no guidance.
1.0 : when he tries to explain concepts (rarely) he makes it more confusing
1.5 : He is not as bad as everyone says. He is nice, but it was definitely a boring class. I attended every lecture and was zoned out 90% of the time. You just need to be there to sign in and turn in the hw. The lectures were practically useless. I completed every homework by looking at the lecture slides. The homeworks were easy, but not much guidance.
1.0 : Expect to spend time on homework!!! Its super time consuming &amp; he makes you do all the problems by hand for the most part. He just reads off lectures, hardly ever showed examples. he means well, he just can't teach. After the first midterm, half the class dropped. class is based off midterm, final &amp; hw all weighted 30% particip. &amp; attendance 10%
1.5 : Prof. Lewinger is a really nice guy and means well, but I would advise against taking his course. He is not great at explaining things and his tests were harder than they should have been. The homework is ridiculous, too. Avoid if you can.
1.0 : This was the worst professor I have ever encountered. She would verbally attack me and gave horribleunhelpful feedback. I would attempt to clarify with her and she would become defensive as though I shouldn't ask questions. Her classes were nothing but her talking and not at all helpful. I spoke with my classmates and all agreed; avoid if possible
1.0 : Boring professor, comes to class  with no preparation of the lectures. Difficult to find in her office.
1.0 : WORST professor at USC. Doesn't explain anything, sections taught  by other profs got 30 points more out of 100 on avg on tests. One time a kid walked in to turn in a hw assignment (worth a ton of points) 2 minutes late and she told him to leave and automatically failed him.  I was so stoked on astronomy and she made me hate it
2.0 : Lectures are often hard to follow because tends to derive formulas but lacks written explanations.  Gave makeup midterm when majority of class underperformed.  Neither warm nor mean person. But avoid if can, or be prepared to do much of learning OUTSIDE class.
5.0 : The class is definitely tough but you can get through it if you manage to put effort and participate during class. What she talk during class is definitely relevant so do put effort to understand what goes on during lecture. Exams and quizes require logic and understanding the concept.
1.5 : Horrible Professor. DO NOT TAKE 152 with her! She does not know how to teach a low level class. When she asks if we understand, and we say no, she just moves on and questions many are paying attention. She gets very defensive when you question her and ask her questions about your tests and quizzes. Uses quizzes to show dominance over her students.
2.5 : Lectures are not engaging, specifically because she does not go through examples, and tends to focus on the theory that you can read from the book. Does not explain things well in office hours. No mandatory homework to turn in, but there are pop quizzes every week that tend to get low averages. Overall, not a good professor.
1.0 : She is one of the worst teachers I have ever had.  Her lectures consist of her poorly explaining derivations of equations and never showing us how to do actual problems.  Then she gives a pop quiz immediately after that everyone does terribly on.  She does not communicate well and does not know how to explain things so they make sense to students.
1.5 : Horrible! Ended up dropping class. Lectures are boring &amp; confusing because she assumes students already have understanding of magnetism and electricity and doesn't know how to actually teach. No homework but pop quizzes weekly that are impossible to pass unless you do the hw.  Basically have to teach yourself from the book. Hard to read handwriting
1.5 : Took Phys 152 with her, and it was one painful semester.  She talks mostly about the theory of concepts in class and never does any example problems, so when you go to do the homework you're at a complete loss.   Only had one office hour a week so was never available for her students.  Do not take her if you can avoid it.
1.0 : Terrible Teacher. Unable to explain basic concepts well to her students and never goes through any application problems. Pop quizzes seemed designed for students to fail.   Unavailable to students - only has 1 office hour a week. When it is possible to meet with her, she is unhelpful and oftentimes rude.   Advice: Choose any other professor
1.0 : Her lectures are very long and unhelpful. She never does example problems and uses much of her time proving formulas. Since she gives out pop quizzes every week attendance is mandatory. You will do better by just bringing the textbook to lectures and reading it there. Also you can not use any electronic devices in class even if you are using ebook.
1.0 : Elena Pierpaoli is an embarrassment to USC's academic reputation. She has a strong teacher vs. student mentality, even with students who are engaged and ready to learn. Lectures are a hostile learning environment and left us more confused than if we skipped and learned solely from the textbook, although pop quizzes mean you must go. READ THE BOOK!
1.0 : Be prepared to teach yourself physics. And don't bother trying to ask her for help, unless you enjoy being mocked. she also only has one office hour (typically) and often skips through many of the topics she is supposed to be teaching without explaining. Also grades very tough and will not regrade anything, even if its wrong
1.0 : If you end up taking her Phys 152 class you better be good at learning out of the text book and on your own.  Terrible lectures.  Not helpful at all.  Not accommodating to students or willing to listen to students.  Don't take this class if you can.
1.0 : Terrible teacher, worse person
1.0 : AVOID at all cost! He is a horrible professor. He does not give any type of recognition but is REALLY good at telling you how horribly you did on a paper. Does not give clear instructions. No support. Lectures are long and 90% about himself. He's good at giving letter grades but not points so you have NO IDEA where you stand in the class.
1.0 : AVOID. He doesn't prepare you for the assignments, then marks you down as if he's the best professor ever where you'd be stupid to make mistakes. His lectures are very superficial, boring &amp; unhelpful, yet he grades in insane detail. Then after he doesn't prepare you, he lectures you on personal responsibility. He is glorified paper proctor. AVOID.
1.0 : Do not take his class! Half the class is never there because his lectures go nowhere. He talks about himself a lot, and about what he wants to cover in class but never actually covers the material. If you want to learn anything, take this class with another professor. He isn't helpful, and his comments on returned papers are hurtful and rude.
1.0 : I try my best to give professors the benefit of the doubt but I cannot for this professor. He rambles the entire class, the lectures are pointless and a waste of time and the assignments are ridiculous. There are no rubrics given, the explanations are confusing and when asking for clarification he just makes its more confusing. Avoid this professor
2.0 : He never stops talking, so, have a drink nearby to prevent sleeping: The class is a bit dry since it's mainly policy/politics. If you do sleep easily, its a good idea to get the textbook: he will announce if other readings are apart of class discussion. Questions? He will try to answer them. He records class, if you miss info or class.
2.0 : Professor Wells is a nice guy, but that's about it. He rambles on about random stuff and is really hard to follow. His forgets his own instructions, and he lacks the ability to clarify things. You have a question about the paper? Good luck...
2.0 : Incredibly unreasonable lab practicals, expects you to memorize every single little detail, including things she did not go over in class. You get points for showing up and doing nothing which is nice, but the lab quizzes and practicals are some of the hardest things I've ever done.
1.0 : Tamara's the worst. I got a 100% on my first lab and did every lab after exactly the same way but got below a C on them. I studied hard for the lab final and knew the answer to every question on the test but ended up with a C+... She is the worst grader and is very judgmental. I visited two other teachers in the HBIO205 lab and they were so nice
5.0 : Makes a relatively boring topic quite fun with real world experiences. A very successful entrepreneur himself and offers great career/life advice. Pretty easy class; not hard to get an A at all.
2.5 : This class has potential to be something really great and I'm sure the professor improves it every semester (he even improved/changed it several times during our semester, which was very confusing). In general, the professor wishes the best for his students, but he is just very confused, absent-minded, and difficult to understand because he mumbles
1.0 : -remember everything, take your time  10 hours before exam to remember ppts, you will have the chance to get A after exams. otherwise B is average -lecture not useful, attendance not required -making effort to group project, turned out failed -assignment instruction not clear sometimes -rude to help you with grades and assignemnt avoid if possible
1.0 : Professor was unorganized and seemed to be lost in the topics.  He was not vocally clear and tended to mumble at the end of his sentences.  Professor Lee was generally unorganized and I really question his knowledge on the topics he taught.  He constantly shifted strategies during the semester and was rude.  NEVER TAKE HIM AGAIN.
1.0 : Rude and very unorganized professor
1.5 : Long, open-ended tests. Can get by without textbook. Mocks students. Doesn't explain things well. So much homework. Assignments get mixed up, changes due dates frequently. Laughs a lot but not the kind you join in on. Attendance mandatory for second half of class.
1.0 : Has an awful tendency of going off on tangents -- class-time is never spent productively as he is more focused on sharing his irrelevant life experiences, than teaching the course. Exams are unfairly difficult. Not easily accessible outside the classroom (no set office hours, and slow at replying to e-mails). Rude, which makes him unapproachable.
1.5 : Professor Arab is one of the worst professors I have ever had at USC. She runs lectures long, she doesn't explain any of the topics she mentions, she doesn't know how to use the white board, and she is very rude.
2.0 : Took her for my first GE at USC... Regret it quite a lot now, really shouldn't have taken her... If you take her course for P/NP then it's fine, but for a letter grade, it's honestly quite hard to earn A-/A, since her grading criteria are quite strict for how many points she takes off on each assignment/test/etc. No curve.
1.5 : For her supposed expertise in the subject, a lot of the course is speculation. It was to the point where students corrected her on outdated points. Her lectures are hilarious and worth going to just for her tangents and mannerisms. Everyone should take this for the material (good life information) but the 2-unit option is plenty.
1.0 : Worst professor and TA's I've had in my 4 years at USC.  By far.  And I've had plenty of tough EE and CS classes.  She simply lacked any compassion for the class or her students.  Visible lack of effort in her lectures.  Extreme lack of communication for grading on hw and tests.  Honestly put a huge damper on my last semester at USC.
2.0 : Dr. Gabe lecture consists of talking about himself and talking down to the students that didn't get the material that he was lecturing. The assignments for this class are neurobiology exam, presentation,  and clinical case analysis paper. The neurobiology exam he really helps the students know all the material they need to pass the exam.
2.0 : the teacher had the potential to be really awesome but the way the class was taught, went over our heads and there was not a lot of checking in to see whether or not we were understanding the material and teaching style. The class is not overly difficult but it is new material for social workers. The teacher also tends to talk pretty fast.
2.0 : Meandering, convoluted lectures; lack of clear guidelines and directions; unresponsive to student feedback; intimidating and vague; and it doesn't help that she mispronounces words and has poor grammar (yes, English is her first language). On the positive side, she is easy to get in touch with - though making contact is unlikely to be helpful.
2.0 : Very critical and negative, muddled, unclear lectures, talks at you while you're supposed to be doing a quiz or reading instructions, does not respond to feedback or requests, and inflexible and punitive. As previously mentioned, replies quickly, but responses are pretty unhelpful, and may even leave you more confused.
1.0 : Class was taken by Ning Wang and David Pynadath. They don't really explain the topics, more like read off the slides and say some extra things. Assignments are an ordeal. Two weeks to complete each assignment. They will teach the topics of the assignment in the second week of the assignment. Changed one on the 10th day and no extension of deadline.
1.0 : Skip this class. Spend that time on making a text to speech translator. Now use that translator to read the slides. That is how taking this class feels like. Avoid if possible.
1.0 : Advice for future students - don't take AI under them. They will make you hate this amazing course.
3.0 : Cool class, very very tough grader.
1.0 : The worst professor I've ever had at USC. Her screenwriting knowledge is beyond outdated. She hasn't worked in the industry for years, and it shows. She made me never want to work in television.
1.0 : Absolutely one of the worst teachers. Too involved in her student's lives and no boundaries,  calling on nights and weekends, sending out 10 or more emails a week, and is very inconsistent.
2.5 : Be careful with group project. She is very big on them and supporting them in spite of the fact that members may not work in a group. This teacher will give you feed back but not in a digestible. Has serious knowledge over the subject matter, but takes a long time to warm up to her students and makes them feel unsure about there progress. Tough A
1.0 : This professor will make you feel confused and doubt your knowledge of theories. Subject matter is extremely dense; she doesn't make it easy. Her powerpoints are somewhat helpful. She will take points off for everything;  praise your paper and never give you and A, ever. Hardest grader ever experienced. Very monotone and doesn't seem friendly. GL
1.0 : Extremely unrealistic/unreasonable grader given the complexity and density of the material and comparatively meager explanation thereof.  Group projects are an exercise in social engineering as the strong students who prop up the weak ones will be penalized for the weak's shortcomings while the weak students will only benefit.
1.0 : Avoid if possible.  She will make you doubt yourself.  Not encouraging at all. Uses the texts, weekly readings, and checks all your async work.  If you work hard and think you deserve and A, she is definitely going to give you a B.  Hard to read, even if you meet with her int he office hours.  Skip her if you can!
2.0 : Not helpful when sought out during office hours. I would avoid this course.
2.0 : His GESM required only two papers throughout the entire semester, which had no set due dates. If you get your paper reviewed, it should not be hard to get an A. Showing up to class is optional but encouraged. No textbook or homework.
3.0 : The class has NO exams. Only graded off of three papers (which are basically opinionated). As long as you do the three papers and do well on them, you don't have to go to lecture. Don't miss discussion though if you don't go to lecture! John is very nice and can be confusing but is always more than happy to meet during office hours.
2.0 : The class has ZERO exams. Lectures are essentially pointless. I skipped half of them and got a good grade. Tends to go on a lot of tangents. Also half of the stuff you learn he makes up so you actually Google anything. YOU MUST GO TO DISCUSSION. So helpful! Follow what your TA tells you and you can get a good grade!
2.0 : He explains terribly about the material in his own book! The exams so far are not hard.
2.0 : hard to understand lecture; lots of homework; he uses the book he wrote, but hard to read the book and understand every point; syllabus has nothing on it, dont know final midterm schedule. final 50% mid 30% other 20% homework.
1.5 : This class is a nightmare. Why it's required for students to take I have no idea, because honestly I have no idea what I really learned from this class. None of the students understand the material. Dr. Mel makes the class convoluted and extremely confusing, which you can easily determine after the first few lectures.
1.0 : The final and second half of the class is based purely on memorization  and understanding things that have never been taught. Students have to scramble before the final googling literally every concept because nothing in the class has actually provided any meaningful learning experience. Dr. Mel has no idea how to properly convey information.
1.0 : This class was awful. He doesn't tell you what will be on the final and when you ask him questions about what material will be covered, he responds by telling you that learning how to formulate questions is a good skill to have. The amount of work required for this class is absurd (big homework assignments  + reading/ videos 2x a week)
1.0 : This class is terrible. He doesn't teach you anything then expects you to try to figure out what will even be on the test. It is also a ton of work that doesn't receive any credit but you have to do it or you'll fail.
1.0 : While the first half of the class was work heavy but clear in what we had to know, the second half of the class as less work but that is made up for the fact that I have learned more from wikipedia than from the professor. The worst is that I am trying to study for the final but can't figure out what material will be on the test.
2.0 : This class is a lot of outside work. 1st half of sem: 2 lecture vids, quiz, &amp; 2 HWs every week; midterm material is clear though. 2nd half of sem: less videos &amp; quizzes, matlab HW every 2 weeks; for the final you need to just memorize as much as you can from the handouts and hope that the curve will be in your favor. Lectures are mostly no help.
2.0 : Johnson means well but is trapped in the nonsense that is Writing 150. All students earn Bs until the final paper. Readings are dense, and he does not clearly articulate their importance but expects us to use them in our papers. He gives freedom in choosing topics, but the classroom experience is poorly organized and deadlines are too strict.
1.0 : Never take this class. He's one of those professors who doesn't know how to teach at all. His teaching style is atrocious. Lectures are based on Theory. He explains all problems on slides instead of working them out. Hard to follow the transition between steps. More often than not, he goes back anywhere between 1-10 slides to refer something.
1.5 : Boring lectures. Professor has good knowledge but can't express it clearly. Poor delivery/presentation. Dumps the content on slides. Haven't seen anyone who teaches problems also on the slides instead of working them out in the class. But all exams are problems-oriented, even though the lectures are full/only theory.  Most students hate to attend.
1.0 : Classes are boring and not engaging. Even chronic insomnia patients will fall sleep. All problems and materials are read from the slides. Even though he seems to be better of the other two professor (Spring, 2016) he fails to explain the content. I wish this course has a different set of lecturers
1.0 : Advice for future students - don't take AI under them. They will make you hate this amazing course.
1.0 : She only attended the class about three times. Sometimes she sent a substitute teacher (who taught better than she does). Sometimes no one showed up to teach the class. Sometimes the model didn't even show up. She would text us sometimes with outside assignments that we were to do on our as if that would make up for her skipping class.
1.0 : can't believe she had the audacity to show up for the last day of class after missing most of the semester the couple of times she was there her drawing demos were on autopilot, like something she'd prerecorded years ago, didn't relate to the models or our drawings
1.0 : The lecture are not so clear and related to homework.
1.0 : Pros: -None  Cons: -hard to understand her accent during lecture -poor lecture -hard midterm  Tip: Do your best on project 1 and 2 and all the exams, skip project 3 and 4.
1.0 : The lectures are not useful. The assignment are so hard.
1.0 : Literally reads from the slides, so attendance is pointless. Very little direction for the assignments (she has no experience with the assignments and can't help). Exams are very different from the content of the course.
3.0 : I mean we all knew OS would be hard, but is it Tatyana's fault? Yes, projects are insane - start early! But as CS/ CECS majors, we have to take this class so what to do.  Tatyana is boring and lecture has little to no connection to class, but it was her first semester teaching undergrad, so maybe it'll get better! She is nice and you learn a lot.
1.0 : Some of the worst lectures I have had at this school. She sits at the front and reads off the slides so there is little point in going to lecture. She wasn't able to answer questions on assignments, but the TAs are great.
1.0 : Professor English language was bad. Clarity was 0. Grades were bad too. Got no benefit from this course.
1.0 : She's just a really bad teacher. Reads off slides and unengaging. Gets salty from students not going to class. Try to avoid if you can. Seriously.
1.0 : Honestly not the worst thing in the world. She's a terrible professor, but a pretty sweet person. Like others said, lecture is pretty pointless because she reads off the slides &amp; her exams are pretty arbitrarily hard (basically you have to memorize the slides lol). Projects are TIME CONSUMING but kind of interesting if you know what you're doing.
1.0 : Please !! USC ....
2.0 : She is very knowledgable in her topics of healthcare policy. Class lectures are very informative, but demanding. She calls on random students and makes you feel dumb. Her grading is impossible. On "free" research papers, she severely docks for mild grammar and not using references SHE would have used. High ego, take someone else if possible.
1.0 : This class is not about our learning, but about Jess getting her name and mission out there and associating herself with USC. The amount we actually learn about personal branding is highly disappointing. The only good thing about the class is the final group project because we have real clients, but it comes too late to redeem the course material.
1.0 : he grades on a check minus, check, check plus basis but is incapable of calculating what those grades equate to on a grade scale.  He sees a check as a 3/5 effectively a D- and does not specify that in his syllabus, nor does he see the error in his grading methods. He is arrogant in his demeanor and lackadaisical in his teaching.
1.0 : Lectures were simply quotes from previously assigned readings, with no additional insight. She spends 90% of the class going around telling students to put their phones away, making the class even more useless as it turns into a kindergarten environment. Monotone and lacking in enthusiasm. Easily offended and seems to be consistently moody.
1.0 : Typically I do not say something bad about Profs unless they really sucks. If you are thinking about taking his EE451, I'd suggest you think again. Professor is not reachable via email. He also did not answer questions posted on Piazza. Course materials are poorly organized. All lecture slides are made by his PHD students. You won't learn anything.
1.0 : Very boring and do not care about students at all.
2.0 : Prof. Lee is nice, but he's clearly not used to explaining concepts effectively. He moves through material very quickly and often doesn't know how to complete the exercises he assigns in discussion. Print the slides before class and don't use your computer if you get distracted easily (he's not very engaging). Go to tutoring and study on your own!
2.0 : Literally does not explain anything in lecture. Simply throws up a PowerPoint and reads what's on there without going in depth. Be prepared to do 90% of your learning ON YOUR OWN. Nice guy I guess.. Just a TERRIBLE teacher. Do not take!
1.0 : Seriously if you go to lecture all he does is read the PowerPoint slides. He seems like a nice person, but he does not explain anything. If you have not taken Stats before you will be completely lost. Discussions are also a joke. I asked him a question during discussion regarding the assignment and he said I don't know!
1.0 : Dude is boring and not very helpful.  Hardly any point going to his lectures because he just reads off slides that you can look at on your own time.  Just know that the three exams are 75% of your grade.  Unless you don't mind learning the whole course on your own, find a different professor.
1.0 : I would avoid him - i took calculus I and II before  taking math 125 with him and I somehow got confused in his class
2.0 : hard to understand at times. I had taken calc 1 and 2 before and I had a hard time understanding him still
3.0 : For the first 15 minutes of class he will be very concise and clear regarding the material. After that, he often goes into info that is not covered during the course, which often makes students confused. I wouldn't recommend taking his class if you have trouble understanding concepts in mathematics, as he will probably just confuse you even more.
2.0 : He is very difficult to understand as a professor- there is a language issue where he often doesn't understand students' questions and also does not explain concepts in more than one way.  He also goes on tangents that are not useful.  He is very nice in lecture and makes jokes, but it does not redeem the quality of the lectures.
1.0 : Hogancamp is clearly an intelligent guy, but he is a terrible teacher. He often gets flustered and is unable or unwilling to answer students' questions and the lectures are full of mistakes. He purposefully delayed grading midterms until after the drop deadline because they didnt want anyone to drop his class. Also give excessive homework problems.
1.0 : He was very disorganized and was condescending to students in class. He did not prepare students for midterms and does not tell us what is on the tests. He doesn't do problems in class, so homework is difficult. He doesn't answer emails and sometimes doesn't show up to office hours. He won't even answer questions in class about tests and hw.
1.0 : He is very disorganized. His lectures are not clear and doesn't prepare you well for the exams. He doesn't show up for office hours and has never responded to one of my emails. Make sure you have a good TA.
1.0 : I can honestly say this is the worst professor I have had at USC. Always late to class and held the class over. Couldn't explain anything and lectures were not relevant to homeworks or tests. Clear miscommunications with TA and quizzes. I sent several emails requesting help, office hours, and a tutor that went unanswered.
4.0 : Great teacher. Very understanding and willing to help you out. You don't want to get behind or miss classes because he moves quickly.
2.0 : The guy knows math, but does not know how to teach it. He is terrible at lecturing.  He loves writing things on the board that have nothing to do with the work, "For an example..." or "The definition of (blank) is...." Sometimes he gets lost in his own thoughts. He's generally friendly and willing to help, but he just seems a little out of touch.
1.0 : Not a very good lecturer. Messes up a lot in lectures and makes everything unclear. Ridiculously long and sometimes unrelated examples. Honestly not really even worth it to go to lecture instead of just reading from the book. Not a bad guy, just a terrible lecturer and very absent minded.
3.0 : Explains things fairly well, but sometimes includes definitions which are irrelevant. Also included things on the test which were not mentioned in our lectures or discussions.
1.0 : He genuinely just messed up so often when writing on the board and explaining things in class that we didn't learn much; his TAs didn't do well in covering for him either.  The tests were so much harder than any homework problem assigned and he wildly underprepared us.  He's not a mean guy at all, just not a good teacher.
3.0 : As the founder of Kinko's, Paul is a true entrepreneur with lots of real-world experience. The class is a dinner series at the University Club where you eat, talk about current events, and listen to guest speakers. He likes to put people on the spot, which can be intimidating, but he means well. Unconventional/learned a lot of practical knowledge.
1.0 : He is simply rude. Your opinion does not matter in this class. He likes to put people on the spot and calls students his "victims". The class isn't about entrepreneurship, it's about articles he's interested in, mostly Fed and interest rates. I regret having taken him, he was probably the worst professor I've had my entire college life.
1.0 : Frequently shows up to class unprepared, lectures are endless and uninspiring. Group project is worth half your final grade and if you miss 2 classes you cannot get an A. No clear directions for assignments, ever. Breakdown for final grade did not happen until mid-November. The syllabus gets completely disregarded. Avoid her class at all costs.
1.0 : Attendance is 25% so if you miss a class, regardless of it's excused, your grade drops. Classes are unclear, unorganized, and repetitive. Not worth the 3.5 hour class period. The syllabus is useless and there are no clear directions for assignments. Won't answer your q's and will not teach you about grant writing. Worst class I have taken at USC.
1.0 : Syllabus was unclear and then altogether abandoned. We never received any formal lectures or demonstrations on how to write grants. She was extremely condescending to the class on multiple occasions. She did not finalize the grade breakdown until the 12th week of class. For every class you miss, your grade drops 5%.
1.0 : Not a great prof
2.0 : The unequivocal worst. Boring, dry, monotone, kinda choppy/slow. Taught things very theoretically (long proofs, few examples etc.) Made things more confusing than they needed to be (e.g. taught non-homogeneous equations in a very odd way).  Ended up dropping the class 2/3 in, and this semester I have a much better professor.
2.0 : You can tell he was a hard-working professor, but just not a great professor
1.0 : If you really like math and want to actually learn new stuff, I do not recommend this professor. You can tell he is trying hard, but he is not confident and always doubts himself. He also goes over the most basic stuff in this higher level course. I am just not learning new things in this class. It's extremely boring. But I mean, easy A, you know.
3.0 : He's an okay lecturer. Not as bad as other people said. Course materials are hard and confusing but if you study hard enough you'll be fine. No tricky questions on the exams and sometimes he curved the exams too. Weekly HW/QUIZ which were based on textbook problems.
4.0 : He's a funny professor who teaches pretty well, if prone to going on irrelevant tangents. He's very approachable and gets really excited about math. There's a reasonable amount of homework every week. Attendance is important because he doesn't post notes online and you have to turn in your homework, but he doesn't actively take attendance.
1.0 : Nice guy, but not a good teacher. 2 midterms &amp; 1 final, lots of homework &amp; a quiz every week. Test are hard and he's a tough grader; doesn't curve &amp; doesn't give any good feedback. HW and quizzes are easy compared to the test, study guides are irrelevant. You need to go to TA discussions. Classes are useless, reads off the txtbook and jokes around.
2.0 : He's okay, you just have to be do a lot on your own. Don't take this if you didn't take Calculus before. Test are not that hard, but he's a very tough grader.
1.0 : Not a good professor. Assigns a good amount of homework every week and gives quizzes once a week that have no correlation to the midterms. Doesn't curve either and is a tough grader. Study a lot on your own because he doesn't prepare you for whats on the tests. Do not take if you have not taken Calc before.
3.0 : Prof Wolcott is very young, and that might be the reason why he's so confusing. I had already taken calculus in high school but I still struggled a little bit. The weekly quizzes could be annoying but also help you stay focused on what you're doing all the time. Take only if you're pretty good at math / have already taken calc.
2.0 : Prof Wolcott does not explain concepts well.  He only gives out worksheets and students have to figure it out for themselves, without providing answers to the worksheets.  Unless u have taken calc before, this class will be a toughie.  2 midterms and final.  TA screws u over on quiz grading.
5.0 : He is really nice professor who tries to help students out. He gives examples so that we can understand more easily. Since he explains and goes over everything, it is clear that what you need to learn. Quizzes are beneficial since it helps you to keep it up and understand the materials. Take his class if you can!!
1.0 : This was by far the worst math class ive ever taken. The TA's were very unqualified and the class would often have to correct their work. Frank grades very hard and does not curve at all and gives a lot of homework that he does not teach you how to do. Do not take this class especially if you have not ever taken calculus before
1.0 : The worst professor I've had. He can be a good TA, because all he does is review what you already know about calculus. If you havent taken calculus before, you wont do well. He doesn't know how to teach and the exams are irrelevant to what he teaches. Exams and homeworks are very hard.
1.0 : Since I failed, I'm going to have to retake this class to be in Marshall. But, I'm definitely not taking it with him again.
1.0 : He doesn't care about the class, he cares about the grades his students get so he doesn't look bad. He doesn't realize that he didn't teach us anything, and we did everything on our own. Its a waste of time being in his class.
1.0 : Lectures are dry. Homework not graded. Solutions not released. Exams not handed back.
1.0 : Funny old dude but boring and unorganized lectures. And he has great trouble explaining the concepts from time to time. The only thing to study for the exams is the ungraded homework (with NO solutions released). You are expected to learn pretty much everything by yourself, and you'll probably end up with a better grade by doing so.
1.0 : Professor Shen had some most unorganized lecture slides I have ever seen, and they are also super information-heavy, and unfortunately, he does no do a good job explaining them in lecture either. He also doesn't grade your homework and doesn't give you solutions to those ("makes people lazy").
1.0 : Professor thinks that everyone will do well, and clearly hasn't taught this course many times. Averages for exams were around a C-D range. Reading and lectures are both really dense and homework is time consuming, and solutions aren't released for the homeworks. It's a shame this is a required course.
2.0 : The professor gives feedback on papers but even after you edit your paper with those feedbacks gets upset with edits done. The professor gave too much homework and taught very little about writing styles.
1.0 : Dr. de la Haye is the worst teacher I have had in graduate school. She is unclear in her requirements, and grades hard, after not explaining things well. She prints out thousands of papers every class to avoid students using computers. She reads off her notes during lectures. Group project worth a large part of grade, but poor instructions.
2.0 : Lisa was my producer teacher for CTPR310 and she was extremely unhelpful. She is a fine human being - but she talked too much and wasted class time and did not know the answer to any of our questions. 310 is very stressful and she was not a calming presence in my time of need.
1.0 : Class is boring (goes over reading that you won't be tested on), and he himself is not a great public speaker.  Very uninspiring class, but I did get better at public speaking just by giving 5 speeches in front of the class.
1.0 : Take public speaking with any other professor. He grades extremely harshly and gives a ton of supplemental assignments that I know other professors did not give. I have become a bit better at public speaking, but no part of me enjoyed this class.
2.0 : At the first time, I think is easy to earn A from this course, I attended all of her lectures, never missed her class. get 10 out 10 points for my journal assignment and got an A for final presentation.   Finally, I end up with B in her course, I got shocked. she did not explain in details about the grade. Choose other class if you really want to s
2.0 : The first half of the semester was taught by Yaron Levi which was a great professor A+ reviews. 2nd half was taught by Miao Zhang. 2nd half material was more difficult and the teacher was less effective. Lectures didn't correlate well with the tests. Textbook was useless. Self taught.
1.0 : Terrible, Doesn't know how to explain things in English. Excessive use of broken sentences.  Tons of "you know" and "right?" are mixed in his sentences. He spent 30 minutes to explain the concept of EMH but was a mess. Classes are extremely useless. I totally depended on self learning after he took over the class. Your faith in finance will shatter
2.0 : Just don't take her. Lazy to grade and explain instructions or even tell you what you need to improve on assignments. Just did not help at all.
2.0 : buad 304 is a ridiculous class that gives insane amounts of homework.  talk about a 2.5 hour video lecture, 5 readings, case, and a case analysis due sunday night.  professor lee grades very hard and does not explain why.  peer evaluations are very strict and affect ur grade.  u have to go to class cause participation matters.
2.0 : He's very vague and the class material is vague too. He does try to make it interesting though. Lots of group work and class activities. Inspite of getting 95+ on my midterms and finals he still gave me a B-... would not recommend.
2.0 : I took NLP under him the first time he taught it. He's more of a researcher than a lecturer. But, if you manage to follow him in class, you'll end up learning a lot.  8 assignments 5%each 2 exams 10% each Group project 30% 10 quizzes 1% each Might seem trivial, but in the end people missed out on a higher grades by .1 or .2 marks. Doesn't round up
2.0 : Difficult to find any cohesiveness in his lectures- very disorganized information.  His essay prompts are extremely unclear and he does have clear expectations he does not communicate.  Midterms are difficult since there is no organization to lecture.  Insane amounts of reading- 90-120 pages per week
1.0 : He doesn't provide us with any grade during the semester, so I am so confused why I got a B... His class is quite tough for a 2-unit elective and beginning course. His course made me lose interest in Jazz.
2.0 : -Asian teacher and Asian mode for tests. -group project through the first week -extra credit 4 in total -presentation -lecture not useful. memory useful for class -even point out who was the toppest score on midterm! -test 5%calculate 95%memory -boring class and learn little thing
1.0 : This might be the only time where I would say DON'T go to lecture. It'll probably make you more confused because he has trouble explaining things clearly. His homework and lecture material teaches different things. Test are from book material and seldom from class work at all. Additionally, he's still very hard to understand even in lecture.
1.0 : WORST PROFESSOR EVER!! Hong is the worst professor I've ever had at Annenberg, or even at USC. There are basically three situations when it comes to her lecture: she reads slides (that's the best situation), she gave a documentary (yes during the entire lecture time), she doesn't even come. I don't get it why she can be chosen as a professor at USC
2.0 : Worst professor I've had at USC. She barely knew what she was talking about, and was unable to answer any of my questions. Her slides were regurgitations of the textbooks readings, and she even put the same exact pictures from the textbook to put them onto slides. Barely went into detail about material. Lectures were dry, boring, and bare bones.
1.0 : Veli drones on and on about nothing. No power point, just him talking. He expects you to fill in all of the awkward silences that he creates. You'll read a book every single week (sometimes up to 500 pages) and have to write a report on it, which he will never give feedback on and then criticize later. Avoid at all costs.
1.0 : Avoid this prof. One of the worst I had at USC. Harsh grader, claims the class is a "safe space", yet has an attitude towards students. It's a lower division course that was great with Prof. Freeman, but this TA honestly ruined the experience.
2.0 : Overall Hogencamp is a nice guy and really enthusiastic about the class. However, the class was very disorganized and was definitely hard to follow. The big thing about his exams is that they were WAY too long so many people did badly because they couldn't finish. Not the worst professor, but I would recommend someone else if possible.
2.0 : Professor Blaine is passionate about gender studies but her course is too expansive, I mean you can't teach everything about gender studies in one semester. She just stuffs so much information in one semester, students feel completely lost. If you do take this class DO NOT go to Emily Raymundo's discussion, she is the hardest most discouraging TA
2.0 : There is so much information, and the final is all essay, short answer. There is no review in class and the TA, Emily Raymundo, does not do a review either. She allows the class to make a list of key terms, but if you just study the key terms you will get a C.
1.0 : Dumpster fire of a class and professor. Can't write quizzes for his life and random group members was quite possibly the worst experience of my college career.  people say thermo and reactors was bad but this is a whole different level.  Unfortunately cannot avoid him as a cheme, good luck.
1.0 : Well, seems nice but you will shock in the final semester when you saw your final grade. I don't know how she calculates the grade. Such a disappointing adjunct professor. Better for you to avoid her class. if you want good grade to avoid her. Suck!
2.0 : Definition of a strict and hard-grading TA. Grades weekly papers like they're thesis dissertations and if you miss class or even a minute late to discussion you'll be marked as absent. I don't recommend.
1.0 : Take someone else.
1.0 : This professor WILL exploit you for your money. She actually tells students to go to to her seminar in Colorado and they will get an automatic A (FYI you have to pay to get into the seminar on top of your airline ticket). If you don't go you the best you'll get is a B+. My GPA went from a 4.0 to a 3.98 just because I couldn't afford to go to CO.
2.0 : Difficult class
1.0 : Professor Datta is unclear to her expectations from students.  This class should have been interesting to take, but she came unprepared to teach the material.  She was unable to answer questions students had about the material.  Yet,  she was a tough grader, and she was not very accessible outside of the classroom.
1.0 : it seems like the professor has forgot some of the concepts like angular momentum. He cannot do some of the problems in his lecture slides because he has not done similar problems. And he changes the answers of his homework problems frequently. He randomly gives quiz and you get the chance to drop two of the lowest but he is a nice person overall
1.0 : Will often go through a problem in class then erase almost all of it saying he did it wrong. Goes over very simple problems in lectures, and you are expected to make some pretty big leaps for the homeworks... Really enthusiastic about the class but not really the best at explaining tough concepts
4.0 : Tough professor, but passionate and enthusiastic. First semester of teaching, so he wasn't as strong as other professors. Do the homework and as much practice problems as possible. This will prepare you as much as you can for the massacre that are the exams in this course. Don't ever miss lecture, and go to office hours. Was generous on the final.
1.0 : Really boring teacher in general and hard to stay engaged in class. She expects you to know every specific thing in the textbook about topics we didn't even learn in class. She also doesn't seem to know much about nutrition - most questions students ask she won't be able to answer or just recites whatever she sees from google.
1.0 : She teaches very bad and clearly doesn't know the subject. She clearly gets all her test questions straight from a test bank and have questions on things we obviously didn't cover. I'm really into nutrition, but I learned nothing with this class. She's a super boring teacher and not sympathetic at all to students. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!
1.0 : just take another professor if you have the option. Trust me.
1.0 : She takes herself very seriously and is very strict about both participation and attendance. Her lectures are hard to follow(boring) and the notes don't really help when writing papers. Also, there is a lot of reading and homework for every class.
1.0 : This professor is very knowledgeable. However, she often, but not always, seems to be angry.
1.0 : Her lectures are monologues and I fell asleep most classes. You HAVE to go to class and do the reading responses. Although she seems cold and angry, if you reach out, she is more than happy to help with your essays (and you get better grades). The content of the class is interesting but she doesn't format her class in a welcoming/engaging way.
1.0 : Professor Wong was the worst professor I have had at USC! He is too young to be teaching. His Calc 1 class was set up like a PhD level math class. He taught us many things that we never needed to learn, and therefore we wasted time. His exams were nearly impossible, and did not mimic anything learned in class. He made me hate math. Avoid him!
1.0 : I can't begin to explain how awful of a professor kolnick is. We sit in her class for an hour and fifty minutes where she rambles on about nothing in very monotone voice. Shame on USC for forcing real estate development students pay for this course when it has nothing to do with real estate development. Used to be a ppd class just changed the name
1.0 : Her lectures are really boring. She just posts slides on pictures of cities and makes stuff up about them . She literally just says whatever she feels like, none of it has any connection to anything. She assigns three very long readings a week and there are pop quizzes. She grades assignments very harshly and much of the grading is based on grammar
1.0 : She gives so much reading and so much work. it is not such an important class and she is so boring. avoid at all cost. reading are like 100 pages a week and they are so long so boring.
1.0 : Worst professor ever. Her assignments don't make any sense. She grades very harshly
4.0 : Great professor takes time to meet with you and explain concepts. Will definitely make you work for your grade!
2.0 : Can't receive a lot of information from class. Speaking too fast, and can't give the key point for lecture material. Must spend a lot of time after class.
1.0 : Soooo much and difficult homework and the leader board makes me exhausted because we are graded by our performance against others. But, It's just homework. The exam paper is as long as a book! And the grader is tough, hard to expect effective help, not to speak of TA. I am soooo regretful that I SHOULD take this course.
4.0 : This course is difficult for me since I have no background in NLP before. And it's hard for me to digest the content at the beginning. But there's helpful resource on Piazza and internet. Professor does answer questions in a timely manner. So do TAs. The homework takes me time, especially performance tuning. However, generally, I learn a lot.
2.0 : I would not suggest anyone to take this class,Lectures are fast paced,assignments with erroneous input data that are never returned on time and may reduce your grade if your put up a regrade request,highly focused on competition and comparison between students rather than an individual assessment or encouraging a learning experience
1.0 : The good course ruined by worst lecturer.
2.0 : Test was extremely difficult and didnt really feel like they were related to his lecture slides. Lots of applications and didnt feel like he prepared us for the questions he asked
1.0 : His lectures are impossible to understand as he flies through tough concepts and doesn't help at all when you ask questions. Therefore you need to spend hours reading the book and even if you know it all, you'll fail the test because it's filled with application questions we never discussed. Horrible teacher!
1.0 : His lectures are ridiculously unhelpful as he skims through nonsense slides far too quickly. His one midterm was full of vague application questions that were never taught to students. His practice test was nothing like the real test. His grading scheme was so specific that students wouldn't get points unless every word was the exact same as his.
1.0 : WORST PROFESSOR. EXAM TESTED CONCEPTS NOT GONE OVER. FIRST TIME TEACHING THIS COURSE, OR ANY COURSE AS A LECTURER, INEXPERIENCED. AVOID TAKING THIS CLASS. MOST OF US GOT 40-60%. EXAMS DO NOT COVER MATERIAL IN CLASS. ALL APPLICATION QUESTIONS.
5.0 : I had him as a TA for freshman bio and he was incredible. Not sure how he is as a lecturer though. Since he helped edit the lab manual he always knew what we were supposed to be doing and was fine bending the experiments a bit since he was the grader.
1.0 : The answers he requires on exam questions are absurdly specific. If you do not write word for word exactly what he wants to see, you will not get credit for your answer, even if you've demonstrated significant knowledge of what is being asked. This is especially concerning because his lectures are a mess, probably because of inexperience.
2.0 : If you hate yourself this lab is the right place for you! Super unclear syllabus. Tricky tricky final. Hadjidaniel means well but there are easier TAs.
1.0 : Great guy but terrible lecturer; first time lecturing; doesn't know how to give a lecture and how to give assignments; midterm covers uncovered contents in lecture; assignment instructions are unclear.
1.0 : Great guy but always busy, cannot access him outside of class. First time lecturing, always dragged away by unrelated questions. Lectures are hard, homework is harder, and the midterm is the hardest. Give totally uncovered homework and midterm and is an experimental course that doesn't have a specific syllabus. Prepare to learn on your own.
1.0 : Do not really care about students and do not care for the class. Always let TAs handle everything. Do not have a clear rubric.
1.0 : Prof Davis is a qualified individual however, she is very set in her ways. She has the mind of a journalist and does not like opinions that do not match up with her own. You must attend class and participate. Overall, I would not take her again as she can be cold and rude to students.
