4.0 : Dr. Martin is an Alright prof. he is clear with his material and always makes sure that you understand the topic before you head to the test, Quiz, or exam. best thing is the summary the day before the test...
4.0 : Dr. Martin is a great and entertaining humanities instructor. I learned a lot of new information about the classic literature we were studying. He knows his stuff!
3.0 : There are other professors who teaches BIOL 250 at BenU, but I decided to give Dr. Martin a try because people said he was the best.   Honestly,  he knows what he teaches but can be very confusing at times.  His tests are jumbo'd up and confusing as well.   Bottom line: I should have taken a different professor.  Good Luck.
4.0 : Professor Martin is a very reasonable teacher. If you miss a day of class, you will miss a lot of notes. He had quizzes regularly based on the notes. He reviewed and pointed out exactly what would be covered on tests. Super easy final. As long as you take notes or obtain them from a classmate when absent, you should be able to pass with an A.
5.0 : If  you go to him for help, he will explain everything to you. The tests are exactly like the notes. He literally tells us what will be on the tests. There is no such thing as pop quizzes. He tells you there will be one the next class and if you STUDY your exact notes you will get an A. There is extra credit on the third test.
3.0 : Avoid this class if you think it's going to be an easy elective or easy A.  Exact opposite of this and he is old school stuck in his ways, his way or the highway type of teacher. You can have an answer completely right on the exam but because he didn't like you or your wording it will be wrong. Student beware !
4.0 : He's caught on that people take this class as an easy biol300 elective. It is one of the easier ones, however, be ready to put in work for an A
4.0 : Dr. Martin is a very good teacher. He goes through a lot of material in class, but will go over it as many times until everyone understands. If you miss a lecture you're screwed. You need to memorize every single detail of your notes and also the practice problems he recommends are helpful to work through. Just spend a lot of time studying!
5.0 : Greatest professor ever. Truly cares about her students.
5.0 : Dr. Moran is one of the best professors I've had at Benedictine so far. Every single class,I never got bored. She keeps the class interesting, and her papers and tests are easy.
5.0 : Dr. Moran is a great teacher overall. In her Personality Psych class, expect to study a lot for her exams! All of her exams require for you to know your stuff because every answer must be written in short paragraphs and there is no multiple choice (besides some matching). She is very helpful and makes every lecture fun and interesting.
1.5 : Class requires a lot of reading and writing, but she does not grade of discuss the material. Simply busy work. Lectures consist of her personal stories and are irrelevant to the material being taught. Her grading does not reflect the syllabus or rubrics used, and seems to be more related to her opinion of you. Good researcher, poor teacher.
3.5 : Absolutely loved this professor. Yes, she talks about her personal life but it's all in good faith. It gives you a wonderful insight on what is to be expected of a psychiatrist/therapist. Exams are the lectures, she will point out what is possibly on the exam. No multiple choice, just short essay. SHE'S A SWEETHEART. Easy class if you work hard.
5.0 : Such a sweet lady. Just do the essays and you're golden. If you need help and go to her office she will happily try to help you if you genuinely need it. Classes were fun and interesting. Also she loves horses.
4.5 : Dr. Moran is one of my favorite professors. Great semester with her. Always is!
4.0 : I don't recommend walking into her class and planning on a lot of structure. At first this really frustrated me, because I had so many other classes and wanted to plan ahead. You get used to her laid-black attitude and then enjoy her class even more. There's no way that you can get a bad grade in her class unless you don't try.
4.0 : Professor Kubek seems to have gotten a better structer in her class compared to the other reviews posted. Shes a pretty fair grader, not too tough and knows her material quite well. I'd recommend her!
5.0 : Father Julian's the bomb. Crazy easy class, just gotta suck it up and write 4 6-page papers (unrelated to the lectures) for an A. Lectures are dull and you gotta go, but you can bring your laptop and work on other homework the whole time. You will need Le Morte d'Arthur for one paper, but I just torrented an ebook and used that.
5.0 : So easy and flexible. Entire class is graded on four 6-page papers - but don't worry, he grades them extremely easily. Almost everyone got As on all of them, and if you want more time to do them, all you have to do is ask. You can't miss more than 4 classes, but you can just do other homework during it - nothing in lecture is needed or tested.
3.0 : Dr. Ferroni is chill, because he posts his lectures for intro to organic chem online. However, he flies through material leaving you feeling confused. He teaches, but doesn't explain.
5.0 : biochemistry lab with Dr. Ferroni is easy. All you do is play with vials. Be prepared for weekly quizzes and have your prelab done.
5.0 : He is great
5.0 : Ferroni is a great guy with a love for his students and his job. He is straight forward with his teaching and WANTS you to succeed.  I highly recommend taking him, you will not regret it.
5.0 : Hands down best professor at BU! I wish he taught other chemistry classes because he actually teaches and cares for his students. He is a hilarious guy and if you just do what he says you're guaranteed an A. Def recommend him!
5.0 : Ferroni is hilarious! He's a great teacher who does his best to make sure his students get A's. He's very laid back and is always willing to help. Take him!
5.0 : he doesn't seem very friendly at first, but he has a good side. know your information before you get to class and it will be easy
5.0 : My favorite teacher!
3.0 : Professor Goines is a really good guy. His class is kind of boring tbh, but he definitely knows a lot about the topic. Tests are hard, and not a lot of outside assignments. Have to do a Globalization Journal of 15 one pagers due at end of semester. Grade return is splotchy. Got one test back the week of, next one 3 weeks after.
5.0 : Dr. Mikula was a very great instructor.  i thoroughly enjoyed her class and her lectures.  her personal stories were amazing to hear and made class worthwhile to attend.  very easy going and understanding if you forgot to hand in an assignment.  really willing to work with her students on deadlines if there was an issue.
5.0 : Dr. Mikula is an inspiration. She is a feminist who loves to teach her students about women's issues. She is very approachable. Her classes are easy just make sure to buy the books and finish all the assignments she gives you. Shes a fan of take home finals! You don't have to come to her class, but make sure to finish all the h.w for an A!
5.0 : Thank your lucky stars if John is your professor. He is fun and understanding. He does not make you do busy work.
4.5 : Dr.Zughoul is great! He's very sincere and the class is easy as long as you follow his guidelines. Be sure to show him that you care and he'll like you and be more willing to help you out.
4.5 : Very nice lady, but aside from her quirky personality  her lectures were a bit on the dull side. You'll have one page papers due once a week and a couple of research papers along with a final project/paper (also a final take-home exam). My advice would be to go with the project since there's a lot more avenues and plus she grades less harshly.
5.0 : Water &amp; the Great Lakes W.I. class. ONLY three 3-page papers on the same topic, then you combine those papers to get 1 research paper at the end! SOOO easy! I had no particular interest in the class, but she is passionate about saving our water. Attendance kinda matters (10%), you sign your name on a sheet in the beginning of class.
5.0 : She is absolutely hysterical!Her attendance policy is funny cause she picks when to come to class or not. Don't be surprised if she ditches. Plus her class is super easy and easy to get an A in the class. Just do the papers and read the book and you are good to go!
4.5 : NO exams. Although lectures are long &amp; honestly pointless,bring a laptop and work on your papers in class so you don't feel like your time is wasted. I did well,but I noticed other students getting B's+C's. Write in a "scholarly" manner,don't use 3+ quotes that're 3 lines long, write the required length. DONT PLAGERIZE, students have been caught.
2.0 : Professor Thillens is a very nice, sweet woman. She talks very slow, and a three hour night class drags on and is painful. Her class was extremely easy.
5.0 : Course consists of 4 speeches, midterm, and final. Just follow the rubric for each speech and you will pass. I am taking a 3 hour course&amp; it is painful and long. Her class can legit be taught in an hour but she drags it out. She goes over the powerpoint too fast. She is a really nice, funny lady though
4.5 : Very easy, extremely boring! Holds class till close to actually end time. Drags on, would of enjoyed it more if there was a different professor. He is very knowledgable on subject, expects too much for 100 class. Also very strict on attendance, he will lower grade from one absence.
5.0 : Dr. Sarver is the bomb. She is a nice, easy person to get along with.  Not afraid to speak her mind. If you are a PLSC, CJUS, or Social Science major, you need to take this class with this professor. If you are just taking this as a core elective and have no interest in law, I would suggest taking PLSC 101 Global Affairs. Dont buy the book.
4.0 : Love Sarver.  I look forward to her classes everyday.  That being said they are very difficult.  I am an A student and I had to work in this class.  She teaches it as a if it were an actual law school class.  Depending what level you take the class at and how you do on your midterm the final can be worth up to 70% of your grade. Still loved it!
5.0 : Great professor. I felt that his class approached a comfortable median in terms of difficulty. He's very critical with papers, but he does so in a manner to help you improve. Just make sure to read the assigned texts and to participate in discussions and you're solid. Very nice guy too.
4.5 : I was borderline failing chemistry in high school and I got an A in his class! It didn't come easy, though. I studied his supplement book word by word. Do the practice problems in the supp book and his review packets. Pay attention in class and put the hours in for studying. There's no trick to it. Study really hard, ask for help and you'll be fine
4.5 : I'd highly recommend him! He teaches well and I learned a lot. He doesn't give homework, but you must study hard for the tests! You should buy the supplement book, but I never opened the textbook. He is nice and very respected. Register as early as possible because his classes fill up fast!
1.5 : I would never recommend this professor. Yes, his exams are from his supplement book but Chemistry is meant to be understood and not memorized. There is a reason he is being paid which is to actually teach the class not just walk around talking!
5.0 : Definitely take him if you want to actually learn something. Very nice person and great at explaining the concepts. His tests are fair, but like with any other class, don't expect to automatically do well without studying and paying attention.
2.5 : This professor is overrated. I've taken chemistry classes prior to this one had As in them but with McMahon my money has gone to a waste. His grades are just tests and be prepared to teach yourself I don't recommend him.
3.5 : Dr. McMahon is very passionate about chemistry and I respect him for that. He loves what he teaches. However, people really overrated him. I'd stick to my 1st semester chemistry teacher. He has a unique style of teaching, but I did not like his teaching style because it was monotonous. However, he is really helpful, and grades quickly.
5.0 : Very nice teacher i had him both for chem 1 and chem 2. His test are straight from handouts and supplement books.  Chem 1 was easy but chem 2 was harder becuase he had alot of multiple choice questions which were hard. Overall hes the best normal science teacher in that whole school. Plus dont buy the text book, just get the supplement book
5.0 : chem 2 is harder than chem 1 but only because of mult choice. do the practice problems and KNOW the concepts, 75 is a B in the class. Only 5/6 exams (1 drops). You NEED to put in the hours for exams, overall nice professor &amp; best chem prof at BU. TAKE HIM. He curves at the end if you talk to him (ask ?'s!!) Buy supp book only.
3.0 : McMahon cares about his students, you will pass if you have extra time to go to his office hours. His own chemistry manual for his class is mandatory in order to pass. He only wrote on the board during his lectures, it was hard to stay awake. There was only 4 exams then the final no other choices to raise your grade.
4.0 : Dr. McMahon is a great guy! It is not an easy class, but if you attend class, take notes, do the practice packets, you should be fine. The practice packets are a very good prep for the exams! He references his own supplement vs. textbook. His exams are mostly FRQ's which is good bc he gives partial points. MC section requires conceptual thinking.
5.0 : Dr. McMahon was a great professor. He didn't use the textbook; instead he made use of a supplement that he wrote (one which took out the extra fillers in textbooks). He'd teach a couple of lessons, then he'd give us an exam which covered that same material. Was available for any questions. Just pay attention and you'll be good to go for gen chem II
4.0 : McMahon is the best chemistry teacher ever! His lectures are sometimes long and boring, but if you don't skip class, take notes, and do the worksheets you can get a B or an A. To do well in this class practice the concepts you are learning and read and do the problems in the supplement booklet as well. Also, put in the hours when you study!
5.0 : Really good chem professor. Probably the best one at benedictine. If you have the chance to take him DO IT!!!
4.5 : McMahon is one of the best professors at Benedictine! If you want to learn anything in chem and pass the class, TAKE HIM! I didn't even use the gen chem textbook just buy his own supplement book and you are golden for the semester. Chemistry does require a lot of studying and practice but an A or B is very attainable.
4.0 : I took this class as an online class. Professor Diorio was a good instructor and very helpful. She really wanted to see you succeed. She was a little slow on the grading but she told us up front that she did not like grading papers. Overall, she was a good instructor. I would recommend.
5.0 : He is the most amazing teacher ever!!! If you suck at math take him because he is a very good teacher!! I have never done better in a math class in my entire life, until I took this class! He is really funny and a very nice person as well. You will never be bored in his class. Just make sure you study for his exams!!! Practice a lot of problems!!
5.0 : Dr. Nadolski is AMAZING! He really has fun in with his lectures and keeps the class laughing and smiling no matter how hard the material. He tells you EXACTLY what will be on the tests so NO SURPRISES. I looked at the notes ahead of time, did most of the homework and got 105%, 105% and 95% on his exams. He is by far the BEST math instructor around!
4.0 : Dr. N is awesome!!! I never understood math so much in my  life! He is SOO good at explaining the material and he made class super fun! TAKE HIM!!
2.0 : Dr. nadolski is probably one of the worst math teachers i have ever had.  His tests are really hard.    He has such a stupid attitude during times in class.  Avoid him and dont take this class with him.
4.5 : Dr. Nadolski is a really great teacher. His lectures are thorough and easy to follow. Yes his tests are difficult, most calc tests are, but they are doable. If you go to his office hours, he actually helps you instead of making you feel like you're dumb. I definitely recommend taking one of his classes!
5.0 : I have taken 4 courses with Dr. Gahala. Without a doubt my favorite professor. He believes and cares in all his students. The book is absolutely mandatory; it'll be your guide for cases and exams. 380's Harvard cases can be frustrating to work with at times, but you'll be fine if you work hard. Very sad that there's no more classes left with him.
5.0 : I took Chuck Gahala class 26 years ago in 1988 and have enjoyed a great ride in the financial services industry. I can't say enough how much his class alone guided me into working for finance company's like GE Capital and Key Bank and now ultimately  owning my own leasing and loan services company.  I highly recommend his Finance class.
5.0 : I LOVE PROFESSOR DEVALL, she made the class absolutely amazing and so much fun. Once of my favorite professors and one of my favorite classes ever. She's super knowledgable about the education industry and has so many stories to tell that reinforce what you learn about.
5.0 : Dr. Devall is an absolutely amazing professor.  She always made class so much fun.  Her lectures are fantastic, and she always relates her own experiences to the lesson.  She is always willing to give extra help and the projects she gives are so much fun. Probably one of the most memorable classes I've had at BU!  Take this class!!!!!!!
3.0 : I would back the "steer clear of him" comment if you are male. Great teacher. but take the phrase "we're very laid back here" with caution. His class is good, I myself would have had better odds trading on an option exchange.
4.0 : He is an easy-A. You get homework assigned a few times, plus 3 articles relating computer science to your major and 2 case studies in a group of 4. The homework is long and tedious but SOOOOO easy. He has PP slides as notes for class posted on D2L. The lab CMSC 182 is also SUPER easy,you just follow directions to edit excel files. Takes attendance!
4.0 : Long but easy hmwk/assignments(grade boosters). If you do the work, you'll get an A. Study a few days before exams and  look at the practice exams he posts. 40% of those questions are the EXACT same ones you will see on the exam. NO PAPERS. 3 exams, 3rd(final) is NON-cumulative!!
5.0 : Is a really nice guy, and wants you to succeed in his class. Stay on top of the readings and you should not have too much trouble keeping up.
4.5 : Go to class, take notes from his powerpoint presentations and you'll do fine on the test. He posts all material on D2L which is helpful to go over when studying for tests. Put in the work and you'll be just fine.
3.5 : The material was interesting and lectures were okay. However, he is a tough grader and has no mercy. If you turn in assignment 5 minutes late he deducts 5 points. I think it's a bit too hard for non-computer science majors. Also, I wish he talked more about practical stuff like database and other office software.
1.5 : Often confuses students with his strong mathematical approach to all his programming problems. At times noticed he was quite condescending and rude to certain students and more favorable to the gifted ones. Homework is optional yet he doesn't go over it in class. Exams are ALL conceptual and labs are a deduction of 10 points even if u 4get ur name.
1.0 : in csmc 200, it is basically a self taught class. he doesnt go over anything correctly often messes up with programming assignments. doesnt explain anything well tells just refer to the book.  a suggestion is just to the assignments he posts online because that will help on the test.
4.0 : Very smart guy and helps when he can, helpful during office hours also. His assignments aren't hard but you will need your book
3.0 : Dr. nohl is a ok teacher. However, he really doesnt explain things well at least in my opinion.  Make sure you know what you are doing for the labs and projects in the class.
5.0 : Class is great and doesn't trick you too much. Am concerned with some assignments, with him essentially giving us answers on projects. Thought the class was for teaching the programming concepts but it's geared toward teaching Python syntax. But great teacher overall. Put in the work and readings, should have no problem getting an A.
5.0 : Dr. Kauth is one of the best teachers I have had during my school career. She is very passionate about the environment, and we had several great discussions about it. I recommend taking her class, which will positively change your perspective in environmental issues. She is very approachable for help, so with hard work,  an A is possible.
4.0 : She is so sweet and easy to talk to! I think she was pretty easy. Definitely there for you if things get tough!
4.0 : She talked about the environment more than how to write our research proposalspapers. I wish there was more of a balance in her class, but it was still inspirational, nonetheless.
5.0 : Dr Kauth is by far my favorite professor so far. She genuinely cares about her students and wants you to participate, however you won't be badly penalized if you don't want to. Papers are critical but she always has office hours and will tell you exactly what you need to do to get an A.
5.0 : I love Dr. Kauth! She's so personable and easy to talk to. I found her class super easy. I never had an issue with her grading in the least bit.
5.0 : The course consists of 4 essays possibly 5 if you decide to pick the community service option(10 hours of service + presentation/paper) instead of the actual final , one pagers/ 9 striking line papers (due every class), and critiques. A lot of extra credit opportunities. Lots of reading/writing but fun course
5.0 : Amazing!
5.0 : such a wonderful prof!
5.0 : Amazing professor with an amazing teaching style. Took her 3 hour class but she typically lets you out early. Really nice professor with a clear grading policy. Easy A imo. Attendance is graded but at times classes do seem to just drag on over and over.
4.0 : Pofessor Gades is a really caring professor and loves her area of expertise, but all she does is read from her paper and powerpoints the entire 3 hour class. The class should be writing intensive with all the work students do. The midterm changes every semester and the final paper is 10 pages long. Overall, the class is an A but a lot of hard work.
5.0 : She's awesome really into her class and definitely enjoys teaching. She's also incredibly nice and will always listen to what you have to say. The work is not hard at all although the final paper an project are kinda long she's such an easy grader you can halfass it and still get an A.
1.0 : Don't even know where to start. She made a 3 hour night class seem 10 hours long. Most boring lecture you might ever take. And if dreading this class on a weekly basis wasn't enough, she gave so much homework (busy work) due every week. She expected all that work weekly like we don't have other classes, work, and lives outside of her class.
5.0 : Prof. Gades was great. Clear in what to expect, passionate about what she teaches, and great at keeping the class engaged. The class consisted of weekly research and writing for a group project; as well as individual assignments every once in awhile. There was also a final paper. Be sure to show up and participate and ask for help when needed.
5.0 : Dr. Lobriel has changed my perspective on life. This is coming from a business major.  All the music I've been listening to, I've been taking for granted. Music is harder than it looks for composing and he is so helpful and makes the class extremely easy. The biggest thing is that you have to show up. He has also inspired me to become a producer!
4.0 : Would not have taken Intro to Music if it wasn't required but I'm glad I did. Dr. Loubriel shows a true appreciation for music and it's evident he cares for his students. The material is not difficult as long as you go to class.
5.0 : Out of all the teachers I've ever studied under in my entire academic career, she has to be one of the nicest, most sincere, and realistic professors. She is willing to help you in any way and is extremely sympathetic to the reality of a college student's life and pressures of society. She is  funny and very energetic! That being said, she does teach you the most important and essential concepts and drills them into your head by relating and explaining them well. It's generally an easy class.
5.0 : The sweetest woman in the whole world would do anything for her students highly highly recommend Pat Mansfield
5.0 : My favorite teacher I have had a BENU. The content is extensive but if you go to class, listen/take notes, and study well, you can do well in this class. Her sense of humor is so goofy and clever. She also makes the lectures applicable to us and interesting to listen to. GREAT TEACHER AND GREAT LADY! Davis BAE
3.0 : This was my favorite class I have taken at Ben U! While the entire class period is usually taking notes, Julie does her best to make it interesting and applies it to real life if possible!! An exam, quiz, and vocab with every unit.  A few extra credit possibilities but if you go to class and study really well you should be fine!
5.0 : She is a HILARIOUS professor who is truly passionate about history. I have been ignorant to history my whole life until this class. Her passion for history radiates and it truly makes you have a passion for it too. You HAVE to participate in in class discussions (40% of your grade) You have 3 essays which she lets you redo until you get an A!
3.5 : She's a fun person, gets really into discussions. If you aren't going to participate every day though don't expect anything higher than a C. Initially I hated talking but slowly she makes you more comfortable and I ended up with an A. 3 papers which could be on absolutely anything so why wouldn't you take her!?
5.0 : Overall the class was okay, she was a little too pressed on APA citations in the discussion portion of class. It boils down to do the work requested and you will get a decent grade, she grades fairly, however she does deduct points for APA style errors A LOT. IT felt more like an English class to me.
4.0 : She focuses a lot on my APA style, frustrating but useful.  I learned more from taking this class with her than I learned taking it the first time with someone else.
5.0 : I absolutely loved Professor Ramsey for Math 111- trig. Her notes were clear, along with what was expected to be on her exams. If you come to class, take the notes she gives you, and pay attention, you will receive an easy A. Definitely recommend her to everyone. One of the best professors i've had so far!
5.0 : Professor Ramsey is the best professor at benedictine! I highly recommend her and would have absolutely take her again. She makes sure students understand the material and does multiple examples of problems in class. She does give weekly homework quizzes, but you literally copy word for word from your homework, so make sure you do it. Shes also hot
5.0 : She is such an amazing teacher. Before this class, i never thought I would actually enjoy math, and it ended up being my favorite class of the semester. She is super helpful and always there if you need her. All her students love her, she is super friendly. Easily the best teacher at Benedictine. She's also pretty hot ;).
5.0 : Professor Ramsey was honestly the best teacher I have had in years.  She made sure to connect with students and learn their individual needs.  Don't get me wrong if your struggling you will have to go and ask her for help. She goes above and beyond for all of her students and even if you spend a few minutes with her after class you will understand.
4.0 : Great teacher, her office is open to those who need help before classes, easy 4 question homework quizzes just do the homework.
5.0 : I seriously wish she could be my professor for every subject. She is so good at teaching and describing things that it would be hard to ever be confused in her class, unless you really don't pay attention. She is so personable and helpful, and always willing to work with you. Honestly the best professor at BenU by a landslide.
5.0 : Mrs. Ramsey is absolutely amazing! Her trigonometry class is not easy, but she is always emphasizing her office hours and is always telling you to go to her or the tutors for help. Her quizzes are based off of the homework and as long as you review at least a week in advance for her exams, you'll be fine. She pushes you to work hard which is good.
4.5 : She is one of the best professors at BU. She does an amazing job at explaining the math and takes her time out to help. Her review packets are exactly like the tests too, so it is an easy A. i'd recommend her to everyone.
5.0 : I loved Professor Ramsey! She gives out guided notes every class and homework quizzes every Monday. So if you do your homework you'll get good grades on those. If you don't understand something go to her office hours!
5.0 : Do all the one pagers. Participate a little during every class discussion. If you ask him to read your paper before you revise he helps you out A LOT. He basically shows you how to get an A on the papers. No final, just a final paper. Overall a funny and great guy. Definitely take him
5.0 : He was an easy grader. just do the work
5.0 : Love, love, love him. He let's you make a cheat sheet for each test, including the final. Gives a decent amount of homework, but it's easy points. Goes over question on homeworkquizzestests in detail. Excellent professor.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Makes class fun and explains his concepts great. Will go over a problem with you a million times if he has too and never gets impatient. All homework is 10 points and you are able to use a half sheet of paper for all all tests. As long as you do all your homework and study and grasp the concept of what your learning, guarenteed A
3.5 : Easier than most math classes due to the fact that he lets you use a cheat sheet on all tests. He's very old and quite senile, so cheating on all tests and weekly quizzes is quite easy.  He gives an average amount of homework. Overall I would take him again.
5.0 : I haven't taken math in 10 years and I got an A.  Mr. Nelson made the material easy to understand.  I am glad I took his course.
5.0 : Nelson is a little old cute man. The course consists of 3 exams (each exam has extra credit), 10 quizzes, and a final. During the class he provides you with good examples. HE TELLS YOU EXACTLY WHAT IS GOING TO BE ON THE EXAM&amp; YOU GET TO USE HALF A PAGE CHEATSHEET DURING THE EXAM. He assigns a lot of homework though but its easy to get 10pts on it
4.0 : There are a lot of assignments, but you get a week to complete each set.  Gives good notes on chapters that help with homework.  He also answers questions on homework.  There are a lot of quizzes, but they are easy.  Not too many tests.
3.5 : He's great. I just always needed help even after class. I didn't catch on like most students. but hes caring.
3.5 : Hes awesome
4.5 : very helpful and caring for students
5.0 : Very easy math class. If you don't understand something Mr. Nelson is always willing to help. Class isn't mandatory but you have to be there to understand the material. You get cheat sheets for all the exam and basically tells you exactly whats gonna be on the exam. (The final exam was the easiest exam of the semester.)
4.0 : Jobst is a pretty reasonable teacher. Make sure to do your assignments online because even if you ace your exams and don't do your assignments you can fail. If you do a pretty decent job on your assignments and exams, its an easy A or B.
4.0 : Dr. Jobst is by far the best acct professor at benedictine, but also the toughest. She has weekly hw &amp; quizzes. exams are hard, usually have a D average. she makes exam study guides which helps. Papers &amp; projects are easy and she has group quizzes along with attendance points. Getting a B is very easy, but getting an A is pretty difficult.
5.0 : She is one of the most sweetest, kindest, and helpful professors at BU. Her class is an easy A as long as you show up, and do the activities. Her class is laid back and she understands the stress that college students have. Shes easy to talk to and likes to make class enjoyable for everyone. I highly recommend taking a class with her bc shes great.
3.0 : Dr. Fletcher is really nice but her class is a lot of work. Be prepared for a lot of reading and writing. She grades tough especially for the midterm essay and final exam essay. Overall the class was tiring and a lot of work but if you put some effort in then you'll most likely pass.
2.5 : Very tough teacher. I took her for MGT 252 and it was worse than most of my 300-level classes. Quizzes and assignments everyday. Really cool professor, just really tough.
4.0 : I am in Dr. Sarathy's class now she is a great intelligent professor. She is the best teacher of all the science department because her kindness to the student, her attitude is the best thing anyone can ask for. All the other science teachers have a bad attitude. I don't know what there problem is. Honestly, her lectures are clear. Go to class!!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Sarathy's physio class is by far my favorite science class I've taken at BU. She thoroughly explains everything and does integrate every chapter you learn. There are 6 exams and the last 3 are pretty heavy material. You do have to read for this class, the textbook is your best friend. Record her lectures and listen to them.
5.0 : This Professor was quite arguably the most caring and personable professor I've ever had. He was extremely clear, yet passionate. I was ill a lot last semester, and he was more than willing to extend due dates and help me catch up. He also helped with a few lesson plans for the preclinical that co-registers with this class. Awesome guy!
5.0 : This professor was the best education professor I've had at Benedictine.  He is really wanting all of his students to do well, and he cares about each individual considerably.  Highly recommend!
4.0 : Hardy is really hilarious and makes class material interesting. There are three exams including the final which are really difficult but are all right from the book. All of them are curved based on the class high score and average. There is a final essay written about anything relating to the class subject but he's not a tough grader on essays.
5.0 : Dr. Hardy is a great political science professor.  The thing that makes him great is that even if you disagree with his political views, he won't give you grief about it.  He respects that each person have different political views, while others may make a class difficult.  In addition, doing MIG with him is a fun experience.  Dr. Hardy is the man.
5.0 : Loved the class. Always was excited to be there and it was super fun. He is a difficult grader on papers. Tests are difficult but manageable. He believes that a B is a good grade so dont expect an easy A or to skate by.
4.0 : Definitely a smart and hilarious teacher, knows how to make class fun. Don't skip class, tests are mostly lecture material. but if you want to get an A be ready to participate and read the chapters. your grade only consists of 3 exams and 2 papers so while its not hard to get a B, if u want an A must be a good writer too
5.0 : He is very nice and explains the lab procedures clearly. Definitely ask questions if you are confused. Quizzes won't be bad if you study beforehand.
3.0 : Seriously I only took him because I thought he was easy! He isn't! his quizzes are 10 points just like the lab is worth 10 points and his labs are hard. And he is so boring!! It was hard to pay attention is his class. Everyone in my lab got an average B/C
4.0 : Dr. Knutson is awesome! He is extremely nice and helpful and really knows his stuff! He is a very lenient grader, and usually rounds up your grade on lab reports and always offers extra credit on quizzes. BEWARE of the practical, its rough. But regardless, Knutson is the best, TAKE HIM!!
5.0 : He is an easy grader, and easy to talk to. just make sure you show up to class and pay attention and it is an easy A
3.0 : Really nice guy, but he can be pretty hard to understand during his pre-lab lectures, so read the lab before you come in. He's always willing to help you outside of class on calculations, but usually wants you to figure things out yourself for the actual lab procedures.
4.0 : He's a good professor but you definitely can not skip class at all. His lectures are interesting but he is super specific on what he wants on exams. Pretty much you will  need to study and remember nearly everything he says in class to get a good grade in the class. I was with the Jurica Scholars section with him, so labs were connected.
2.0 : . His tests are way to difficult even if you memorize every line of the notes it's still not good. I almost feel like he wrote those reviews himself. Everyone in the class complains about how hard his class is.  No wonder no one signs up to the classes he tries pushing into the school. Do not take him believe me! This is the one review with truth
1.5 : Bio 198 was easier than this class. How does that make any sense? I got an A in 198 but was impossible to do that in 197 I got a B. His tests are way too demanding I have never taken a class llike that. Believe me take another teacher!!!! and the way he grades is alos weird. Also a lot of pointless outside assignments. HE is not good believe me!
3.0 : He sucks. Something happened last year to him. No one got an A in the class except 1 student. Test average was a fail. Take anyone but him. He used to be good I heard but when the test average is 65% and 66% for his two sections, he failed as a professor, not the students failing. It's in an introductory Bio course and he acts like its MD school.
4.0 : Bio 197 is easy and Novack-Gottshall is a very straightforward professor. If you pay attention in class, there's really no way you can't get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Novack-Gottshall is amazing. I didn't care about the subject before, but he really made me excited to learn. My piece of advice: study! His tests really examine how well you studied and how good you are at applying what you learned. If you can't do that, don't take his class. Otherwise, I definitely recommend him for 197.
5.0 : Dr Novack is an amazing professor. His passion for bio makes the class interesting. His exams are fair, but you still have to study for them!!
5.0 : Get the course packet, not the textbook! If you want an A in the class carefully study the course packet material and memorize your notes. It's a piece of cake and Dr. Novack is amazing.
2.0 : Not sure why he made bio197 so hard. Avrg for the 3 exams was 71%, 68% and 61%. AVERAGE. so 2/3 exams were failing. He refuses to give even 1 pt on exams, even when you're right. Nice guy, but literally sets you up for failure. shouldve been an easy A, only 2 in my class got an A. Heard he used to be good, idk what happened
5.0 : Dr. Novack is amazing! Sure he talks a lot in class and often goes on tangents but he cares about his students a lot and is willing to work with you. I would definitely recommend him. But you have to put in the work. He offers lots of extra credit and a curve at the end.
3.0 : I received an A in this course and I am a health science major. However, I am not going to say it was as EASY as others are saying it is. They probably received A's from either working hard and boasting that it's easy or cheating. You have to WORK for this class. Yes, its a beginners course, but I spent time on it and I truly liked it.
5.0 : He's an amazing professor! Lectures are long but he keeps them interesting! He isn't boring!! I love how he makes sure we're understanding a concept before moving on! You can tell he has a passion for what he does!!!
5.0 : Dr. Novack-Gottshall is great! I'd recommend that everyone takes him at least once.
4.0 : He's very energetic which keeps the class interested. He's not easy at all so if you're up for the challenge then take him!
4.5 : Dr. Novack is one of the best Biology teachers at Benedictine. His lectures are very interesting and he has a cool sense of humor. To do well in this class don't skip, read the pages he assigns in the textbook, and take notes. Also, buy the course packet because it comes in handy and it has all the notes from the lectures in there.
4.5 : Withdrew from this class cause i was a dumb freshman but now being a year later with more college exp i can say this man is an amazing professor and great human being. He wants you to not just know the test answers, but understand them as well and that is why the class was hard. Despite all that i would still recommend taking him if you need bio
3.0 : He's a decent teacher. If you like straight up lecture and thrive off of visual aides. It's an introductory class but sometimes he talks like we REALLY REALLY love Biology. He has a course packet that WILL SAVE YOUR LIFE. Seriously. He goes through slides so quickly sometimes that you'll freak out with the amount of information he throws at you.
4.0 : You can tell Novack loves biology, he explains it well. Really good professor. The only downside is the class grade is 80% tests, so if you don't do well on one you won't get an A in the class. Tests are tough, and you need to spend A LOT of time studying for them. He is always available to help though and wants his students to succeed.
5.0 : First day of him going over what the class is like I was going to drop but I am glad I stuck around. Class was interesting but he is a tough grader on the writing. The A was easy to get!
5.0 : He truly loves the subject he's teaching and it's apparent. Don't be afraid to ask him questions and visit him during office hours- he is more than happy to help. Amazing teacher but he does tend to go off topic easily and takes up the whole class (and sometimes over) lecturing. He offers a good amount of E.C. Get ready to learn about Bowerbirds!
5.0 : Dr.  Alvarado is a great professor.  He explain what we have to do and he helps the students during the set up of the labs.  His quizzes are easy if you read the prelab and understand the principles of lab.  He is an easy A.  Take him
5.0 : Great professor and super nice. Everyone please take him for labs, one of the best lab professors in the school. He has great conversations also. Don't miss out on him.
1.0 : Probably, one of the worst chem lab professor in the world. avoid him seriously, quizzes are way too tough. most of chem lab teachers follow almost the same questions in the pre lab.  he also grades tough in the lab reports. he does not have the best attitude either.
1.5 : Lectures are very long and boring. He goes to the very last second, if not over the time limit. Not very helpful on individual questions and is very nit-picky when grading testsassignments. Definitely not the best teacher I've had, but I suppose I've also had worse.
5.0 : He is AWESOME! Its hard to find good science professors at BU but he is truly wonderful! He offers a lot of extra credit, he covers everything that is on his exams so there are no surprises. This class requires a lot of memorization but his exams have a great format for that. He is hilarious and makes lecture very interesting. Take him if you can!
5.0 : Hes a great and passionate professor. You must attend every lecture, everything he says is important and you will see on the exams. He explains everything well so that it isnt misunderstood and the exams are fair. Just pay attention.
4.0 : He's a great teacher.  However, he can be pretty intimidating when you ask him questions.  He is very passionate about his subject.  As long as you buy his course book  and write everything he says you should pass.  Just  make sure you study everything for the exams!
5.0 : Baran is one of the best professors I've had at BenU. The class itself was fairly difficult for me but he does everything he can to help you. Very clear, detailed, and willing to answer anything. Grading is based off tests, quizzes, and online homework. Get as many points as you can before the final exam and go to help sessions as well.
5.0 : TAKE THIS PROFESSOR FOR COLLEGE PHYSICS! You will not regret it. He is the most generous and empathetic professor on this planet. He will ALWAYS help you with any problems you have. He is very clear about what he expects you to do on the exams. Incredible professor.
5.0 : I'm a liberal arts major who absolutely hates science so I was less than excited to take contemporary physics. Baron made the class so fun!. He likes to get off topic sometimes and tells stories but is still clear on his criteria. He's a very interesting man. You won't regret taking his class, but pay attention!
4.5 : Took Baran over the summer and I LOVED the class. I looked forward to class and to learning physics (which I would have NEVER expected!). I wish i was able to take him during the semester to learn things more in depth, because he made it so interesting. He is awesome and I highly recommend taking him!
5.0 : She is very nice and an interesting person. I liked her and she is a very easy grader. We had no exams except for the final. Lots of group work. Also, many papers on easy topics. Easy class and easy teacher.
4.5 : Class wasn't technically writing intensive but we did do a lot of writing. However, I enjoyed my time in this class that I could care less about thanks to Dr. Kies. She truly is there to help you and if you fail this class it's because you didn't show up or actually tried to fail it.
5.0 : I enjoyed her class because she gives you everything you need to excel within class and outside of class. Time goes by fast because her teaching is fun and exhibits how significant art can be . I enjoyed learning to draw simpler things for art is not a hobby of mine. She is an efficient teacher concerning tests and files used from my experience.
1.0 : I am not an art major but had to take this class to graduate. She treats the class as if everyone is an art major and wants nothing more than to be in her class. She just stands there and talks about the same piece of art or subject for at least 20 minutes leaving you to learn nothing. It is really easy to pass but it is so boring you'd rather die.
4.0 : There is A TON of work but it's very easy. Try and seem literate and answer every part of the rubric for the papers to get 100. Every group project you get 100 no matter what. Exams are easy because she tells you exactly what will be on them. Attendance is mandatory for points. There's a field trip to the Art Institute too for your research paper.
5.0 : Great teacher that understands how to help out students.
5.0 : Great teacher and is an awesome guy! He is pretty prompt with grades as well.
4.0 : She's really nice, but MATH111 was pretty difficult, and she gave one or two points extra credit to each student after an exam. Don't expect to get your grade rounded, so don't end up being in that situation. She's a really tough grader, but it's good to go to her office hours whenever you're confused, she's really helpful.
5.0 : I took both Math 170 and Math 200 with Professor Flattum and I got an A in both courses. She really works to help you pass! Super helpful and even lets you text her with questions. Loved her! Easy A with not a boatload of work!
5.0 : She's super super helpful when you don't understand something in class. The homework is a killer though but if you e-mail her and take advantage of asking her questions you'll pass. She gives alot of chances for extra credit. LOVE HER.
5.0 : Loved her as a teacher! Mrs. Flattum is really helpful and gave the class her  number if we ever had any homework questions. Some of the homework questions were very hard but the rest of the class wasn't too difficult if you pay attention. There's a quiz and a lab every week. The labs are the worst, but that isn't her fault. She gives a ton of E.C
4.5 : Professor Wasilewski is an awesome professor. Knows how to explain the material well and is always willing to answer questions.If you work on homework problems he assigns and study his outlines you will do great.Has good sense of humor! I strongly recommend taking his class!
5.0 : His knowledge of chemistry will take you to places you will have never gone before. I loved his class, even though it was only an intro to chem and then intro to orgo chem. He will make you preped for whatever your major is and beyond. I strongly recommend taking him.
3.0 : He's a good person and pretty hilarious but that's not what I need from a teacher. He would get really confusing. He would also embarrass the students when passing back quizzestests if you didn't do well.
5.0 : Really great Professor. Since he actually was a photojournalist, he had a lot of great experience and stories that made the class super interesting. Very helpful and overall just a great guy. Taking more classes with him this semester!
4.0 : if you think your photos are good, they probably aren't as good as he'd want them.
5.0 : Prof. Birks is great! His class is interesting and he's a very decent grader. Honestly, try and you WILL get an A.
5.0 : Summer class goes by fast. Met 4 times a week for 2 hrs. Takes a break after first 50-60mins. Group talk everyday. Comparing 5 different texts (Books are mandatory. Cheap $17 if Rent) Everybody will talk and they will talk everyday. But it's no big deal because subjects are simple and He doesn't judge His students for their answers. Awesome teacher
5.0 : Mr. Birks is one of those teachers that will inspire you and essentially change your life. His passion for journalism and life in general is motivation to do well. You have to apply everything you learn in his classes to you own life to truly gain an appreciation for the knowledge you gain.
5.0 : Professor Birks is awesome! His lectures are never boring and he makes sure you know the material. He teaches lessons that you need for your career rather than the test. He's a fair grader and gives great career advice as well. If you work for it, you'll do well in his class.
3.5 : Professor Holba gets to the point in what you're being taught. She will always ask if you are (the class in general) understanding the material and the examples she will do. Her reviews are helpful for what to expect on a quiz or test. (AND the final.) The final wasn't bad if you do study and make a reference sheet. Class usually ended before time.
5.0 : What a fantastic professor! I have always hated math but Professor Holba made it easy. She understands that students come from different math backgrounds and tries making the class accessible for everyone. Open note quizzes and tests, homework is not mandatory but she is always willing to answer questions that you may have. Highly recommended!
4.5 : She taught the lectures very well. She also was always there to talk to or to get help.
5.0 : Shes one of the best math teachers at Benedictine University. I would honestly take the class again because she puts the extra effort to help you succeed. Also shes really lenient about tests and quizzes (she'll let you have an open notebook test or a take home quiz). Shes amazing I wish I could have her teach me my other math classes.
4.0 : She tends to everyone, and condenses a lot of the material for everyone to understand clearly. Very helpful and understanding, and she genuinely cares about her students.
5.0 : Dr. Holba is a great professor and is very passionate about math and teaching students. She goes out of her way to explain the course material and even cuts down on the topics we are supposed to cover. Also, she takes her time, doesn't rush in to a quiz/test. If you attend class, do the homework, you'll definitely pass with a good  grade.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Never got an A in math before, but I got it with her. The labs are super easy, just ask questions if you're confused. She almost always is available and willing to help. Tests are super easy, and she let's you use your notes!!! Take advantage of that!! Use your notes &amp; do the homework. It goes a long way. Overall, awesome teacher
5.0 : Very nice and good teacher. Answers homework questions every session. Completing and understanding the homework is necessary to succeed. The tests are not that difficult and are graded very fairly. Overall, I recommend her.
4.0 : Very nice and helpful. She explains things clearly and if you are ever confused go to her office hours. Make sure you study for tests and quizzes.
3.0 : Dr. Ziliak teaches at a fast pace but she is willing to help you if you come in during office hours.  Calculus III is a difficult class, so office hours has been my saving grace. If you have questions, ask ASAP, calculus is cumulative!  Ziliak will give extra credit for answering homework questions in front of the class and going to math events
5.0 : Dr. Ziliack is an amazing math teacher. She is always there for the students. This class is hard, so make sure you turn in all of your assignments. Make sure that your answers for your math homework are correct and you don't copy them out of the book. Also, one thing I didn't like about this class was the computer labs. They are confusing.
4.5 : She is a very good professor. I would strongly recommend her for calculus.  She is always available during her office hours and even when she does not have office hours, she is willing to help. Best math professor I have ever taken.
5.0 : She's really sweet and a great teacher.  She explains things really well, and is always willing to help her students.  Her tests and quizzes are mostly based on her lectures, so make sure you take good notes, and look at the practice exams that she posts online before exams.
3.5 : Unless you are able to speak a lot in group discussions and have time to read lengthy articles and write a page worth of responses every week, do not take the class. Mr. Brown is an excellent professor and very understanding, but it can get hard to get an A in his class if you do not participate every class or do bad on online discussions.
4.5 : Very nice professor and very passionate about his job. Participation in class is a must, along with online participation in the discussions. Although he grades the final essay unnecessarily hard, an A in the class is manageable if you participate frequently.
2.5 : Hardest humn teacher at benedictine.
3.0 : If you are looking for an A, don't take him! He doesn't give feedback. He assigns a reading each week and then the class discusses, which is often very interesting. We explored significant topics, such as morals &amp; rights. But, he does not teach you how to write. If this class wasn't graded, I would've loved it. Instead, I regretted taking it.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I've had at Benedictine! You will have to put in effort to achieve the grade that you want, but honestly it is worth the work. Prior to this I disliked writing, but was actually eager to go to this class.
2.0 : He does not give you any feedback on your essays, just the grade. If you're already a good writer, you'll be fine but he won't help you improve. Participating in class discussions can help your grade a lot though.
2.5 : Every week you read an article and write a 3 page response.  You need to find your own articles to supplement if you want the A.  No lectures, discussions where you HAVE to talk.  If you like talking and have a deep interest in philosophy, this class is for you.  If you want to zone out and don't like writing ever week look elsewhere. No tests/quiz
4.0 : Not sure why he is getting poor reviews. Compared to my friends in other HUM250 classes, we had it great.He wants people to engage in discussion and if you don't he just talks so it can be boring. He grades hard, but makes it pretty clear what he is looking for and offers help. 5 Online discussions, 3 papers,1 presentation &amp; 9 Ch Outlines required.
5.0 : Mr. Brown is a extremely professional teacher who cares about making sure students are learning and gaining a quality experience. Would highly recommend this teacher to anyone who takes learning seriously and is intrigued by creative and logical reasoning. Not a difficult class, well worth the work and effort he requires. Outstanding Professor!#301
5.0 : Professor Brown is very passionate about this class. You will definitely learn a lot about how to analyze a poem and find the deeper meaning. The class covers a variety of different poetry but my favorite was definitely the lyrical poetry section. Overall, the class is great and should be offered more often.
5.0 : Glen Brown is a phenomenal teacher. His poetry class is hands down one of the best classes I have ever taken at Benedictine. He is very inspirational and provides his students with amazing lectures and material. Sadly, this poetry class is only offered every so often, but it definitely should be offered yearly! Take his class, you won't regret it!
5.0 : Prof. Brown is very approachable and friendly. Loves group discussions and engaging students. Has a lot of passion and charisma over the subjects we discuss. We can incorporate whats happening now in the world when doing our papers or during discussions. Overall, the class is enjoyable and fun! Highly recommend!
5.0 : This was one of the best classes I have taken. There were readings every week, but the take away comes from the discussions our class had twice a week. There were essays due every week to two weeks, but it is a writing intensive course. Professor Brown cares about his students and offers many opportunities to get an A in the class. I learned a lot.
3.0 : It was a new class and he offered readings every single week. Some weren't too bad. He enjoyed talking about current issues and connecting them to the readings. Very smart and passionate teacher and an overall good person, however his feedback was horrible. Tough to get an A and I felt that he graded very subjectively if you participated or not.
5.0 : Phenomenal professor. Writing was graded on creativity, genuineness, and how well prompts were answered. To him writing is an expression of intellect rather than grammatical rules. Every week I looked forward to the discussions he would ignite and we would steer. He helped us understand what morals we uphold and how willing we are to stand by them
3.5 : Dr. Brown is a great teacher; he really makes you think about they ways things are. There are no tests in this class; however, you must read the articles he gives you each week and do online discussions. To get an A in the class, respond to at least 5 people and to him as well. Also try to take during class. There is also a 5 page paper at the end.
5.0 : He's pretty awesome but doesn't teach many classes.
3.5 : If you come in during office hours, he will explain and help you understand specific problems you are struggling with.
5.0 : He tries very hard to teach clearly and succinctly, but then tells silly jokes and wears math t-shirts every day to pretend it's less intentional than it is. He really does care about his students. Pay attention in class, since the problems in his lectures are very similar to the homework and test problems.
5.0 : Dr. DeLegge is a really good professor. His lectures are straightforward and he gives weekly quizzes which keep you on track. His exams aren't hard if you keep up with the homework and the quizzes. If you put in the work, you will pass this class without a doubt.
2.5 : He teaches all easy math problems in class, then when it comes to the exam they are all hard. Some exam problems we never even went over in class. I basically have to teach my self  everything. Most likely you will need a tutor to teach you trig, if your teacher is Delegge. He will help you only so much because so many ppl need limited time.
4.0 : Great teacher! He breaks down everything into simple terms. It's math so naturally not the easiest, but he is very helpful! Quiz every week but it actually helped me stay on top of everything. H.w. once a week  If you don't miss any classes, gives you extra points! Offered extra credit and is really sooo nice and super funny. Totally recommend it!!
2.0 : He does help but only for a limited amount of time until the next person from a different class comes for help. If I would retake the class I would not take it with Delegge. Goes over easy problems in class. When comes to exam time the calculator portion is very hard and you wont know how to do quest because he doesn't teach hard problems in class.
5.0 : Dr. DeLegge gives alot of homework but he is also in his office hours forever and will always help you with any problems, (which are similar to the test). The class isn't an easy A, but it is a 200 level math class so just pay attention and do your homework and you'll be fine.
5.0 : He tells terrible dad jokes but he's an excellent teacher.
5.0 : Great teacher. Doesn't trick you at all, gives some extra credit and is very funny and nice! Just do the homework accurately and all the time and follow the notes and understand them and you'll get an A. Should probably follow my own advice...
5.0 : Dr. Dupont will be dearly missed, a great and accomplished professor with a passion for what he taught.
5.0 : Funniest, smartest and nicest teacher I've EVER had! He knows everything he's teaching, and he teaches in a way that everyone can understand. If you can take him for anything, even General Chemistry, TAKE HIM! You'll never be bored in class! His jokes are hilarious, and he also likes to get to know his students so you feel respected.
5.0 : Dr. Marin is a great teacher! His lectures are filled with info, but they do not get boring if you're paying attention. He's a cheese cracker (cracks cheesy jokes), but he's also determined to teach material. Attendance isn't mandatory, but I'd suggest you go. The class itself was difficult, but read and do the hw! I'd definitely take him again!
4.5 : She is truly one of the nicest teachers I've encountered in college. She actually cares about her students, tells you everything you need to do to succeed, and is content on trying to have everyone succeed by holding study sessions before tests. Highly recommend.
5.0 : I had Holly for trig she is a really good teacher she teaches you everything step by step which is a must when it comes to math. As long as you pay attention in class and make sure you have the right answers for the homework the lowest you should get is a B!
5.0 : Great teacher.  She teaches very cheat and is welling to help you if you attend her office hours.  She is very genuine and friendly.
4.5 : She's super nice and super easy. She curves every test and every quiz you get to use your homework. You get out early often! If you have to take trig, take her.
5.0 : She is great!
5.0 : So easy, you can't fail.
5.0 : excellent prof.. very helpful and easy going..
5.0 : Joshi is an amazing professor that is really wanting to make sure that his students do well so that they can move on. He does assign homework and his exams are pretty decent, but studying and reviewing is key. He really cares about his students.
5.0 : I would definitely take his class again! He is enthusiastic when lecturing and makes class interesting, and the best part I walk out of class knowing what he said unlike my other hum class experiences.
5.0 : Just an awesome teacher and you would be a fool to not show up to class or get the A
5.0 : THE. BEST.
2.0 : Weekly papers (very stupid), make very corny jokes (laugh if you want a good grade), lot of notes to take (even though they aren't that helpful on exams). His review sheets for exams include questions that he did not even go over during lectures and refuse to help you with those or answer them. My A didn't even worth putting up with all that. SMH!
2.0 : I got an A in everything except a paper which I received a B on. I studied hard for the final but I ended up with a B in the class. I was so upset. I have no idea what happened and when I contacted him to ask what was up, he ignored me. His class was the only class I got a B in. I can't even express how furious I was...
5.0 : Awesome teacher-probably one of the best I've ever had.  She made her lectures the highlight of my day.  She made an extremely boring topic hilarious and interesting.  I would recommend her to anyone and everyone.
4.0 : Loves this teacher  awesome makes you want to learn and also helps you learn
1.0 : Doesn't review quiz questions before posting and students constantly have to correct her. Not clear on assignments and grading criteria. Doesn't read questions asked by students completely, therefore questions are not answered properly. Only available 1 hour each day for help which is 5-6pm CDT, when most online students are not available.
5.0 : Amazing educator!
5.0 : Dr. D was a great professor! He was helpful and provided plenty of guidance and feedback. He spells out what he expects and helps those who need it.
5.0 : A lot of work but his expectations are very clear. He also grades very fairly and regularly offers clarification on any of his requirements.
4.0 : Dr. D was my professor in one of my SNHU courses. He was detailed and ensured my responses were always supported with evidence. Thanks Dr. D for a great class. Look forward to having again as my professor.
4.0 : Very picky.
5.0 : Good professor
5.0 : Great professor, exactly how each professor should be for humanities. If you attend lectures, take notes and keep up with the reading it should not be difficult to get the A.
4.5 : Super nice lady. She puts religion into it a lot but isn't overbearing. I don't have a religion and I didn't feel uncomfortable. Pretty funny and will poke fun at the students she knows. Participate in class and you will be fine. She has 2 papers and all you need for an A is to answer the questions she gives you. Tests are extremely easy. Take her.
5.0 : would take again!
5.0 : She is an easy grader and everything on the test with be thoroughly discussed in class
5.0 : I absolutely love her. She is so humble.   great lecturer. As long  as you  read and do the exams you should be fine.  She also let's ppl hand in work late except for papers. I'm  definitely taking any class she lectures.
5.0 : She is what a college professor should be. I cannot think of any cons, so just take her you won't regret it.
1.0 : Horrible teacher! Worst Humanities teacher at BU. Grades like a Nazi, Trump supporter, feminist. Annoying and has bad breath. Dont ever take her class you'll regret it! Weird grading scale, too much work for a IDS class.  Never willing to help. Never in her office for office hours. Old. Will stress you out!!!!!!!!
5.0 : Great teacher!! Take her !
5.0 : She is an amazing professor! She is well educated and knows how to teach. Def would take again just do what she says and you'll be fine
5.0 : One the best professors at BU! He's so helpful and always makes time for his students. Knows how to prep you for him quizzes and tests. He also knows how to make class fun and entertaining.
5.0 : By far THEE BEST PROFESSOR at BU. Extremely helpful and easy to talk, can be sarcastic but don't take it personally. Hard work pays off, he can be picky sometimes but overall a funny guy and easy on the eyes ;) will be greatly missed
5.0 : Had him for Chem 114,123, and 243. His classes were always interesting. He's funny and helpful, but makes you figure out the answers yourself. He has great taste in music and sarcasm. And at the end of the day, he's just a really great professor. His new school is lucky to have him! (I just wish he was a little more easy on the eyes...)
5.0 : An apple for this amazing, down to earth and friendly professor!!! He forced me to like chemistry. I would study my brains off just to get 8o% on his quizzes. He would ask "why" even when I knew the answer just to make sure I understood the material. Thank you Dr.G.
5.0 : Definitely the teacher to take for a polisci class. Her exams are directly from her notes and she makes the content easy to understand with her hypothetical and personal examples. Easy A class except for a 10 page paper due at the end.
5.0 : She is by the far the sweetest woman I have met at Benedictine. She really goes out of her way to make sure you get an A in her class. All her exams are based on her lectures. I didn't even buy the book. Easy class
5.0 : Lowry-Fritz is the easiest teacher if you need a political science class. You won't need the book. If you do the study guides before the test you get extra credit. Lots of extra credit opportunities. She tried to make sure everyone gets the highest grade possible. If you're in between grades and have good attendance, she will automatically bump it
3.0 : Dr. Sarathy is great at explaining the criteria however this class is very tough, fast paced and lots of exams which is solely your grade and there is hw that is 150 points. I do not recommend to take this class with other hard classes because you need to work really hard to get the A.
5.0 : After taking so many professors at BU, I came to the conclusion that she is the best. The lectures are very helpful,but the class it tough. B is very easy, but A is a bit of hardwork and dedication. She teaches in such a way that you enjoy learning more that getting a good grade.
5.0 : She teaches onling in the graduate nursing program. She is very easy going and laid back. She is one of the few nursing instructors that is encouraging to a fault!
4.0 : He's tough, but good. He has good intentions and tries his best to give the best to his students. He might be quiet, but once you get through that, he his one of the wisest and kindest teachers around. Will be back next semester :P
5.0 : He's amazing. He will do anything for his students. The best teacher I have ever had. Will return very soon.
5.0 : Best. porfessor. EVER.
5.0 : He tells terrible dad jokes but he's an excellent instructor.
5.0 : Really helpful and nice! Easy A!
5.0 : Polasek's awesome. Take him for all your classes you can. Super easy to get along with and makes class fun.
4.5 : Professor Polasek is awesome! I have had him for two classes and thoroughly enjoyed each one. He is always there if you need help for anything and there are no surprises on his tests. He is straightforward and he is super funny! I highly recommend him.
5.0 : I had him for one semester, and i highly recommend taking him! He's super nice and easy to talk to. Really looking forward to having him again!
5.0 : She gives a lot of extra credit, which help be pass with an A. Even though she takes off points when you miss class, the extra credit is super helpful! Remember to bring your book and go to 1 on 1 conferences with her. THE BEST WRITING SPECIALIST.
4.5 : Professor Smith was a wonderful professor.  She knew her stuff and was a harsh grader, but it was necessary.  She is very approachable, and you get ask her for help with anything.  If you are not sure about how to write a certain paper, or are not sure how to start, go talk to her.  She will always have some advice for you and it is always helpful
4.0 : Professor Smith made me starting writing with a passion and care so much more. I'm the last person who ever enjoyed hearing the words a paper was due, and I can tell you one thing is that you should always work hard in her class. She is a very tough grader but she will push you like you never saw before, in my opinion she cares so much about you.
3.0 : She is a very caring person. I have nothing but nice things to say about this professor but she grades very hard. Even with tons of effort poured into her class, it will not be easy to get a good grade.
5.0 : Ms. Smith is one of the toughest teachers I have ever taken in my life. However, she is willing to help you write your essays if you just ask.  It is possible to get an A in her class.
4.5 : Very nice and very chill. A hard grader, but getting an A is not impossible. I would recommend this lab over individually taking CHEM 114, CHEM 124, and BIO 199.
5.0 : He's a great teacher, very clear, and tries his best to make class interesting. But orgo is hard no matter who you take, so expect to work for your grade. Make sure to attend class because you'll miss so much if you miss any. He's a really nice guy, and really does try to give you as many partial credit points as possible. Take him!
2.5 : He tries to convince you that he's nice to take attention away from they fact that he's a poor professor. He can't answer higher-level questions. Not very bright, especially for a science professor. He's also super paranoid that you'll cheat on his exams. He would be better off teaching a subject he can comprehend like drawing.
1.0 : failed the class missed two days
4.5 : Loved this guy. He understands that most students in his class are just doing it for the requirement, and tries making the material as interesting, short, and funny as possible. You have to take good notes, but he's very reasonable and willing to help.  Gives good real-world examples to ensure you understand everything. Definitely take him!
4.5 : PRofessor Racine was one of the best professors I have had so far at Benedictine. He is very knowledgeable and very clear. Do not buy the textbooks because we did not use them. Attend class, take notes, easy A.
5.0 : Awesome professor, minimal work, and easy A. He is hilarious and keeps class interesting even with such a boring subject.
5.0 : Best teacher I have had in a while, would take additional classes with him if needed in the future.
3.5 : He is a great professor who really enjoys his field. We watched a movie everyday in class and also we had to write a two page summary on it. The class is fun and the readings are mandatory. Getting an A in the class is due-able for non majors.
4.5 : If you try,I don't possibly see how you can fail his class. He's SO helpful! He read over my paper probably 3 times before I handed it in,and I got an A+ on it. Just remember that after teaching high school,he can totally tell when you know what you're talking about,and when you're adding in fluff. No orphan quotes!
4.0 : Professor Zabransky is hilarious and super helpful. He will give you lots of feedback on your research paper and try to help you in any way. His stories are always funny and he's a pretty easy grader.
5.0 : I Love Mr. Z. He's a tough grader but if you are a good writer you will definitely take an A. I never really showed up to class, just showed up to turn in papers. He gives amazing feedback and really good writing ideas. He even wrote some of my essays for me. He's super caring and helpful. I would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : Best professor at Benedictine!! He is a wonderful teacher and his class is super easy and impossible to fail.  He is really nice, funny, and actually cares about you. He made the class fun and entertaining will all his jokes and stories. Even gives you candy before every exam and you play a fun review game the class before. Amazing person.
5.0 : Amazing Professor!! He is really easy and very clear. He is extremely understanding and easy to get along with. Made me love psychology. He does curve grades at the end as long as you are active in class and show you care. Easy A class.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!! Everyone taking Psychology 100 should DEFINITELY take him!!!!!! Super funny and laid back!!!
5.0 : Professor Derr is really understanding of students and wants to help them out. Psych 100 is easy, and his approach to it made it even easier. He gives candy for quizzes too! He's awesome. Definitely take him!
5.0 : Professor Derr is the most amazing man ever. We only took two quizzes which were only 10 questions. We had a midterm and a final which were so easy you don't even need to study. His lectures he repeats a lot, and tells funny jokes. He cares about the students and brings in candy for you. One paper, and he doesn't fail anyone.
4.5 : Probably one of my favorite professors.  He's really understanding of his students and wants them to do as well as possible.  He explains the material really well, and tries to make the class as fun as possible: he randomly gives us food in the middle of class, candy during tests, pizza during finals week and returns tests as paper airplanes. 10/10
5.0 : Mrs. Mishra is a great teacher. All of her lecture notes are on powerpoints and those are uploaded onto d2l. Everything on the test is taken from the powerpoints. Her notes are verbatim from the book, but it is still a good idea to reference it. Wonderful and I strongly recommend taking her if you haven't.
5.0 : People say she is hard and unfair, but that is only if you don't do the readings.  Her quizzes are based off the text, NOT SPARKNOTES. I loved how straight forward she was in expectations and enjoyed class discussion. If you go to her for help on her essays, she will help a lot and ensure you get a great grade. Go to class and participate.
5.0 : She is AWESOME! Her classes were always fun, even though it was in the morning, but as long as you communicate with her,  you and her will build a really good relationship. I absolutely loved her and her class! She cares so much about her students and their education and believes everyone can and should learn.
5.0 : Interesting and engaged
4.5 : Good professor, very helpful if you ask him questions. Not a easy class but if you study and do your homework you can get easy B
5.0 : This is a real class taught by a real educator.  Listen, do your homework and ask questions.  Some grumblings by those that have had to drop this class as they have been trained by the education system to not work. This is not an easy topic for many so be prepared to earn a passing grade.
4.5 : Come to class and youll do fine, but dont miss a class. Papers and work isnt bad
5.0 : Sosenko is definetely the best writing teacher out there. Papers no longer than 3 pages. One-Pagers are simple and is very lenient on grading! Super cool.. Take him without a doubt
5.0 : If you have the option to take this teacher don't miss out! He is such a great teacher. He is young and lenient, by far one of the easiest and best classes I've taken. I always hated writing until I took this course. Will definitely take again!
5.0 : Sosenko is the man! By far one of the best mentors I've had. He is young and personable. Get to know him on a friendly level and it'll be smooth sailing. His lectures are interesting and group oriented and he overall made my freshman year
4.5 : Seaman is very passionate and knowledgeable! The class consisted of usually half lecture and half group discussion. One project and around 4-6 papers and then a quiz at the beginning of every class which were basic things from the reading. Super helpful!
5.0 : Awesome and very educational- spark my interest on the subject!
5.0 : Professor Seaman is the first Professor that has student's education at heart. He makes sure that we attended classes (attendance is mandatory) and made sure we gain some knowledge from his classes. Any Student that works hard will gain lots and earn what we deserve! Good Course only comes with Great Prof! Well Done!
4.5 : Dr. Kopff was an amazing teacher. I found the tests to be doable IF you studied and took the time to receive help. She was great at offering office hours and providing a good class atmosphere. Was lucky and able to get into her class for gen chem 2. She is someone who I know I could go to for help even if she was not my instructor.
5.0 : Dr. Kopff is the best professor I've ever taken. She's so helpful, very clear, and willing to help anybody if you go to her office hours or ask questions during class. She never makes fun of you is always around for help. Best teacher ever.
5.0 : Great professor, very approachable and helpful. She doesn't just read off the slides - she actively tries to help explain things with examples and pictures. Exams are ok but wayy better than Fendrick's or Stone's. Multiple choice can be tricky but the short answers always help you out. Her office hours and pre-exam study sessions are super helpful!
5.0 : Great professor. Better than the rest at BU. Very approachable, doesn't read off of slides, and makes sure to use lots of examples. Exams are very do-able and easy if you study and get help during her pre-exam office hours.
4.0 : The class was in the evening so it was a bit fast paced. However, the basics of nutrition are pretty interesting to learn and understand. There is not a lot of opportunity for extra credit so do not expect it.
4.0 : There are tons of group projects.
5.0 : You will not learn much from this class. It should only be an hour long and only one credit instead of three! Read the chapters and you will get an A on every test.
4.5 : Mesa campus- knowledgeable, professional, good sense of humor, and is proficient in the science area of nutrition. Work hard, put passion in your work, and you will get an A
5.0 : Easy grader, just put your time in
4.5 : Nice professor, nice human-being, not hard at all. Easy A if you finish your assignment.
4.5 : Serious but approachable professor. It was my second time taking Chem242, and he was able to explain &amp; make me understand what I could not before. HW was not mandatory. Tests were straight-foreward from what was went over in class. Asks ?s and allows student ?s during class. Will sometimes call on you randomly for an answer. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Overall he is good professor, he is hard grader, and you have to work hard to get all the points on online quizzes, he gives good feedback, but at the end be prepared to work hard for this course.
2.5 : He 's an easy grader. Email ur paper 2 days b4 its due n he'll give u good feedback (U'll most likely get an A in u do this.)Lectures r tedious and long. On better days, they get "a little" interesting.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. Should've gotten an A but I was kinda lazy. Cares about students and wants us to do well. Also thanks you for your work in the class. It's writing, so the material is dry, however.
4.0 : Best teacher ever. He is so helpful and understanding. Easy grader and laid back. You don't have to show up to all classes but I did for respect. He is a great person and I wish I could take him next semester.
4.5 : Good class
4.0 : Fantastic instructor with an eagerness to provide direction.
4.5 : It was based on three projects and nothing else. Easy.
4.0 : I took his law class and it was somewhat difficult.  He's a really good lecturer he has a lot of energy and is very knowledgeable.  He has a very interesting background and if you put in the effort you will get an A.
5.0 : This woman is the most funniest English teacher I have ever had. She is easy going, you can talk to her about anything. Once you enter her class there is no discrimination or judgement, you have your right of freedom of speech and own opinion. The videos pertaining to the readings are interesting. PARTICIPATION IS KEY!!
4.5 : Easy class. Do the readings and be ready to talk.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher. I wish i could take him again. I was dreading having to take another humanities class and he made it the best class it could have possibly been. I would definitely take it again.
5.0 : Amazing professor. He seems to accept everyone and is there for you. He is very knowledgable and intelligent. No tests and no final. Weekly journals and a research paper. Participation is important, but it's pretty straight forward. I would gladly take him again. He is such a great man. I would also listen to him talk all day long :)
4.0 : Prof. Kralj is a really laid back teacher. You show up, do some group discussions, and type a one-pager each week. He is an easy grader, basically if you do it you get full credit. You have no exams or quizzes. Just a presentation and a final essay which is the only essay of the semester.
5.0 : I still have a massive crush on Dr. Rubush and its been 2 years since I took him. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN. I wish there was an Orgo 3 just so I can take him again.
5.0 : Great professor. He knows how to teach.
5.0 : Go to his office hours after getting your exam back he gives you extra points when he goes over with you
5.0 : One of the greatest things about Dr. Rubush is that he will try really hard to make you understand a specific problem. I am happy that I took organic chem with him because he helped me so much. He saw me trying so hard in class. I absolutely love him. He has a great attitude and personality. Go to his office if you dont understand.  You will pass
5.0 : Amazing professor, best at BU! This doesnt mean he is easy, but if you take him, attend class (pay attention in class), study, there should be no reason why you dont get an A. He is really helpful and wants students to succeed. However you have to study, and take this class seriously or many people fail.
5.0 : He explains things very clearly. I think he is the only orgo professor that curves some of the exams, so that's a plus. He also gives tons of practice problem which is VERY helpful for the exams. You can not pass this class without practicing the mechanisms. If you are drowning and have to pick who will save you, pick Rubush.
3.0 : Dr. Rubush SEEMS like a nice, timid guy so people tend to overlook how he is just completely unfair on exams. He loves to put tricky material that students have never seen before. He is not some kind of miracle worker. He teaches well, not amazingly. Maybe he just taught extra hard the two semesters I had him, but he is not as great as people say.
5.0 : Harder course but Dr. Rubush gives lots of help! Definitely doable if you put in the work and see him when you need help, it will be not hard to pass easily!
4.5 : Very good teacher. I would take Orgo again just to be with him.
5.0 : He is very knowledgable and is great at answering questions.
5.0 : Best orgo professor out there. He really cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Gives lots of practice exams, which gets you ready for the real thing.
5.0 : Dr. Rubush is a very good Organic Chem professor. He knows how to teach and is very flexible with office hours. This man deserves alot of respect. He even has review sessions set up to help you out. he will go out of his way to help you. Please Take him.
5.0 : Dr. Rubush is one of the best professors at Benedictine University. He is very helpful during and after class. He is always in his office during his office hours. His exams are difficult but he prepares you for that. DO NOT SKIP HIS LECTURES. If someone doesn't do good in his class, it is their own fault. He does everything to help  his students.
4.5 : Amazing professor! This professor made organic chemistry seem like it was much more doable. He's always willing to help with practice problems. His exams and quizzes can be tricky so make sure to attend class and don't fall behind but otherwise you leave the class learning a wealth of knowledge. His subtle humor makes the class more enjoyable.
4.5 : Even though this is a hard class, I loved him. He is so nice and so helpful and will answer any questions you have. Hes fast with grading and putting up grades, he also gives a lot of practice problems with the answer key. Hes funny at times. Lenient grader. He really cares that we do well and encourages us to come as for help if needed.
4.0 : Rubush is great! I was terrified of taking Orgo but with Rubush it wasn't bad at all! I mean it's Orgo so you're going to have to spend time on it but he makes it manageable and easier to understand.
4.0 : Definitely the toughest Orgo teacher. His exams are tough, but if you go see him during office hours and study A LOT for the exams and quizzes you should be good. Study daily even if it's only 15-20 minutes. Memorize the reactions as soon as he teaches them. The final was extremely difficult for everyone.
5.0 : Was very clear, funny, &amp; relevant. He is young so he is easy to relate to, &amp; unbiased in teaching. I would take him again. He's not bland and put many videos into his lectures, A+ lec. Essay was assigned w plenty of notice and he was there to help. One of few really great B.U professors. We were notified of all "pop" quizzes at least 2 days ahead.
5.0 : Damir was a very clear and relatable instructor. Makes the topic interesting and encourages students to stay on top of current events.
4.5 : Okay, he's funny and he definitely knows what he's talking about when it comes to class topics. Lectures are never boring and there isn't that much work. HOWEVER, don't take this class as a blow-off course. I'm a senior ENGLISH major with a 3.8 GPA and I never got higher than an 80 on my papers. He's a terrible grader and gives confusing feedback.
3.0 : Don't let his looks fool you, he will not give you full points on the quiz if it's half wrong it's wrong. Make sure to read the book and study for the test. 5-6 Pop quizzes, 1 mid term, 1 final and a debate. Make sure you buy the book he's not too helpful. He's new.
5.0 : Damir is a straightforward professor.  Tells you exactly what to expect on the exams and quizzes. 2 exams, 5-6 reading quizzes, and a class debate. He's lectures are funny, but be okay with going off topic sometimes! Easy A if you show up and do the work.
4.5 : Great class! I really enjoyed it and learned a lot!  It's a great 8 am class because you're not falling asleep, he keeps you engaged. Damir is super funny and very transparent about questions and grading. I would highly recommend it. Talk a bit in class, do 56 (1 drop) your papers, and attend, you are sure to get an A! Loved it!
5.0 : Professor Kovacevic was great. He is funny and knows how to teach to make the material more interesting. He also doesn't mind if you are a few minutes late to class, as long as it doesn't happen often. The two written exams are easy if you attend every class and read the book. A light review before the test, and you should get an A.
5.0 : He taught his Political Islam class in a discussion format. It worked well since our class was smaller. Two take-home exams, two response papers, and a couple of presentations, but he grades pretty easy.
4.0 : Good experience with Prof. Kovacevic. Very good with lectures and cares about student's input and opinions. Class consists of pop quizzes which he usually notifies you of in advance, two tests, and a debate/paper (your choice). Attendance and participation do count. Very helpful when you need clarification on something.
5.0 : Damir was very knowledgeable and funny. One of the best classes I have attended in my four years at BU. The class is a bit writing-heavy, but as long as you show up and read the chapters you will be fine. He loves telling anecdotes, and that usually helps with a 75-minute class. Recommend to all.
5.0 : Cool professor and a sweet class. Recommend to all those who are willing to participate.
5.0 : Professor Kovacevic is awesome!!! I have him right now for Global affairs and I highly recommend him. He does give quite a few quizzes, but they are extremely easy and he always throws in easy extra credit questions. Plus you can drop one quiz. He is super nice and is willing to ALWAYS help out. He brings a lot of candy to class too. Take him!
5.0 : I learned from his lecture/ powerpoint notes and chapter outlines which I got online. Course consists of three exams and 10 quizzes. Each exam has roughly 3o multiple choice questions and 7 free response questions. You need to study for tests/ quizzes, but we have review days and he gives you hints on what to study. I dig the class discussions
5.0 : Professor Kovacevic is hilarious. He's able to convey information in an interesting and entertaining manner. Sometimes goes off on random stories, but they usually have a point! Gives a midterm and final, and the quizzes are fairly straightforward if you pay attention and read.
5.0 : He's amazing. His lectures are great and he is well engaged. Notes are online and he talks through them. Need the book for weekly quizzes, pay attention and answer questions in class and he'all love you. Over all great guy, always extra points on assignments with funny questions. Well worth the credits. Hates Alabama and likes when Trump says China
5.0 : Mr. Kovacevic is a GREAT teacher. He makes the material  a lot more relatable to real life. He's funny, and always brings candy! Highly recommend this class because the lectures are interesting too, makes you want to attend class.
4.5 : Professor Kovacevic is extremely nice and funny! He genuinely cares about his students and he replies to e-mails right away. His tests and quizzes are straightforward. There were no surprises at all. He tells you exactly what he wants and he makes sure he is clear on it. I definitely recommend him. He always brings candy to class, also!
5.0 : There was never a dull day in Professor Kovacevic's class. He made the material which  I wasn't so familiar with very interesting. He makes it a point to engage students and ask tough questions to stimulate discussion. The test and quizzes are straightforward, and he seemed to be fair grader. Definitely would recommend!
2.5 : I thought this class was going to be an easy gen ed, but man was I wrong! He looks for specific answers and wants a lot of detail in assignments and tests, but gives you a restriction on how long it can be. Seems counterproductive to me. As a senior, I found myself working harder in this class than my 300 level major courses.
5.0 : Mr Kovacevic was one of the best professors I have taken. He is funny and you actually learn a lot. He makes learning fun. Recommend to all TAKE HIM.
4.5 : I am so glad I took this class! I would recommend it to all of you! Not a hard class at all! Power points help so much and he makes you love learning! I want to take another one of his classes! Do your work an you will pass!
5.0 : Loved loved loved this class! He is an amazing professor and super chill. Great 8am class, you won't be bored at all, and if you're willing to participate, it'll be an easy A. No essays, one midterm and 6 small (5 questions) reading quizzes. It was a breeze. Plus, he's cute.
5.0 : Professor Kovacevic actually made political science interesting for me! I did not expect this class to be as interesting as it was being a non-major, but he was able to make the material both relatable and interesting. He's got a an awesome background and always has funny stories.
5.0 : I loved Professor Kovacevic! Best professor I've ever had in my entire life! He is so funny, and laid back. Just read the definitions in the book for each chapter and you'll pass. He gives out little quizzes once a week or two. He made the class very enjoyable.
4.0 : Took Global Affairs, and it was a great class to attend. He made the material interesting and relevant to all of us. Always brought up current events, which gave me a better understanding what is happening now. There's quizzes, one paper, midterm and final. All the material is learned in class or in the readings. Pretty straightforward.
3.5 : Professor Tomczak is sweet and kind however her exams are tough! Lecture is usually boring and very monotone. The great thing about her is she's willing to help a student study and truly cares for feedback, again it is a hard class only because of her exam questions.
2.0 : This class requires a lot of memorization. You have to attend every class to take notes from her powerpoints which she does not post online. The multiple choice on her tests are often tricky and detailed. The book is very jumbled up and hard to follow but you need it to read it to pass the tests. Her study guides are useless and very detailed.
5.0 : she is really good taking for Anatomy lab. Really nice and willing to help students out
5.0 : It's a really easy class and everything is super clear. Just study what she gives you and you'll do great. She's really really nice, I would take her again but she doesn't teach many classes. She really made me interested in anthropology.
5.0 : Professor Tomczak is really nice! Her powerpointslectures can seem long because there's a lot of material to cover, but taking good notes from them makes the tests easy. It's a good class, especially if your schedule has harder classes because there isn't much homework. You need the book for the homework. Would definitely recommend taking her!
5.0 : Professor Tomczak was a great teacher! I don't like taking STEM courses  but she made the class enjoyable and I liked how she thoroughly explains everything in class. So if you take good notes, this class should be easy for you. It's very note heavy, however the notes are all useful for the test and the book gives some guidance as well.
4.5 : Dr. Henry was a great professor! Even though I was intimidated in the beginning, her class panned out in the end. She's really helpful and understanding. I also realized she's really nice and easy to talk to if you ever need anything. I learned so much in her class and I would recommend her again.
4.0 : Weekly quizzes, homework every class, and a couple of tests, but it's a doable class.
4.5 : We had to do skits for this class which made me very uncomfortable, but I'm am glad she took me out of my comfort zone. I love Spanish, and I am already fluent, so this class was very easy for me. Instructions were very clear, but I'm sure if you ask for help it will be given willingly. The expectations were clear and she is so nice. Participate
5.0 : Just really helped me learn Spanish in a new way. Never really like Spanish before here class. In 102 she will talk almost all Spanish in class, which scared me at first but it really taught me to learn Spanish. Do not think I would have done as well in 102 under another instructor.
4.5 : Dr. Walters is a great Spanish teacher. I really enjoyed taking her Spanish 212 class. She was a very fair grader. An A is very possible for those who do their work. I definitely recommend taking classes with Dr. Walters.
5.0 : Ivy is amazing! She's always enthusiastic about Spanish, like there's not a day where she isn't, and she always has something for us to do. She goes over the study guides (which is pretty much like the exam) and does review games. She made everything clear and was very helpful. I definitely recommend her.
4.5 : Former business veteran as CFO in HAVI,  which is the global supplier of McDonald's. He likes telling his experience about his career in McD. Very nice and gentle. Lends students books to help them save money. Not a lot of tests. Assignments are very open. 539 is an easy A class.
5.0 : Professor Beezhold makes a 3 hour night class bearable. She is captivating and passionate about Nutrition. She has wisdom and charisma. However, she is slow on grading and handing back. She posts things such as study guides etc. last minute.
3.0 : Her class was do-able, however you really do have to work for it. There's a huge project that takes up most of the semester and she does give you good feedback on all the parts. Not that great of a lecturer, but she is nice. She constantly changed up her schedule so due dates change up most of the time.
4.0 : Her lectures are well explained. She is easy to approach and she really cares deep down. The only thing that bothered me is when she puts up assignments last minute.
5.0 : Professor Shlachter is a very good professor. She takes her job seriously and is more than helpful to her students. If you need help with anything, even outside of class, she will do her best to help you in anyway she can. The class is not hard but you have to do your part as a student.
3.0 : I took her for an evening class. The class goes until the indicated time frame.  There are tons of projects.  She might not clarify enough for the students to understand.
4.5 : She is really helpful. Class was three hours long, but she tried to make it fun, by making jokes. Loved her class, one of my favorites. You have to work for your grade. Study at least a week before the exam and come prepared for the review session to get the most out of it.
3.5 : Dr. Darby is one of the best teachers I have ever had. She is a tough grader, and gives 3 tests and a non cumulative final that are straight out off her powerpoints so it is possible to get A's on her tests if you put in the effort. She meets with every student to talk about their grade. She cracks a lot of jokes and makes the material interesting
5.0 : Great professor. Easily one of the best I had at BU. Cares about her students and the subject.
5.0 : Terrific professor, invested in her students success.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and available to her students
5.0 : She offers other examples that makes the course become real.  You can reach her,  and she works hard to provide a positive experience.  However she does not roll over and just give you a good grade.  You have to earn it.
5.0 : Positive critique, easy to contact, good interaction with students
4.5 : We had to do skits for this class which made me very uncomfortable, but I'm am glad she took me out of my comfort zone. I love Spanish, and I am already fluent, so this class was very easy for me. I have never asked for help because I did not need it, but I'm sure if you ask it will be given willingly. The expectations were clear and she is so nice
5.0 : Excellent grad level course in International Economics and Finance. Professor Radi is strict but fair. He signs off emails with "to your success" and he means it.
5.0 : She's nice, helpful, cares about her students, overall a great teacher.
5.0 : Aaron keeps you engaged throughout the lecture, you will always learn more than whatever subject  you're learning, and thats a good thing.
5.0 : Professor Lawler was amazing and really made the class fly by. Benedictine is lucky to have him. If you participate, and turn your work in, there is no way you can't get an A. A tremendous instructor who is liked by all.
5.0 : Amazing professor! He really knows how to engage the whole class. He's very knowledgeable and really cares about his students.
4.5 : Great prof.!
5.0 : Professor Olumba gives great examples. She uses the case study method, oh yeah and you do a lot of oral presentations. It was a great class just make sure you read but she grades fair.
5.0 : GREAT PROF AND EASY ON THE EYES!! First time I've actually bought a book, but I learned a lot.
5.0 : Professor Bowden is an excellent writing professor. She is very friendly, and has clear objectives. She is one of my favorites, easy grader.
5.0 : She is a sweetheart. Show up, write your papers, you'll get a good grade. You should really have nothing to worry about if you know how to write.
3.5 : She's nice, but taking an hour and 15 min. class w/her is basically suicide. She assigns articles to read but I never did &amp; was still able to participate and get an A. She announces EVERYTHING in class, so if you miss classes, its easy to fall behind VERY FAST. Definitely the easiest writing teacher, would take again if class if its shorter.
5.0 : She is such a nice professor! We did 3-4 page papers on readings on articles almost every 2 weeks. Such an easy grader! The final is a 10 paged paper which she gives us almost over a month and lets us work on it in class. She is gives good feedback. Highly recommended !!
5.0 : Professor Bowden is an amazing professor. She is understanding if you need an extension on a paper compared to other professors. She takes the time to address every concern you may have. If you read and participate in discussions, you'll do great. Taking it as an 8AM class was challenging. Try taking it at a later time with her.
4.0 : Dr. Perez was awesome! She does come off as stern or intimidating but it's worth it, especially if you're a biology major. She makes you work for your grade and is very fair considering she prepares multiple in-class assignments and provides broad exam topics prior to each assessment.
5.0 : One of the best teachers hands down. Dr. Fry is super nice and understanding and really cares about his students. His class was super easy and there wasn't much work! Attendance is necessary, textbook is not needed. Show up, listen to his lectures and you will be fine.
1.0 : He is an easy grader but only if he likes you. Every semester he picks 1 or 2 students he wants to pick on and ends up giving them a 0 for participation.
4.0 : Very good experience with Dr. Fry. The class is somewhat writing intensive, but he is clear on what he wants from each assignment. Be sure to show up and participate as they do count for points. Many opportunities for extra credit. Make sure to take notes, as they are the main points that will be on tests, and also follow his study guides.
5.0 : I recommend him for sure! His lectures were interesting. He is a nice guy. There are really long papers in this class that are frustrating to complete, but he barely reads them, just make the page limit. The tests are easy. He is an easy grader and the class teaches you a lot about disabilities.
5.0 : I've taken Fry twice now, all I can say is, his classes are worth taking. It's mostly a little about the class and more common sense and personal opinions. If you talk a lot (in discussions) he'all love you, don't act like you're a genius, but casually add comments and answer questions. You never need the book so don't waste money. Show up  points
5.0 : Dr. Fry is great! He is a pretty easy grader and gives a study guide before each test. However, participation matters and he will call you out if you're late or absent a lot. Overall, the class is super interesting and he is a great professor.
5.0 : Such an amazing teacher. I learned so much in Art therapy even a lot about myself. Very interesting. If they offered a second part to this class I would definitely take it. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for all majors. This class will help you relax too!
5.0 : Really really enjoyed taking a class with professor barber. Very easygoing, basically show up and do art, it may not necessarily be easy to be open, but it was a really nice chance of pace from how most classes are structured. Would highly recommend. She assigns an art journal for out of class, so just stay on top of that and you'll be fine.
2.0 : Honestly I enjoyed most classes but she needs to understand that its art therapy and not art anxiety. If you have problems with public speaking then this might not be the best class for you. I think that the final was just ridiculous. You needed to do a final art piece and put 10 hours into it, I'm sorry but I have other EXAMs to worry about.
5.0 : Professor Barber is amazing! The way she teaches art therapy is so inspirational. Being in her class helped me tremendously during this hectic semester. You can tell she is passionate about her field and really cares about her students. Would take her class again!
4.5 : Very helpful class
5.0 : Professor Sampson is one of the funniest teachers I've had.  He cracks a lot of jokes during class and made the class funny and interesting.  He tells a lot of stories, and has an interesting sense of humor.  He gives out a ton of extra credit, so it is basically impossible to not get an A in his class. Take a class with Sampson if you ever can.
5.0 : Sampson isthe coolest professors you'll ever have. When he first walks in he looks like a stuffy old man, but he is so interesting. He cracks jokes constantly and shares many stories about his life. There are weekly assignments that are basically impossible to not get an A on and all of the quizzes/tests are take home.
5.0 : Some good and bad.  Bad first - his office hours are too early.  You can make a appt to see him, but you'll have to wait a day or two. Other then that, he is an awesome professor. Relates well to the class. Very clear in his expectations. Easy grader. He does give quizzes that you can't make up. I would take him for any class he teaches.  Great guy
5.0 : Professor Schendl was extremely helpful to me.  He always offers help outside the classroom and he stands by it.  I found the course a little difficult but I guess its good that he has high expectations of us.  I learned alot.
4.5 : Super nice.  Smart.  Not easy but very helpful. if you do the homeworks and show up for class you will do ok.
4.0 : Roboprof is a good teacher. I did my research before taking the class. Only bad thing I heard is he gave pop quizzes when attendance is low. That is true. If you come to class you will be ok. If you skip you will get zeros on quizzes. Besides that it is a good class and he is a good teacher.
5.0 : I had mr Schendel last semester. He is great. Isn't boring. He is funny.  Pretty easy class. Although i thought the tests were knda hard, but his final exam isn't cumulative so that was really nice.  Afraid of him at first, he seems like a drill Sargent on the outside but he's a computer geek on the inside.  You will like him.  Everybody does.
4.0 : Professor Mann is a great professor. He does expect you to go above and beyond on your papers, which is understandable. If you have questions, he is there to answer them, he is very understanding. Mid-term was little weird but fairly easy. Make sure you read the book and the final was easy as well. BE READY TO WRITE WRITE WRITE!!!!
5.0 : Absolutely loved Mann. He's personable and cares about his class and students. Although he requires a LOT of writing, his class is worth it. Pay attention and take notes. I've recommended him to a few people who have also loved him. Worth it to take a class with him.
4.0 : Really interesting lectures. Had him during Spring 2015. Papers are pretty easy, and group projects are fun. Gives extra credit. Grades pretty leniently. I liked him. Has very easy quizzes, and posts all the powerpoints on d2l. Exam was pretty straightforward.
4.0 : Had him for General Ethics. Very clear grading criteria. Assigns a lot of homework, however the assignments are usually very simple and don't take long to complete.   The only tests are a mid-term and a final. If you have an A heading into the final you're exempt from taking it. Mid-term is very easy as long as you study.
4.0 : Overall, I'd recommend. One weird thing is that we have test based on the textbook. Skim the chapters and the tests are easy. Just follow the criteria for each speech, and give a decent performance. This class seems like a little bit more work than other speech classes, but it's reasonable! Also, there are more reviews for her for COD.
5.0 : I don't think she is respected enough. She is really intelligent and does make it simple to get an A in the class if you know common sense about speech. Just show up and listen to what she has to say and get on her good side. She is funny but nobody seems to laugh but me :( poor lady!
4.5 : Good teacher
4.0 : This class was very good. She is a clear and precise teacher, always looking to help.
5.0 : Amazing Teacher. I speak fluent Arabic because of this woman. Shoutout to her, amazing person and genuinely cares about you and your grade
5.0 : She's very nice and her lab is straightforward. Be sure to come to class and be ready to participate.
5.0 : Professor Shaimaa is an outstanding professor. She is very helpful when it comes down to asking her questions and her explaining the topic again till everyone understands. I learned a lot of my Arabic in this class and if I could take it again I would.
4.5 : A beautiful, smart, helpful, excellent  Teacher
5.0 : Dr. Ibrahim is awesome. She is very clear and knows how to explain complicated arabic grammar to English natives very well. She doesn't give that many tests and the class is always a warm and humorous environment
5.0 : An awesome professor really cares for her students, and helps break down Arabic for one to understand and takes the time to help one out. Benefiting needs to have more professors like her would definitely take again!
5.0 : Great professor.  Teaches the material very well for a language that is considered at Level 5.
4.5 : She's a great professor
5.0 : Professor Shaimaa Is one of the exceptional professors in Benedictine, she's really friendly with her student, offers different teaching methods so you will understand the material and remember it easily
5.0 : It was an independent course for the advanced Arabic language level.  I learned a lot about Arabic language and culture. My reading, writing,  and grammar skills developed a lot with this professor because of her creative teaching methods. It was the pleasure to take the course with this beautiful and intellectual  professor.
5.0 : I have taken Dr Latifa for all of my Arabic Minor classes. She is nothing short of phenomenal. She clearly knows the Arabic language and does an amazing job teaching it to her students. Anytime I had a question I was always able to meet her at her office I would recommend anyone looking to learn about the Arabic language to take her classes
4.5 : By far one of the best instructors at BenU. Knows the law and how to teach it in a way that is not only hilarious but sticks with you. He not only cares about your grade but also you as a person.
4.0 : Class is based off of 4 exams, 2 group projects, and 1 journal critique . Exams are pretty tough, you really have to study if you want to pass. Final Exam is cumulative and you're most likely going to fail it.  The projects and journal are your only hopes of bumping your grade up to something respectable.  She gets a chili pepper though.
4.0 : He is extremely easy. It's a writing intensive class (supposedly), but he only has a few 1 pagers throughout the semester. Our final was a 4/5 page paper and he was a harsh grader on that. if i knew of his grading, i could've put in more of an effort to get an A at the end.
5.0 : Dr. Carter is great! learned a lot from his class.
5.0 : Really nice guy, super easy too but just really really boring. His class is easy but it feels like being in class is a waste of time because we do absolutely nothing useful in his class. He refers to movies a lot and he's a super easy grader. Barely any work to get an A in his class.
4.0 : He's such an easy grader I can't believe it. Class is so boring though he talks at you alot and there's alot of one on one conversations about the minimal amount of papers you had to write. Lots of movie references.
4.0 : She's nice and helpful. She's clear on what will be on the test. You pretty much need to memorize all her notes as her tests are almost all written and short answer. The second part of the test is identical to the in-class handouts she gives in class. There are a few assignments and online quizzes which she grades for completion. An A is achievable
5.0 : The class is an easy A as long as you just do what she says, even though it is super easy you will learn a lot.
5.0 : the test is straight from the notes and papers. She gives the benefit of the doubt and grades super easy. If you can take any science class with her, do it!
5.0 : Dr. Hebert is the easily one of the best bio professors ive ever had. She really knows her stuff and is really clear on how she wants you to learn. Exams are straight off of her notes, which she provides. She is extremely nice and easy to talk to, not afraid to joke around with students.
5.0 : she is an amazing professor, and you can truly see she loves what she does. She is  very caring about your grades and has tendencies to curve tests for the class's benefit.
5.0 : She is a fantastic teacher who actually cares about you learning about the topics of the day! I would definitely take another one of her classes if given the opportunity!
5.0 : I absolutely love Chez! She is really knowledgeable on what she teaches and inspires me to care more about it. Definitely will do better in her classes if you participate but she makes participating really easy if you just do the reading. There is a lot of reading for each class but I always found the material interesting. 10/10 love her
4.0 : Her use PowerPoints are helpful and lectures are engaging, but the weekly 2  page reading responses were annoying and a hassle. Overall good professor. She grades on participation which is a bummer.
2.0 : Over all she is a very bright professor who knows what she is talking about, but the way she explains things is as if her students are middle schoolers. She acts as if the student does not understand her, or needs more assistance in understanding. We are college students, not middle schoolers. Come to class! Take LOTS of notes!
5.0 : Very passionate about material. Take good notes during lecture. Reading is VERY dense. 2 tests (50pts. ea. all essay &amp; short answer, KNOW the material), 10 weekly reading response papers (10pts ea.), 1 film response paper (20pts), attendence/class participation (50pts). She'll go over material as many times as needed to make sure you understand it.
5.0 : Prof. Davis was very nice and helpful. The class consisted of homework, activities, 3 tests, and labs later in the semester. He's very generous with points and extra credit and allows a sheet of notes to be used on tests. It's helpful to complete the activities during free time in class in order to ask questions, and then homework should be easy.
5.0 : Dr. Davis is great! He is relatively easy and the class is not too much work. He is very nice and seems to grade papers leniently.
5.0 : No need for book, everything from lecture PowerPoint. PowerPoint available before class so you can prep for lecture. Professor wants to see you succeed, always available during class &amp; office hours. Homework &amp; class activity every week. Tons of extra credit available. Lets you use handwritten double sided sheet of notes for ea. test and final.
5.0 : 10 hours comm. service, you can chose where you would like to get that done.  Very interesting topics are discussed during each class Watched a few good movies Group discussions/debates - pro vs con - easy graded Very easy going professor, open minded and caring couple short papers/responses to articles that she assigned for reading Ten thumbs up!!
4.0 : Discussion based class. Not a lot of outside work required, just weekly readings that do not take longer than 30 mins. Two papers only, she breaks them down so they are not too bad, and has very clear grading criteria for them. Easy A.
5.0 : Dr. Ware designed curriculum with so many interesting topics. She's very easygoing, very passionate about so many things. She encourages opinion &amp; input, created an environment where you can openly talk about anything. She gets to know everyone &amp; tells you about her life. She does not pretend to know everything about everything, very refreshing.
5.0 : Dr. Hall is probably one of the greatest professors ever. He's absolutely hilarious and helps out so much. He really cares about his students and knows how to make the class interesting. Go to his office hours for extra help! If you pay attention, attend class, and do the homework and reading, you'll get an A.
5.0 : ninja of the corn!! Great professor highly recommend.
5.0 : I took him for comparative physiology. He's a really nice guy and knows his stuff. Pretty helpful in office hours and the study guides for were about 90% of the exams most of the time. I ended up with a A but it did take a lot of studying and going over notes.
5.0 : Dr. Hall is quite literally the best professor I've had so far at Benedictine. Personally, I didn't use the book TOO much, but I also took AP bio in high school so most of this stuff was a review to me. Make sure you understand the worksheets and pay attention to what he says, because more often than not he tells you what to expect on every test.
5.0 : Dr. Hall is a great teacher!  I am not the best at biology and he made it much more interesting.  He is super clear about what is going to be on the tests and really helpful.  Show up to class and study and you will do fine.  He has short tests and longer exams.  They were pretty easy as long as you listen in class and study.
5.0 : Dr. Hall brought Biology (the study of life) to life. He gave clear concise lectures, dropped a couple of jokes here and there, and was always available for questions during office hours. Gave weekly five minute inspirational speeches. Cared about students. If you want to not only learn Biology but enjoy it, take Dr. Hall.
5.0 : Honestly, one of my favorite professors at Benedictine. Go to his office hours, he is always willing to help. He is super caring and if you work hard in the class, you should be fine. If you struggle, talk to him, he'll help you so much. Show up to class, it's not really a class
5.0 : I agree, Dr. Hall is one of the  sweetest professor ever. I liked how he always helped people during his office hours and told you exactly what to study for his exams. He never has a bad attitude, which is why I didn't have any problems going to his office hours.  Other teachers are rude compared to him. I would take him again definitely !!!!!!!!!!
4.0 : Dr. Hall tries to scare you at first and warns you that the class is difficult. It is only difficult because there is a lot of material, not enough time, and he writes hard exams. If you do all his handouts and study a ton you can pass. Everyone fails the first exam, then you learn how to study for this class, don't give up! Go to study sessions!
5.0 : Prof. Armour is a very good choice. She gives very detailed lectures and is always clear on what to expect from exams. She is generous with points and extra credit, so it's good to attend class to benefit from both those things. The class mainly consists of lectures, 3 exams, and a paper; all of which require a good amount of preparation.
5.0 : Mr. Schubert is a very knowledgeable professor at Benedictine University. He's very caring about his students and really wants you to understand the material. This class was different then other classes at BenU. There are 4 projects, most of them in groups. The final was take home but very long. It's possible to get the A, just be attentive.
4.0 : Talking about disturbing but serious issues in class is required. Disagree with him, it's fine. Your perspective on the world will change.
4.0 : Mr. Ott was a great teacher! He made class fun and interesting. Homework is ongoing, but very understandable and not too hard. Would recommend!
5.0 : Mr. Ott is an amazing teacher. He encourages students to participate and learn from their mistakes. He respects and undersatnds his students. Makes Writing even more fun.
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had in my life. Always have good lectures that actually made you think and learn new writing skills and ideas. Don't need to buy the textbook for this class its not used. Very generous guy and will help you when critiquing your essays. Definitely improved my writing skills from this class and teacher.
5.0 : One of the sweetest professors I have had the pleasure of getting to know. The class consists of 2 Exams and a Final. There are 5 quizzes but 2 of them get dropped. Homework is assigned on a weekly basis. If you study from her practice exams, then you should be fine because her tests come straight from the practice exams. Gives e.c. opportunities.
