5.0 : You have to show up to class in order to pass! She's really helpful outside of class, so go talk to her! Also, you have to read on daily basis to keep up with the class. So, two things: Show up to class and keep up with the reading.
4.0 : Coursework and assignments are specific and clear. All around a good professor but will call you out publicly in class if you don't know the material. Knowledgeable about her material and classes are always focused.
5.0 : Dr. Drowne was a wonderful teacher! I wouldn't of passed the class if it weren't for her.
5.0 : Dr. Drowne is amazing! I always sign up for her classes when offered. She is so caring and you can tell she is wickedly intelligent. She loves teaching the engineering students because they offer some unique perspectives on the stories, but she always makes sure we English majors know each other and she makes sure we know that she knows we're there
5.0 : Depending on the class you take she is a wonderful teacher. I had her for American Short Stories and it was the easiest and most interesting class I took. She is very good about proofreading essays and giving you good feedback before you turn in your essay and her tests are pretty easy as long as you just look over everything right before class.
5.0 : Dr. Drowne is one of the most helpful Professors on campus.  She wants to see everyone do well in her class and is willing to do almost anything to help you.  The class was small enough that she knew everyone and could help anyone on a name to name basis.
5.0 : Pretty chill professor, keeps lectures interesting. Exams can be a bit challenging and pressed for time, but aside from that, no complaints whatsoever.
5.0 : Awesome professor, easily one of the best.
4.0 : THE AWSOME PROFESSOR
5.0 : Very respectable instructor. His stories about his tremendous experience in the field bring the lesson material to life. Online lecture quizzes are tricky so you have to attend. This guy is the kind of instructor you wanted when you signed up for MS&amp;T. He seems a little anti-establishment which you may or may not like.
5.0 : I want to grow up to be him
4.0 : Uncle Dave is a story teller, so get ready to get off topic. He also likes to make jokes which are only sometimes funny.. His lectures are long, but informational.
5.0 : Basically he's the best I've ever had at any level. An easy going guy that is teaching because he loves it and it shows. He does hold story time a lot but each story has a lesson from either this is how to fix this problem, this is how to deal with people, or this is how to be a good guy and run a successful firm. I'd take the class again if I coul
5.0 : Easily my favorite professor that I have ever had. He is down to Earth, funny, and has a crazy amount of experience. He integrates his experience into his lectures and stories, so you learn about life in general, as well as the course material. I had him for three classes here, but I wish it could have been more!
5.0 : He doesn't do much teaching but in this class you don't really need much help. I got an easy A and no class is required.
3.0 : This really wasn't a college class. Not sure why digital media is part of my major, but whatever. All you have to do is submit 10 assignments. You don't even have to attend class. No lectures, just a few tutorials.
5.0 : Awesome teacher!
5.0 : He is awesome
5.0 : He has   amazing way to control the class and lecture, and very professional in his way to teach.
5.0 : very good experience on this class. Dr. flori is the best teacher on my experience.
5.0 : There is simply nothing negative to say about Dr. Flori. He is fantastic. If you are fortunate enough to take one of his classes you will not be disappointed.
2.5 : She was entirely disrespectful and freaked out over the dumbest things. Generally a terrible person, reads off the slides, my most hated teacher so far at Rolla.
5.0 : She is very engaging and knowledgeable in her field. She helps to keep your focus by taking different tactics and switching it up. I learned a lot from her and am glad to have taken her class!
5.0 : Shes an Angel
3.5 : Overall good teacher who likes to teach and interact with students. She takes too long to email back though, and sometimes does not answer your email at all.
5.0 : Great professor! She is passionate about her field and has a lot of knowledge. She is very fair and interesting. The only "gripe" I have is I wish she would take her exams to the writing center or have someone in the English department go over them. You can usually understand what she wants but sometimes I get confused and have to try and guess.
5.0 : She's a great teacher and a great lady. Respected by everyone in the psych department. Always willing to help students who need extra help. Attendance was not mandatory, but there were random in class assignments, so I recommend not skipping! The tests were all multiple choice with your choice of one out of seven essay questions, given in advance.
4.0 : Exams are very easy. Lectures are pretty interesting. There are very easy in class assignments from time to time, so skipping class is inadvisable because of that.
5.0 : Professor Huber is up there with my favorite professors, he understands that at MST students have much harder classes than history so he tries to give you every opportunity to succeed.  Weekly quizzes and tests are a breeze if you read the chapters and go to class.  Would definitely recommend Huber to others especially if they enjoy history.
5.0 : Smart guy, knows what he's talking about.  Required reading outside of class that sometimes wasn't covered in lectures which can cause problem on quizzes, but otherwsie no complaints.  Get in what you put in and he makes it fun to do so.
4.5 : Professor Huber is easy to listen to in a lecture. He gives notes mostly by speaking with the PowerPoint behind him to show pictures or longer/more important definitions.  He does think the book is an important part of the class, and it will be hard to pass if you never touch the book.
5.0 : Dr. Huber is an excellent History teacher. He takes the time to get to know his students and learns their names. He uses class discussion as a teaching tool alongside the lectures. His tests can be a little difficult and require written responses, but read the assigned chapters in the book and show up to class and you'll be okay.
5.0 : He is such an amazing teacher in a  small field at a science and tech college. I was amazed at his lectures which were very engaging and informative. If you listen during lectures, and you study for test you won't have any problem getting a B or an A.
3.5 : Great guy but on tests gives you a list of over 100 terms to know but you only use 9 or 10 of them which makes studying for the class very difficult. gives a pop quiz every friday with a bonus question.
5.0 : I took Nick's English Comp class. The writing styles I gained here made my later grad papers easy..   I later took three semesters of evening Shakespeare classes with him through the continuing ed program.    We discussed Shakespeare, the law,philosophy and quantum mechanics over food.   Was the only thing keeping me sane in Rolla.
5.0 : Great teacher, had him for 223. Homework is due everyday but it's usually only one problem.  Actually doing the homework is the best way to do well, not just copying it from the solutions manual, they are not even super hard problems. Tests are fine, but It's hard to finish every problem in the time given. Curves.
4.0 : Had him for ME 219 and ME 3521 (thermo and applied thermo) his tests are rough but the classes are very passable. Never got above a 70 on a test and passed with a B. That being said, you better study like your life depends on it or you'll never even come close to a 60. Great Teacher and willing to help.
5.0 : Shes a cool teacher. Yeah she jokes around but she is never Rude to anyone. Some people are maybe just too sensitive. Dr. Ahma is a tough grader but as long as you do what is asked and improve over the course, you can receive an A
1.0 : Likes to ramble and generally rude. Very subjective and poor rating. For example; I received a test back with the only the words, "write better" and a C for the exam complete grade. No usable feedback or reasoning for the huge deduction. Avoid if possible.
5.0 : Just go to recitation. Peacher grades so easy if you attend. He's super helpful and just hopes no one will fail.
5.0 : Dr. Peacher is super easy going, funny, and overall nice. He gives quite a bit of work with around 2 assignments plus a quiz per week. He usually covers almost every tough problem in class and is super helpful during office hours.
2.0 : He is quite condescending especially to international students. His sarcasm is directed to gauge your IQ. His classes can be quite tough for the uninitiated. But do well on his projects or assignments and he will take notice of you.
5.0 : Read the syllabus, use/follow the provided template for the paper, and do all the assigned readings. Miss a deadline for a paper draft? DO NOT PANIC! It is not the end of the world. Just get it turned in ASAP for feedback.
4.0 : Dr. McMillin will spend lectures going over the same material if students do not understand it. Make sure to come to class. He quickly learns everyone's names and participation is mandatory. He will call out people in class if no one participates.
5.0 : Dr. Schramm is a fantastic professor. Super helpful!
4.0 : Schramm is great! His lectures are super interesting and he cares about us. Plus, he's alumni so he understands Pats and that this school is hard.
5.0 : Dr. Schramm is one of the best professors I've had at S&amp;T! His classes are interesting and he wants everyone to do well. If you go to class and take notes, you will be fine for the tests. Give multiple sources for your papers and you'll do fine. Participate a little and you'll be golden.
4.5 : Wonderful professor!  Things make so much sense the way she explains them.  She is also a great and quirky person.   It was a joy to be taught by her.
1.0 : Shes Bad with basic algebra and usually gets lost in her own work in lectures. Lectures did not help much with homework. Runnion is the only teacher for Calc 1 that really knows his stuff.
4.5 : Calc 1 with her was wonderful. Definitely my favorite college math teacher so far. Wish she taught calc 2. She doesn't use a power point, instead writing everything on the board. Thus, it's easy to follow and not too fast to understand. Often times she works harder test problems from the test in class so make sure you take notes. No clicker q's!
5.0 : She writes her own tests  that a difficult but she comes with her own written notes to class. She expects you to be there and be engaged in class but she is a great teacher!!! I had her for Trig and wish I had her for every math class.
5.0 : I had her over the summer, and boy am I glad I chose it over a the fall or spring. There were exactly 6 students, so my experience was on par with private tutoring. Fitch was very kind, helpful, patient, and good at explaining the material. She provided us with textbooks, from which we daily worked problems the last 30 mins of class with her help.
5.0 : Prof. Fitch is the best math professor, hands down. She legitimately cares if you are doing well and understanding the material. Has her previous tests online, which makes her current tests much more reasonable and easy to study for.
5.0 : My favorite professor at MS&amp;T by-far.  A genuinely kind and caring person, and a fantastic teacher. I struggle with math, but she goes out of her way to make sure her students understand. I managed to get a B, and I left with a very good understanding of the concepts. She makes math tolerable for me.
4.0 : Homework is all online. The textbook isn't necessary, but it comes with access to the online homework. The tests are made up by the math department and are usually pretty difficult so it doesn't matter which professor you take this class with. Prof Fitch was very accessible and made sure everyone understood the material. Great professor overall.
5.0 : Good
5.0 : He is the best professor I ever had. Tough to score an A in his class, but doable. You learn a lot. Even after 2 years, I still remember what he taught.
3.0 : Very thorough in teaching but be ready to have to think outside the box. Homeworks are optional but recommended if you want to do well on the tests (they are all open-book). Pretty unforgiving when it comes to grading (an 89.6% is not an A, no exceptions). Lectures can be entertaining sometimes.
5.0 : Awesome professor, great sense of humor, grades fairly, tests are open computerinterneteverything. Just try and you'll do well.
5.0 : His class is actually interesting. I looked forward to going to class. Open notes,  MATLAB and wifi on the tests. Any time I emailed him a question he replied with in a few minutes. No homework and gives partial credit even if you are wrong. If you want to learn more or don't understand something he will go out of his way to help you.
5.0 : Learnt so much this semester and he has a cool way of explaining things. I was so impressed that i decided to do research with him. Awesome chilled out dude !
5.0 : Great professor! He tries very hard to make everyone successful on the class. He has office hours and help sections in the evening(on his own time).He is patient, helpful,  good at explaining things. Definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Excellent teacher. I had him for Computer Engineering 2210 - Introduction to Digital Logic. He was excellent at explaining concepts during the lecture and even if you didn't understand it the first time around he would always explain it again. Tests and homework are easy if you study hard.
5.0 : Dr. Stanley is perhaps the best professor I have had at S&amp;T. His lectures are never dry and he presents the material in an understandable way. Homework assignments and old exams will set you up for success on the two midterms. Groups projects take up a chunk of time. The expectations are clear and projects are educational. Loved the class.
5.0 : Stanley is very helpful, caring, and good at explaining things. He posts all of the homework problems and lecture notes online so that you don't need to buy the book.
5.0 : Very good instructor. I had him for Intro to Digital Logic, and it was one of my favorite classes. He really seemed to care about his students success. Whenever I had to email him outside of office hours, he was usually responded promptly. Would recommend taking this class with him.
5.0 : He is very clear and goes into good detail in lecture. He wants students to pass and is overall a great professor.  He made linear algebra easy and useful.
5.0 : Gragg is one of the best teachers I've ever had. Cares deeply about students, knows the material phenomenally well, made a 3hr night class that could've been horrible one of the most interesting I've taken.
5.0 : He is a great professor, he loves the material he teaches and knows it very well. He loves talking with students and doesn't judge anyone, just helps and gives advice in a friendly professional way. He is a great teacher and his classes are great to have.
5.0 : Really great professor. He really pays attention to what helps students learn and makes studying easy as long as you're willing to put the time in.
5.0 : By far one of the BEST teachers. He meets with students one on one to determine the best teaching style for his class that semester. Gives you a day to day guide with all the tests and quizzes on the first day. He gives you a list of the possible short answer and essay questions for all the tests. Very knowledgeable and willing to help anyone.
5.0 : Professor Gragg is a really enjoyable teacher. He enjoys what he does and gives clear feedback on assignments.
5.0 : A great guy, really knows the subject and has passion.  As a person studying to be an engineer, this class fit perfect. Easy to study for, low/no amount of homework.
5.0 : If you don't want a killer gen-ed (but are still prepared to work a reasonable amount), this is the class. Dr. Gragg knows how to teach. His lectures are clear and interesting; his tests are based on writing prompts he releases at the semester's start. If you draft responses prior to the test, Dr. Gragg will provide feedback.
4.0 : Good teacher. Explains concepts very well, but doesn't do a lot of examples in class. Seems a little disorganized at times. Tests are pretty straight forward.
5.0 : He is very helpful. As long as you do the homeworks and ask questions, you'll pass.
5.0 : Dr Homan is one of the best professors in Mechanical Engineering at Missouri ST. He explains the concepts really well and he is very approachable. Really nice Professor.  Very very helpful with the assignments. The exams are challenging though, but if you have listened to his lectures with attention , you would be able to get a good grade
4.0 : The class is easy and you most likely won't have to take the final. Just be careful and make sure you do good, because he doesn't give you your grade until the weekend before finals. Other than that he is a really nice guy with interesting things to talk about.
4.0 : Good Teacher. Could've pulled off an A if i just studied a little harder.
2.0 : He only does examples, over and over again. We never use the textbook. His quizzes and exams aren't an accurate reflection of what he taught us, containing things he never talked about.
5.0 : Dr. Ma truly loves teaching and it shows. He has a lot of passion and really wants his students to succeed. He makes you earn that though, get ready for a lot of homework and challenging exams. The class is incredibly fair, he tells you want you need to know, it's just difficult
4.5 : Best nicest teacher ever.
5.0 : Leopold is very good at explaining and making sense of the things she teaches. She is fun and sometimes funny. The class was only composed of 10 quizzes - two of which were dropped.
5.0 : I had Leopold for Structures of a Compiler, the class and content was very interesting. This class gave me the most programming homework that I've had in a class in the four years I've been here, so expect a lot of programming for this class.
5.0 : Dr. Leopold is awesome! The homeworks and quizzes are pretty easy, but still communicate course material very well. She's a great teacher and class is fun. You'll learn things in her class.
5.0 : Dr. Leopold is one of my favourite professors.  She is great at giving feedback, and can help challenge all levels of students in even the most basic classes. I would often overdo my homework, and she would push me even further to step outside my box.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher and probably the best in the computer science department. Always pick her as your teacher if you get the chance.
4.5 : The rubric for each homework assignment is posted before the homework is due, and if you have any questions, you can just email her about the assignment and she'll usually help. She also usually shows a sample program for the homework you are working on.
4.5 : Good professor. Always cares about students, there if you need her.
5.0 : She's a fun professor and good at explaining things.
5.0 : Dr. Waddill was my recitation instructor for physics 1 and I was pleased to find out that he is currently instructor in charge for physics 2. He give lectures that are easy to follow and his dry sense of humor makes my day. He has saved me points on tests in the past due to office hours. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Make sure you attend the lectures and pay attention. It's pretty hard not to get an A. We even talked to each other during our final exam.
4.5 : Easy A, just use the PowerPoint online for the take home test and show up every day.
4.0 : easy easy class. Just don't fail.
5.0 : Amazing!
4.5 : Explains everything as if you already know what he's talking about, hard to listen to in lecture. He does help you well though if u need help, and doesnt care much if u dont get something and is willing to help, and is available alot.
5.0 : Pringle is a great teacher who loves what he teaches more than any teacher i've ever had.  He never makes mistakes on the board in class and he explains everything well with the short time he is given to do so. You want him
5.0 : He is the nicest instructor I have ever met. Great teacher !
4.5 : lectures can be dry but you get what you expect, great guy
5.0 : I don't think it's possible to dislike Dr. Pringle, he is such a nice guy.
4.0 : Pringle is a pretty good instructor. I get lost in his lectures sometimes but he posts his slides so I just learn it from there later. He gives tests that are fair with reasonable expectations of what you should have learned.
5.0 : Dr. Pringle made Physics 2135 (II) so enjoyable. Pringle is one of those guys who really wants you to succeed. He is passionate about his work and makes the long lectures fun with small "breaks", sly jokes/puns/etc. Tests can be challenging, but they get easier as the semester goes on. LEAD is so-so, not nearly as helpful as it was for physics I.
3.0 : Labs are slightly difficult because you kind of have to teach yourself what to do. Weekly quizzes aren't too bad, but you have to make sure you read before every lab. It's easy to miss points on the lab write-ups so make sure you include everything you need to. Exams are difficult. Study as hard as you can for those. There is usually a curve.
4.5 : He is so passionate about chemistry.  He inspires me.
5.0 : Loved his class, super nice guy, extremely passionate about history.
5.0 : The best teacher I've had in college. He is extremely passionate and knowledgeable about every subject he teaches. Got a question? Ask it. He will answer it in the most inviting and in depth way imaginable. He's a genuinely great person, and I found myself staying after class to talk with him about history, when I didn't even know I liked history.
5.0 : A extremely knowledgeable professor. Only grades in the class were 3 essay style tests and boy were they difficult. He is awesome. Read one of his books if you get a chance
5.0 : I have yet to see a better organized class.  He gives you the notes, fills them out with you, and shows you how to use the tools.  The experience he has in automation control and in teaching really made a difference for me.  He is the best instructor I've ever had, bar none.
5.0 : Excellent teacher. Has taught PLC courses many times and is very good at it. EE235 is very informative and is not taxing if you attend class. The lab is an excellent way to get real experience using several different PLC languages. The lab is infinitely easier if you have a good, motivated lab partner, so choose wisely.
5.0 : Solid professor, really knows PLCs and is great at teaching others about them. The lab is the best EE lab component I have had.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, and probably the best at S&amp;T. She explains everything in a way that makes sense. She also takes a lot of time to help students outside of class. I recommend her over any other teacher!
5.0 : Dr. Swift is awesome.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had thus far. She wants you to succeed and welcomes you into her office anytime she can make for it.  Very good lectures with tons of examples.
5.0 : Awesome
4.5 : Very good professor, I transferred to her from Dr. Wu's class, and suffered on the first test because of it. I was able to turn my grade around and understand the material fairly easily thanks to her excellent teaching. She gives around 1 homework assignments worth of extra credit if you go to class and participate in review sessions, would rec.
5.0 : Awesome Teacher!
5.0 : I normally don't rate on professors but Dr. Swift is, imo, one of the best lecturers you can possibly find in the department. Her lectures are clear and fast, covers a lot of materials. It's been a year since I took her class and I still remembered she said the old radio knobs are capacitors, frequency changes as you turn it. Very practical class.
5.0 : great
5.0 : One of the best professors I've taken. Lectures are great. The examples she gives are very helpful and the pacing isn't too slow or too fast.
4.0 : Easy A. Go to the LEAD sessions for the homework.
5.0 : Dr. Swift is perhaps the best professor I have had at S&amp;T thus far. Lectures are the perfect pace and are never boring. Dr. Swift's homework really helps you learn the material. Tests are straightforward. Bonus opportunities. LEAD is great for homework help. Would recommend Swift over any other professor in the ECE department! 10/10
5.0 : Greatest professor I've ever had. Hands down. I cannot oversell this professor.. I would take classes I didn't even need if he taught them
5.0 : Easily my favorite instructor at MST. Dr. Story is super enthusiastic about the material. His lectures are great and he's super helpful.
5.0 : Single best teacher I've ever had. He makes hard material easy and complex material simple, all without losing any of the actual essence of the subject.
1.0 : people here do like him cuz of his easy classes. i dont care about an easy A. I want to say here that his slides are horrible and he never had time to work on them and make them look good and easy to study. we could have learnt so much better if he would have spent more time to make better slides and notes. 99% of lectures is horrible cuz of jokes
4.5 : One of the best professors in the department. Class notes are crazy good.
5.0 : Professor Riggins is an incredible instructor with a wealth of knowledge to back all of his lectures. He is easily the best instructor I've had during my time at Missouri S&amp;T. If you are looking to learn an incredible amount of knowledge that's conveyed in an easy to understand format, enroll in any class that Dr. Riggins teaches.
3.0 : Reading the book helps tremendously. Work through all of the example problems in the book. Pay attention when he works through in-class examples and make sure to practice them before tests. You cover a lot of material so stay on top of your reading.
4.0 : Solid and clear lectures with examples that lead to each assignment. Open to questions. Downside is that it's a long class to sit for once a week so stay awake and follow along. Would recommend!
5.0 : Very thorough and concise in her lectures. Tells you exactly what you will be tested on, gives many examples, and covers all topics. Communicates with students often, and is available to help very often (even at rather odd hours). Great lecturer.
5.0 : Good instructor. If more people in the math department were as good as her...I might still be an engineer. Some of the content can be difficult, but she will go over it a few times.
5.0 : Participate by attending things and doing the few small assignments for an easy A.
4.0 : Dr. Showalter is a great professor overall. He has a lot of industry experience and relates it to the class which is helpful for understanding the material. The only thing I didn't like is that his lectures are often pretty boring and he has a very monotone voice. Not much involvement during class. As long as you do the homework, should get an A.
2.5 : Nice guy, not a great teacher.
2.5 : nice guy, not a good teacher
2.5 : Nice guy, and he teaches linear algebra very well, but he doesn't teach what he puts on his tests. He also marks off without telling you what he has marked off for, and puts red ink everywhere without it having any real meaning.
2.0 : Likes to yell, marks red ink on your paper, you have to figure out what you did wrong. A little hard to understand, but he's not a terrible teacher
4.0 : While he was not the easiest teacher I had he was always available to answer questions. He was a tough grader and did nit always explain everything on the test, if you take the time to go into his office he will work with you. After going to his office with questions once he followed up and made sure I was understanding the rest of the course.
4.0 : This is basic algebra. You can do it from here....
5.0 : While attendance is not mandatory, there are clicker questions every day that are for a grade. He isn't exactly caring and is fast paced, everyone in the class kind of bands together because Ong is accidentally hilarious.
1.0 : Terrible Teacher.  Goes over easy examples, starts the hard example and then says "you do this one at home" and moves on to the next concept.  Learned the entire course from online videos and great TA's.
4.0 : I loved taking Math 1215 with Professor Ong.  He gave informational lectures and always made sure to finish a lecture before starting a new one.  I always felt prepared for the tests.
5.0 : He's really flexible to meet outside of his scheduled office hours. He wants you to understand.
5.0 : Great teacher, very funny. You might be fine not coming to lectures but it would make your life much more difficult.
5.0 : Professor Ong is a very capable instructor. He can come across as irritated during his lecture, but this is because people don't answer questions and that wastes time. When approached with questions during office hours, he is very understanding. Class is virtually based off of 4 tests, so work hard!
4.5 : Do NOT buy the textbook; I didn't use it once. I was getting lower grades on the first couple of exams, but once I started using exams from past years (from his website) to study, I got an A on the rest of my exams. Print out power points AFTER class, because he updates them and fills in blank slides after every lecture.
5.0 : He's a great professor, interesting, fun class, great lab.
4.0 : My favorite teacher in the department. Has a real passion for what he teaches (in Microbiology) and eagerly passes on that excitement to students. Often goes on tangents about his research and various subjects, but they are always interesting and relevant. Take good notes &amp; go to review sessions for an easy A.
5.0 : Very passionate about microbiology and makes it easy to learn. He wants you to get involved and will help you get involved. GREAT PROFESSOR!!!!
4.0 : Dr. Woodley is a great choice for an instructor. You won't need the textbook (at least not for Intro to Digital Logic), as he only tests over things in his notes, which are all posted online beforehand. He does go a bit quick through the lectures but again the notes are online. The tests are fair and the pop quizzes are extra credit. very organized
4.5 : Reardon was fantastic! Lectures were super interesting and I learned a lot. If you ask him, he will help you and I even got to skip out on some assignments because I talked to him. Very easy class if you read the books and pay attention.
5.0 : She  makes an 8 am class worth showing up for. Phenomenal teacher.
5.0 : Freaking AWSOME instructor!
5.0 : Blended class set-up is great!
5.0 : Excellent instructor, funny, helpful, and thorough. She teaches all aspects of Russian and makes sure that you learn it well. While there is a lot of homework, it's always helpful and relevant to the course. The class isn't too hard, but it certainly isn't the easiest.
5.0 : Great professor. If you love a good challenge, Russian 1101 will be no problem for you. Expect to use flash cards about once or twice a week. If you were proficient in Spanish/French in your HS, this will be about the same level; expect to learn a lot of conjugations. However, she'll actually explain the conjugations!
5.0 : Madison is the BEST recitation instructor. He condenses the lectures short, sweet, and to the point. He makes sure you understand the worksheet every class and gives you credit for it. Almost always get out of recitation early. To get 100% on tests, do all the old files and memorize how to do each one (which OSEs to use).
5.0 : Dr. Madison is fantastic at reexplaining lecture content. Willing to work 1-on-1 if needed. Cares about students.
5.0 : One of the most caring professors I've had in college. Great at explaining things, and pretty funny too.
5.0 : Very clear and funny. Tests are difficult, so much material and random trivia she asks. But she's a blast to have.
2.5 : I've taken music before, so I have a good background, but I still am not doing super well in her class. She goes through things really fast and does not review things at all, so if you miss something in her lecture, too bad. I really like her as a person, but she's all over the place and I miss important test questions because of it.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dewitt's class. She has a good sense of humor and is interesting in class. I enjoy history, so this was an easy A for me. There is a lot of homework and assigned reading, but is graded easily. Tests are essay and are graded fairly tough, but as long as you get Bs  the other work will get you an A
5.0 : Great Class! Makes you care about history.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. One of the best I've had. She is passionate about the material and conveys that passion to her students.   Her tests are all essays but as long as you've done the homework and took notes in class you should be fine.
5.0 : Homework was a bit tedious, but it was helpful in the long run. Dr. DeWitt really knows her material, which made the lectures pretty interesting, despite me having very little interest in history. There's also a lot of extra credit available if you turn in assignments early.
5.0 : I had Dr. DeWitt for History 176 and History 221. She's an awesome history teacher, and just a great teacher in general. I'd say she's the best history teacher I've ever had. There will be a lot of material, as with any history class, but she makes it a lot more interesting than any of my high school teachers did. She's also very nice in general.
4.5 : Dr. DeWitt is amazing! Her lectures can get boring sometimes, but still make sure you take notes because that will get you the A!  Oh, and get ready to read a lot! But, the material is interesting.
3.0 : Interesting lectures. Crazy amount of busy work. Tests suck. Overall I'd try someone else. Other people seem to like the class though. YMMV.
4.0 : Dr. Dewitt is a very enthusiastic teacher. She loves talking about history with her students and will teach every day with a smile. Homework can be long and somewhat tedious, but as long as you do it you'll most likely have a good grade. If you can take good notes and make sure you do you're work this class will most likely be an easy A.
5.0 : Lots of homework. Beane's notes are great and you wont need the book at all .
5.0 : Though I only had him for a week, Dr. Philpot seemed like a very kind man and a really good teacher. Unfortunately, he passed away early this morning. We're all going to miss him.
5.0 : Professor is very knowledgable with subject matter considering he wrote the book we use for the class. Expect many hours of homework each week, but you will learn the material very well. His tests are not difficult if work out the homework problems and his bonus sets. I definitely recommend him for any class
5.0 : Good professor. Explains complicated material very well. If you do homework and understand it, you should get an A or B.
4.5 : Dr. Du is one of the best mechanical engineering professors at this school. The materials gets tougher as the semester progresses; however, if you go to class, his lectures are very helpful especially the classes before a test. He grades very fair, and will not ruin your test score because of mistakes. I would recommend Dr. Du to anyone
5.0 : Best teacher I have ever had. As said before, he taught me Thermo 1 in one week and Applied Thermo was much easier to understand. Got a 48 on the first test, went to his office he walked me through how to do better. Got an 87 on the second test
5.0 : Took Psych 50 with him. If you plan on taking gen psych take it with him.
5.0 : Dr. Seiffertt is an excellent computer engineering instructor. He is very knowledgeable about the material and very interested in the subject. My favorite part about attending class was the jokes he would make. Would definitely recommend him for this course and others.
4.5 : Dr. Seiffertt, who is now at Truman State University, is a great teacher. He is really hilarious in class but also knows the material very well and is able to relate it to students in a way that they will remember. I like that he doesn't curveball students on exams. He tells you straight up what to expect on the test and you can expect just that.
4.5 : He is an extremely good professor. He knows his material really well and one of the best professors I have taken so far at Truman , especially for Computer Architecture.  He talked about several important concepts like FPGAs, quantum tunneling and other really fascinating ideas in class . take this course with him if possible; you'll learn a lot!
4.0 : Dr. Seiffertt, who now works at Truman State University, is an excellent professor. Feel free to ask him any questions and he will do his best to help you. He also understands if stuff comes up and you need extensions.
5.0 : He's probably the dorkiest professor I've ever had, and I LOVE it. He's so funny, and I love how passionate he gets when he talks about programming, describing everything as "this will blow your mind". It's refreshing to see your prof get so excited about their topic. Get ready to read though. Lots of reading. But I wouls highly recommend him.
2.0 : This professor now works at Truman State University. He is a nice guy and his lectures are always funny. I had him for CS 250 and his lectures in that class are extremely confusing. No doubt he knows the material very well, he just wasn't great at relaying the information to students in this particular course. I often left that class feeling dumber
4.5 : Funny teacher and very knowledgeable.  Do not take this if you're uninterested in philosophy.
5.0 : Dr. Finke is a fantastic professor. His lectures were very discussion based, and although some people had absurd ideas he was polite about it. Homework was not very hard, but still good practice. Tests make you think, but a moderate amount of studying makes them easy to do well on.
4.0 : If you're taking Calc 1 for the first time, you might have a hard time, but you should be okay. Very nice after class if you ask respectable questions.
3.0 : I took this class as an easy blow off but instantly regretted when this was the lowest grade I had all semester. Be ready to work for it. He goes SO fast and TOO in depth. Just use the "Help Me Solve" on homework--which you must complete in a timely fashion if you want to do it well. He is rational &amp; willing to help if you go to his office hours.
4.5 : He was good, a hard class though.
5.0 : Dr. Runnion is an incredible lecturer. He has a way of breaking down his lectures into pretty simple terms so that everyone has a chance to understand the material. He regularly does clicker questions, which count as attendance. The class is how you make it, if you choose to participate and listen, you have the chance to pass.
5.0 : I had Runnion for Calc 1 and I thought that he was an excellent professor. He was extremely clear and did everything step by step and reexplained things different ways if people didn't understand. He is one of the best math teachers that I have ever had.
5.0 : Oh, Paul. He was a fantastic teacher! He absolutely loves math, and because of that, he makes learning fun.
5.0 : Dr. Runnion is by far the best math teacher at S&amp;T. I had him for Calculus 1 and Differential Equations and he did a great job in both classes. He is very energetic about math which makes the lecture even more enjoyable. If you have a chance to take a math class with him, do it!
5.0 : Runnion is one of the best professors I have ever had and is commonly regarded as the best math instructor on campus.  Great teacher of Calc 1 and Calc 3.
2.5 : He often works too fast doing examples. He is depending on questions to make him explain things rather than assuming you don't yet know the subject that well. Part of this class being such a pain is not him, it's the online homework. It isn't really based on the text we use so the notation is often different.
2.0 : I had him for calc 1 and each time I came in to ask him a question about a test question and why they graded it this way, he was extremely condescending and not listening on what I have to say, he knows his stuff but makes the tests and is a very harsh grader
2.0 : If you have taken calc 1 before then you are fine, if you haven't it is not a fun time, take it somewhere else along with the rest of your math
2.5 : I had poor experiences with Runnion. When I took this course he had another instructor substitute teach for him once. The sub was terrible and she and the TA kept the class 15 minutes late, literally screaming at anyone who had to leave. When runnion returned he took the complaints about the incident personally and had animosity toward the class.
4.5 : He somehow manages to make the entire 125 student Calc 1 class laugh at a math joke at 9:00 am. He explains everything really well and will take the time to answer your questions if you don't understand something. He sometimes makes trick clicker questions so watch out for those and read carefully.
5.0 : Runnion spends almost all class doing example problems. Following his work on the projector is extremely easy, and he is loud and clear enough to keep you awake even from the back of the lecture hall. Definitely your best option if you want a good grade in Calc 1.
5.0 : Runnion was a great choice for trig. He is extremely knowledgeable in his field, but is somewhat condescending if you asking a vaguely worded question or don't really know what you're talking about. He knows his stuff which makes it easy to learn in class and his lectures/power points are very easy to follow. I would 10/10 take his class again.
5.0 : She is loved by some, hated by more, but really she is just trying to get 1000 students through their first chemistry class since high school. She's a good lecturer though. While she can be hard to reach, she is helpful when you do get to talk to her.
5.0 : I always hated chemistry all my life but actually enjoyed it in her classes!
4.0 : Amazing at explaining. I ended up watching her lecture instead of my assigned professor because she is so much better. The class on the other hand is beyond hard.
5.0 : CHE201 is a hard class.  I definitely recommend it with Dr. Kim though.  She's very funny and extremely clear about things.  Always responds very quickly to emails.  Homework usually takes up anywhere from 15-20 pages of work.  Make sure you know how to spell "gauge".
5.0 : He is awesome. The way he explains mathematics which I dread sometimes now it seems like a game. And I see the power of mathematics. You can solve any problem by formulating it into a mathematics equation. He is a very great teacher and I really enjoy taking his course.
4.5 : Always well-prepared! Very good instructor
5.0 : Dr. Elrod is a fantastic teacher. She is in-depth in the material, while still covering everything you need to know for the tests. If you go to class and do the reading you will pass with an A no problem.
5.0 : Easiest A you'll ever get as long as you come to class and speak. You won't write papers but still learn that speech can't be taught through a textbook which essentially is the best way to learn how to do public speaking.  Sure, he's a character but still a great professor
5.0 : Mr. Jeff Winiarz, what an illustrious man. His love for chemistry is unrivaled except for his love for vodka. This surprisingly doesn't affect his teaching capabilities in the slightest. This God of a man will drill into your head the importance of fudge factors and plugging in the numbers and doing the math. 10/10 would take again, love you Jeff.
5.0 : Great chem professor. Really funny dude. Made the class actually fun. He's laid back and chill. He's really working that Dad-Bod. Saw him at the Locker Room once; so you know he's cool.
4.0 : This is one of his first years teaching the General Chemistry 1 class. He's a great lecturer and teacher, but he tends to run late in this class and you'll find that not all of the material on the homework got covered in class. Really nice guy though.
2.0 : While Jeff is funny and very dad-like, he's not the best at this class. He gets off topic and rambles. You'll never finish the lecture or have the "Internets" work. He's a nice person, but I watched the other professor's lecture to learn.
5.0 : Jeff is hilarious, has a good taste in music, and he organizes his knowledge based on whether or not information is intuitive to him. A wonderful professor.
4.0 : I always enjoyed his lectures, though the tests can be tough.  As long as you show up to class, do the homework, and study for tests, you should pass this class.
3.0 : Great job at explaining things. Only complaint is that he usually doesn't finish his lectures. Really seems to care about his students. Tests are really hard, STUDY.
4.0 : Textbook isn't necessary, but comes with access to the online homework. Lots of homework after every lecture. Make sure to go to LEAD to get bonus points and practice!!! Didn't always get through every lecture, but what he did get through, you would know very well. Great professor and really fun during class.
4.5 : Bolon is always super chill and understands if your experiment doesn't work then it's not always your fault. She tells good stories and has a really good sense of humor. This lab would be horrible if she wasn't teaching it.
5.0 : Very good professor.
4.5 : She keeps lectures before your chem lab  interesting, and she tells you exactly what you need to know.  The review sessions before the mid-term and final are worth going to, but not mandatory to pass.  You can probably skip the first hour of lecture before the lab, but she will give you answers to the post - lab questions.
5.0 : great teacher
5.0 : Dr. Bolon is a wonderful professor. She cares about the students and the understanding of material. If you need extra help, utilize her office hours. Her class isn't hard as long as you pay attention and participate
5.0 : Amazing. Definitely get to know her. She will work with your schedule and help you outside of office hours. She knows you want to pass and she cares about your grade.
5.0 : Great professor !
5.0 : Matt is an awesome professor for senior design! As long as your goals are ambitious, you will get an A in the class. He is there to help you out through the professor and he genuinely cares.
5.0 : A great man and a great Professor.
5.0 : Good explanation at steady pace, encourages student interaction, covered important topics related to signal integrity that have direct practical applications. Exams could be challenging and lengthy. Assignments could be challenging at times but fun to work on.
4.5 : Dr. Fan knows his stuff, and can present that knowledge very well.  He is extremely methodical in his lectures--laying the groundwork that previous courses probably didn't do a good enough job in doing before getting to new content.
5.0 : A great professor! He is very passionate about his field and holds a lot of knowledge. He is very helpful and takes time for his students.
5.0 : Dr. Bryan is awesome! He is simultaneously hilarious and insanely intelligent in his field, and very personable. He always makes sure to help his students when they need it, and never forgets to say hi when he sees you around campus! Super cool guy, I've had 3 classes with him so far. He's been to Iceland and can speak the language and it's so neat
5.0 : Jorge is actually the best. He's super helpful with everything and a great teacher. Also definitely one of the funniest teachers I've ever had
5.0 : Soumya was fantastic. Always available to help and go beyond
4.0 : One of the most interesting classes .Wide range of topics in class  stimulate  to participate in discussions,Communicative study is the motto here.
4.0 : He is a very innovative person and inspirational; He runs the class in a very new approach, The academic society should follow the same techniques as he uses. He cares about his students and their learning. His class helped us to develop some skills that we  had never had a chance to learn. His class recommended strongly for international students.
5.0 : The teaching  simple and an enjoyable ,great teacher , amazing course ,
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class. The professor is very good at stimulating conversations. Smaller class atmosphere. Presentations resulted in interesting class discussions. I would recommend this class and professor
5.0 : Amazing professor and the class was very interesting and pretty interactive. I loved it!
5.0 : Graduate style class, that allows for fun participation in a great learning environment.
5.0 : Dr Dogan is very flexible lecturer. This course really help to improve confidence to do presentations and help to write a parers that is really important for our research. I like to way he explain and he discuss the topics in the class.   I like to take another course with him.
5.0 : it is good to understanding a lot of ideas about energy.
3.5 : Dr. Dogan was great Teacher. Very inspiring and supportive faculty. I plan to take more classes again.
5.0 : The Professor was very polite and kind,the class atmosphere was very conducive to learning,I really enjoyed the class and gained a lot of knowledge.
5.0 : Dr Dogan is very amazing lecturer. This course with him helped me and all other students to improve our confidence and gave us the chance to learn many things. writing term parers was amazing and helped us for our research. I like the way he explain and he discuss the topics in the class. I like to take another course with him.
4.0 : To get an A in this class: read what is required before every class, never miss assignments, come to every class, and stay organized. The best thing I did was save all my powerpoint slides from the entire semester and numbered every page and made an index of every subject in the power points. This helped me immensely on the cumulative final.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Will make you work for your grade, but probably learned more in her course than any other in undergraduate.
5.0 : She's really awesome. I just did awful because I did awful on the homework and tests.
5.0 : Excellent Professor. Extremely knowledgable.
5.0 : Dr Shannon is a great teacher. Stay after class and get help with the homework if your grade starts to dip. Also, she curved our exams.
5.0 : Dr. Shannon is a hottie who is also an engaging lecturer. She is the smartest woman I have ever had the honor of meeting. 10/10 would take her classes again. Definitely a reasonable amount of difficulty for an upper level class.
4.5 : Open book tests but really more on printing off notes and adding extra info to them. Nice guy, soft spoken so listen up. Ask questions. Its part of your grade.
3.5 : Norbert is the bomb!
4.0 : This is a man who is happy with life and isn't afraid to spread that around. He's super generous and isn't afraid to say funny, edgy things.  As the new band director, he's the reason many people stay now.  If you like playing music, I urge you to join up, because this guy is awesome.
5.0 : Dave (as we call him) is an incredible director of the bands. He comes to class everyday as happy as can be and likes to crack jokes with the students. He has a passion for playing and teaching music, but he knows when to take a second and have some fun. There's no other by whom I'd rather be conducted.
5.0 : 4 papers, easy on the writing center requirement, very nice, lets you leave when your work is done
3.0 : She's a super friendly teacher that gets along with students like a kindergarten teacher. However, she is a semi-hard grader... Very easy going professor overall.
4.5 : Tate was very friendly and lively. She makes English bearable at an Engineering school. Although she can be though when grading essays, she gives lots of participation points which gives you a bump up if you're not good with English. Recommended prof!
5.0 : By far my favorite teacher here. Very emotional person, who loves the class he is teaching. If he sees you putting effort into the class, you will get rewarded with good grades.
4.0 : Generally good instructor. Not hard at all if you study.
5.0 : Shi is by far the best teacher I have had at S&amp;T. He has a bit of an accent but he explains things so clearly that it doesn't matter at all. Very little homework and easy tests. He also actually gets a ton of material across without you being confused or doing much work. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Guardiola is the best professor I have had at MST in four semesters. He covered a lot of material, and made it interesting. His lectures were clear and useful. The homeworks were difficult enough to challenge, but not impossible. He very effectively used Piazza for addressing questions. Very interesting case studies. Overall great.
3.5 : I took EngMng 137 where she would teach half of the class from a webcam and a TA would do some examples afterwards. She was good at clearly presenting the material.She also had everything on blackboard with videos explaining the same things so going to class wasn't actually necessary unless you were having trouble.
5.0 : Pretty easy class overall if you put the work into it. She will answer any questions/concerns you have.  Don't slack off like I did, get an A, all the material is given to you. Don't let your GPA slip from taking advantage of how easy the course is.
5.0 : Great teacher. One of the most useful classes S&amp;T offers.
4.0 : Super easy as long as you stay on top of deadlines! Nice GPA boost.
5.0 : Great professor overall. Made electromagnetics understandable, that's a feat by itself.
5.0 : Very clear and concise lectures with great examples! Pretty tough tests but if you go to class, take notes, and do the homework it's a great class with Kumar
4.5 : Sometimes he moves through material very fast, and it is hard to take notes. Otherwise, he is fantastic professor.
5.0 : EXCELLENT INSTRUCTOR!!! The level of passion Dr. Kumar has for students success in and out of the classroom is second to none. I wish I could have him for an instructor for every course I have taken at S&amp;T.
5.0 : Best professor in the department. Very in tune with his students, especially those who are struggling. Always calm and well organized and respects even the dumbest questions. Lectures clearly and efficiently. His tests are challenging but fair and without surprises. He really cares for your understanding and success.
5.0 : Great prof.
5.0 : Professor Kumar is THE BEST teacher for this class.  It would be great if the rest of the teachers had his level of professionalism and teaching ability.  This class is really hard, but he teaches very well.   Qualities:  Patient, Many relevant examples, Understandable, Fair grader, Great Lectures
5.0 : This professor does a phenomenal job at teaching. I would take all my class from him if I could!  This class is by a long shot from easy. You will have to work for even a B.  I personally failed the first test but came back to a B with ALOT of work!
5.0 : Kumar is the best, the class gets way harder near the end.
5.0 : Easily one of the best Professors I had at this school. His classes are difficult but he is an excellent teacher, really cares about his students and that they learn the material for their careers. I'd always recommend him.
5.0 : I took Modeling in Summer-2016. Dr. Kumar is consistently prepared for class, teaches with enthusiasm, and rarely makes mistakes in the computations of this course. Additionally, on a more personal level, Kumar always welcomes students into office hours to assist them with learning the material of this course.
5.0 : He gives excellent lectures. Will take time in office hours to ensure you understand the material. By far one of the best professors I've ever had.
3.0 : The way he teaches dynamics makes it an absolutely brutally difficult course. He moves too fast and throws too much at you in a class period, sometimes going through (and expecting you to understand) an entire chapter in a single day. Very professional, but not a great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Kumar does a great job at explaining the material and is always there to help you. He expects a lot from students, and the exams are (usually) very hard. However, this prepares you for controls.
5.0 : Professor Kumar is really good at explaining the material and any possible complications that may show up in the math. He provides plenty of examples and is usually helpful when asked questions. His tests are really hard, but he knows this so he grades pretty fairly. Expect if you show correct use of the concepts to get most of the points.
5.0 : I have to agree with what others have written about Dr. Kumar. He is one of the best professors in the department who cares a lot for his students. This is my second class with him (other being linear systems) and it seems he can teach any course with ease. Exams are tough but he prepared me well for it.
5.0 : Kumar is the Man.
5.0 : he is amazed to teach. You should see him during the class. He is very clear to explain something if you are enough intelligent for a university student. He is also helpful. He has idea for every scientific area. So, he uses this knowledge to connect with even every hard details in order to simplify it.
4.5 : he is perfect.
4.0 : He is usually start very slow with  long explanation about basic thing(which is good) suddenly he find out that he's late,then run fast besides,homework, presentation,reading papers term project,field trip report .Don't miss his first exam and quizzes. sometimes you need to write what he said to get answers for his questions.
5.0 : Interesting and passionate about History of Science. Don't take this class if you can't handle a little bit of feminist rhetoric.
5.0 : He always has one long test at midterms, which is near impossible to get a good score on. However, this is one of the easier courses he has taught and I would recommend taking it for a fairly easy A (as long as you turn in homework and go to class).
5.0 : This professor is one of the most knowledgable professors I know and has high expectations for his students (great trait in my opinion to have). I still have the project presentation to do but thus far if you focus and put forth the effort you will be fine. I have heard that the presentation is brutal but just doing your best and cite everything.
4.5 : professor is very thorough and knowledgable.  Course work was not hard, and was geared towards preparing you for the exams.
5.0 : He is an expert on Phytoremediation, which is evident from his teaching and research projects. Dr. Burken is a flexible professor who is willing to help you with your questions. He pushes the students to think out of the box and considers all possible options for a question asked in the class or the test.
4.5 : Overall, Dr. Kinzel was outstanding. The class was very useful covered interesting material that is very useful. He has office hours and is always ready to help. The quizzes are there to make sure you understand the hw and the test are pretty straight forward as long as you have been doing the hw. good class and GREAT professor.
5.0 : Morales is hilarious and gives interesting lectures. CS1510 isn't too hard of a class, but it's pretty interesting. I wish I were as passionate about anything as much as Morales is about recursion. "It will expand your mind!"
5.0 : loves futurama and recursion
4.0 : Great professor, great guy. Knows what he's teaching.
4.5 : Cool guy.
4.5 : Dr Morales's lectures are entertaining and easy to understand.  He is the best professor I have had so far.
5.0 : I really wish this school would hire more professors like Morales. His lectures are interesting, he's extremely helpful during his office hours, and he genuinely wants to see you succeed. Definitely one of the best instructors I've had.
5.0 : Morales is maximum value. Super nice dude!
5.0 : Dr. Morales is the coolest prof I could imagine. Great teacher, fun guy.
5.0 : He's really good at teaching the class. Probably the only professor I've given "Excellent" to in all sections for the student rating. Attendance is... technically mandatory, but he usually stops caring about halfway in.
5.0 : Best professor in the department. Great lecturer, and giggles with glee when he gets to recursion. He understands what it's like to be a student and it's fun to see him hanging around the CS building outside of class. He even helps students with classes he doesn't teach.
5.0 : Dr. Morales is amazing! He's hilarious, brilliant, easy to understand, expressive, friendly, and widely loved by his students. During office hours, he happily helps students understand material from various classes and is extremely helpful (he knows everything!). He'll kick your butt at street fighter though.
5.0 : To quote this wonderful and recursive professor, "tell it to the duck!"
5.0 : The way he lectures &amp; helps his students outside of class is as if it's his one true goal to aid them in their pursuit of knowledge. A lot of teachers/profs seem to use students as a means to reach goals (namely, providing income while they do research), but Morales seems to teach purely to allow students to use him to reach their goals. Great dude
4.5 : Morales is a great teacher. He is a cool professor and is very interested in computer science. His only draw backs are that he will fall far behind on grading and usually doesn't cover all of the material by the end of the semester that he is supposed to. When I took the class, we ran out of time and didn't cover a couple of data structures.
4.5 : Very clear when giving examples and explaining Solutions step by step. Will answer any question to the best of his ability. Goes in to detail where you ask, even if it's not a main part of the lecture. Awesome professor
4.5 : This professor is hands down the best male instructor I've had in the CS Department.  Price wasn't bad, but his sense of humor doesn't always hit home as well as Dr Morales.
5.0 : Morales may be the best instructor I've ever had. I've had him for 4 classes now. He's extremely good at getting students interested in the course material, and obviously cares a lot about the success of his students. If he's not in class, you'll find him in the CS lounge, either helping a student or arguing about which is the best Final Fantasy
5.0 : He's the most wonderful professor imaginable!
5.0 : Anytime he mentions recursion he gazes into the distance longingly. He's the most wonderful professor imaginable!
5.0 : Dr. Morales is the most liked professor in the CS department. He won an outstanding teaching award in 2016, which he full heartedly deserved. His classes are very easy, but you will still learn from them. You will be doing a fair amount of programming, but nothing too strenuous.
4.0 : He is a good guy who seems to care a lot for his students. He welcomes questions about present or future problems.
4.0 : He's a great guy and I really respect him, if you get the chance to take a class with him you should. His class is mostly a lecture and his tests are an easy A, if you pay attention and write down what he tells you. Extra credit is guaranteed on all the tests he gives you.
5.0 : I loved this class with Professor Brinkmann. He made sure the concepts were understood and had an enjoyable class. Class was 2.5 hours long so lectures got a little boring after awhile, and he often let classes leave early. Got to know every student by name and was a genuine, funny guy
4.5 : He talks a lot and will get off topic. I know one at least one person in my class had a running total for how many times he said "bottom line is..." or mentioned working for CAT. But he's a really great guy and is very passionate about what he teaches. He's also extremely helpful.
5.0 : Dr. Olbright is the definition of a great Teacher. Her teaching is clear and concise. She's caring, non-judgemental and very approachable. Highly organized in-terms of lectures, study materials, and exams.
5.0 : Great lecturer, pretty attractive. She explains the material clearly and always makes sure to answer any questions that anyone may have. She's extremely focused on making sure we understand the material.
4.5 : Sabrina is very enthusiastic about mathematics which can be good and bad. I'm a bit of a math nerd myself, so I really gel with her love of math. Others might see this as a bit of an obsession. She's very animated in the lectures and it helps me to pay attention. Her native language is German, but her english is pretty good. 910 would take again.
5.0 : Teaches at a moderate to fast pace. Be sure to pay attention, this class is by no means easy. Instructor is helpful with any questions or assistance needed.
5.0 : Dr. Dolan is a great professor!! I have learned more from her than I have learned from any other professor. She is very knowledgeable and passionate and definitely rubs that passion off on you!! I am so glad that I took her class and hope to take another soon!!!
5.0 : I absolutely love Dr. Dolan. I really enjoy the classes I have taken with her. She is always prepared for class and encourages discussions always! If you enjoy American literature, you will have a blast in her class!
3.0 : Nice person when she talks about personal stuff. Irritating though that she only puts assignment criterias on a Powerpoint slide and alot of info would be missing. Even when the whole class isn't aware of a requirement for assignment, she would point fingers and say we talked about it which is BS. Has the "I want to be right" kind of attitude.
5.0 : She really cares about her students. She talks a lot and likes to laugh so that makes class interesting. Also she's pretty understanding if you need to miss class or need an extension on a paper for whatever reason. Assignments aren't always clear though and she assigns heavy reading.
5.0 : This class is an easy A but only if you go to class. Attendance is also taken for 5% of your overall grade extra credit. Only six homework assignments all semester and six "pop quizzes" that he usually mentions ahead of time. One quiz is dropped. Three tests with a crib sheet and no final. The professor is a super nice guy and really smart.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had at Rolla. He explains everything, gives great notes, and provides plenty of old tests and other examples to help you. Responds quickly to questions.
5.0 : He is  one of the best math teachers I've had here. Always enthusiastic and if you ask him any question no matter how long, he will always make sure you understand it.  Missouri S&amp;T should hire him as a teaching professor. He is so funny in class and has eye contact with everyone.
4.0 : Had for Differential Equations. Followed schedule and lectures were concise. Gave good explanations with notes.  Kept class lively and interesting.
4.5 : He actually cares that we understand the material and will go above and beyond to make sure that every student gets it. He is also super funny and keeps math fun, which is not easy to do.
5.0 : Keeps diff eq interesting and exciting. I wish I would have had him for all of my other math classes.
3.0 : Oz isn't a bad teacher, but if you've never taking calc before than expect to teach yourself. He teaches the class as if everyone took calc in high school so it's kind of tough if you never have.
5.0 : He is such a great professor.
5.0 : Oz's accent is badass. He's really funny and can relate to the students well. He could probably manage to make a lecture on paint drying enjoyable. 10/10 would bang again.
5.0 : He is the best TA that I have ever known in Math department... and now he is Dr. Oz...
5.0 : If you have Oz as an instructor, you can expect the perfectness. He is a great instructor. I took differential equation from him and he is just "woow"...
4.5 : The Double O-Z.  Did a good job at teaching the class, writes legibly, slight accent but not a problem to understand.  Provides his lecture notes online and many old exams are on Blackboard, so I would call attendance optional (make sure to turn in homework though).  His lecture notes are easy to follow through, and he's not a boring lecturer.
5.0 : Ozturk is one of the most loving and chill dudes out there! He can deliver amazingly funny and educational lectures and still make jokes that make the whole lectures laugh. Truly an amazing lecturer.
5.0 : Dr. Oz is the best instructor I have ever had. He always makes his lectures  fun nd enjoyable...
5.0 : Dr. Oz is a great professor and person overall. He is young, and cracks many jokes that relate well to students. He teaches Calc 1 in a way that is easy to understand and goes over many examples in class. He has a turkish accent, but is easy to understand. He never canceled class and did not take attendance; however, I suggest attending lectures.
4.0 : Professor Zhang is excellent at explaining the material covered. Most of the professors follow the posted lectures, but she does extra examples to ensure her students comprehend what she is teaching. By far the best mathematics professor I have had from this school. I would definitely recommend Professor Zhang to another student.
5.0 : Dr. Zhang is definitely the best professor I have had so far. She goes out of her way to compile the best possible practice problems for us to do in class to ensure her students thoroughly understand the material. One time she even held an extra 2 hour class period just to help us review for an exam. Fantastic professor.
4.5 : I love Dr. Zhang. Her class was a bit hard at first. Wasn't use to her teaching style and her accent but it got way easier as the semester went. This class is fairly easy as long as you study. Her notes follow the exam pretty closely. The homework is hard. Dr. Zhang is willing to help if you go to her and don't skip class.
5.0 : He is a challenging instructor, but teaches   challenging classes.  He knows everything in the curriculum forwards and backwards, and out of class discussions are beneficial.  Do the homework, study for the tests, and you will leave the class with a deep understanding of the material.
5.0 : Really nice professor. My attendance was horrible and he still talks to me in respect and patience. Study a lot for his exams, as they are reported to be hard by all my friends. And the average was not so high, 70ish. As long as you understand the material thoroughly it shouldnt be a problem. No tricky questions. But dont underestimate
5.0 : You've made it if you have this guy.  Not only is he pretty lax, but he really works with you and the class.  Nothing to be concerned about here.  Ask him about driving through Kansas in the 70s.
1.0 : He is an awful lecturer. He is completely disorganized, makes everything into a joke. He graded our final inconsistently with what he told us originally. I had to learn everything on my own. It wouldn't have been any different if I would not have gone to class. He doesn't follow his slides and just scribbles on the board. He is a complete joke.
1.0 : Well lets just say he loves talking about his cows during lectures...
4.5 : Master Lay is awesome! He makes jokes and gets off topic, so you look forward to going to recitation. He sings too.
3.0 : Very entertaining if you know the material already. Does examples and explanations in class that benefit for the homework. Won't allow you to fall asleep, but who would want to!
1.0 : Easily distracted. Poor teaching skills. He likes cows.
4.0 : Very good professor. Very helpful with physics equations. Does examples in class. Makes students do problems and then goes over problems with entire class. Very funny, also. Makes physics a little less painful.
5.0 : Physics was taken to another level.
5.0 : Great party ideas
5.0 : Physics was taken to another level with this engaging professor!
5.0 : Cares about students learning, knows his physics. Funny, great personality.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Expect lots of singing and physics chants. Also some of his high school history. But he's excellent at explaining physics, and is pretty lenient on grading. Overall great teacher
4.5 : Hears voices and sees people. Always talking about his Latin war cows. What are we talking about?
1.0 : If I already knew the material he would be funny. I did not, so I found him an immense disappointment. He did not teach. He told pointless stories. A professor teaching the next level of physics would start his lectures with "did any of you have Lay?" so he would know if he needed to rexplain basic concepts. So so angry. TEACH! I wanted to learn...
5.0 : A great guy, he explains topics well and has hilarious stories behind almost every lecture. Would recommend to any people wanting to take this course.
5.0 : Lay is someone who makes the material fun and easy to learn. Because of that, recitation is fun and easy to listen through. He is able to explain concepts with easy to understand examples.
5.0 : He brought a piglet to class once. That was fun.
4.0 : While his lectures aren't traditional, he does a great job of working through problems and examples so that students better understand the homework and are well prepared for the test.
4.0 : Great professor always makes you laugh. Wait til the end and ask to see a picture of him from 1978.
5.0 : David E. lay isnt so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw someone teach Physics with such gusto and humor? Lay outs instruction on another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a teacher with his skill and passion for Physics again. Physics breaks GPAs. Lay breaks the rules. You can keep your tests, I prefer the doctor
5.0 : He is so funny.
5.0 : Great teacher.
5.0 : Lay makes the class a real spectacle. His ability to distract students from physics is phenomenal, yet he still provides great instruction when covering the material.
4.5 : The best teacher in the entire Mechanical Engineering Dept. He is new to the school (which may be why). I had no interest in controls and feared the class before taking it. By the end of the semester it was my favorite class. He cares more about his students than any teacher at S&amp;T. Great guy.. Go to class, take notes, ask questions. Ace controls!
4.5 : This teacher is probably the best teacher for Controls.  He gives extra credit on homework that can easily round your homework up to 100% (but not above).  His tests are out of 20 pts, but they are similar questions from examples in class. Bristow just seems hard in comparison.
4.0 : Very helpful lectures. Tests are pretty straightforward as long as you put everything on your crib sheet.
2.5 : First exam was not hard, Second and final exams were very hard. You must spend over 3 hours a day to understand this course.
5.0 : Tests are neither easy nor hard if you attend most of the classes. First exam was kind of easy, but last two exams were not trivial - especially the second one. You need to pay 'constant' attention to his entire class and review lectures in a timely manner to pass with a good grade.
5.0 : Dr. Yucelen is just amazing!  Perfect balance between control theory and its applications.
5.0 : I loved the course
5.0 : The best controls professor. Just take his class and enjoy.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : An amazing teacher! Not an easy course but you master the material.
5.0 : Hutch is generally a cool, relatable guy.  He is usually very explicit about what he is looking for in terms of the class project and how it will be graded.  Talking to him about your project helps to prevent unnecessary grief later.  Only the basics of NX are covered, but his tutorials are useful.
5.0 : Super chill dude. He's not incredible at teaching but he's not bad either. He is an easy grader and is very understanding of his students. I took a non-departmental class with him and he knew know one really wanted to be there, so he took it pretty easy on us.  He does take a while to grade though. Overall would take him again.
3.5 : Really easy, almost pointless class. Just there to cushion GPA...
4.5 : Easy to pay attention to. Very enthusiastic. Clearly lays out what you need to know
4.5 : Gill is a very fair and helpful instructor.  However, at times the course work was difficult/confusing because it is self-paced and based entirel online.  This may also be the nature of any classes where regulations are being taught.
5.0 : LOVE LOVE LOVE HER! Super nice and funny. Super great at explaining things.
5.0 : Cool. Smart.
4.0 : Good teacher. Does a good job explaining. Easy to meet up outside of class. Tough grading on tests.
5.0 : Dr. Cutitaru cares for his students, which is refreshing.
2.0 : When a professor introduces himself with pride, mentioning students frequently refer to him as the "GPA crusher" (that's a direct quote), it does not instill confidence nor respect in the professor. We were dumped with a VHDL project with 1 day experience in it, no knowledge of syntax, nor any help. He was out of town the weekend it was due.
5.0 : He talks fast. Immensely fast. However, he gives out all the slides that he goes over in class before the start of class, take this time to take notes on the slides so you can follow along. Additionally, he makes clear how things stack with each other and how subjects covered earlier in the class are still prevalent
5.0 : Great teaching professor and advisor!  Missouri S&amp;T needs more teaching professors like Dr. Cutitaru and Dr. Swift. Many of the research professors don't care too much about keeping their courses fresh.
4.5 : A great professor, teachers the class very well and you can tell he has a passion for the subject. His examples are great, and you know exactly what the tests will be like. The only thing is he talks quite fast, but thats defiantly not a deal breaker.
4.0 : Not the Rolla usual where he is here for research. He does have research and Extra-Currics he sponsors so prepare for spills about that but he is very helpful, made sure I got a B. Pretty sure I bombed the final but somehow got "exactly what I needed" for a B in the class. I always went to office hours, emailed him etc. YOU GET WHAT YOU PUT IN!!
4.5 : Real nice guy. Has a passion for Computer Engineering. Has an accent, but is clear to understand. Class has a lighter tone, is always very patient and engaging with the class. Loves to work example problems on the board. Always goes over homework problem by problem (time permitting) and made his steps very clear.
3.5 : Doesn't follow through on the huge curves he alludes to in class so don't depend on those. I didn't like having only 3 assignments(that were fairly long) and just a mid term and final. By the time you knew what you were doing wrong, you were done. Also the project was really disorganized and not thought out. Not the blow off class they say it is.
5.0 : Good teacher.
4.5 : Really helpful lectures. Many examples. Do the homework and the tests aren't extremely difficult. Happy to help if you come to office hours.
5.0 : Good instructor all around. If you put in some work you should pass with no problem. Takes more work to get the  "A" though. Worth taking.
5.0 : I loved the class I had with professor Devault. She was incredibly funny and had us talk about social justice, and current events. She is very liberal-minded, which I liked, but was tougher on some of the more conservative students. This class was very easy and the work we did was interesting
5.0 : Tracie Davault made what could be an extremely boring class into a fun and engaging one.
5.0 : Class is fun, can be interesting if you have the right group of students. The teacher is hilarious and allows really interesting speech topics to be presented. She is serious about dates so make sure the day you present you go to class.
5.0 : She was outstanding. Would take more classes with her.
4.5 : This is definitely the professor you want to take with Thermo. She has an accent, but otherwise is still clear enough to explain the material. If you do your homework and pay attention in class, you'll do fine. Test problems look like the homework. Attendance is taken randomly, but only the properties table book is needed for class.
4.0 : She may not be the best teacher on the planet, but she's the best thermodynamics teacher at Missouri S&amp;T. If you want a teacher that actually does examples in class, goes slow enough that you can understand, and grades fairly: Take her. She's the only teacher who does in-class examples. Take notes and do your homework and you'll pass.
5.0 : A great professor who explains everything before giving you any experiment or assignment. Study regularly what is being taught in the class and you will have good amount of knowledge as well as good grade in the course.
5.0 : COOL teacher ever
2.0 : Dr. H is not accessible outside of class. If you have a problem, address it in person after a lecture. There is a slim chance you'll find him during scheduled office hours and you are very unlikely to get a response to any emails you send him. Outside of communication issues Dr. H is a decent teacher who knows the material.
5.0 : Very nice and intelligent person.
5.0 : Nick is down-to-earth. He makes HCI not only bearable but interesting. Would take another class with him.
5.0 : would take his classes again
4.5 : He's very good at clarifying, but sometimes he over-clarifies things. He knows his subject inside out, teaches well, and has nicely organized notes. He's a graduate student, and understands student struggles quite well. As a result, he's somewhat lenient with homework due dates. He treats basic classes (calc 2 &amp; 3) like basic classes. Good, overall
3.0 : Some people refer to him as the "file guy" because he didn't change the tests much until this semester. As long as you actually work through the homework and use that more than old tests to study for exams, you'll be fine. You will need to put in some serious effort if you want a grade higher than a C though.
5.0 : There is no quizzes,very good feedback .If you do your homework and understand the lectures you will get a high score in exam. He is an amazing professor and his lectures always so well organized.  I strongly recommend  and advise you to take Heat Transfer course with him.
4.0 : Yang gave tests that were either exact file or pretty close. Test 2 was exact file and got a 100. This is by far the largest curving teacher I've ever had. Test scores were as follows and still received a B: 44, 65, and 100. Averages on almost every test was around 50. Homework is file and gives attendance points.
4.5 : I had her for International Business Ethics. She has great applicable life experience that she brings up in lectures from her time with Motorola and other niche companies. Defiantly willing to help if you're serious and grades fairly. We didn't use a text book we used case studies and other materials she hadfound online.
4.0 : She is really good in her area.
5.0 : Great professor! I love her!
5.0 : He is an extraordinary smart guy!!
5.0 : He's awesome!
5.0 : Audai is enthusiastic and extremely helpful.
5.0 : Cuchta is a funny one! He's a really great math teacher and will always pause for questions and work as many examples as the students ask for. He gets all excited to show his students his upper level math theory concepts. Best math teacher at S&amp;T other than Runnion.
4.0 : He is generally a great professor. He does notes on the blackboard with kind of sucks but he goes through many examples in class. Does expect you to have preread the material as he starts the class with examples. He doesnt make the calc 3 tests so the hard tests are not his fault. hmwk is relevent to the material and not too lengthy
4.0 : Provides you all the material you need to get an A. Cares, and will explain if you don't understand anything.
3.0 : Her lectures are very interesting and she is incredibly knowledgeable. She is very kind and willing to help students. Her tests are extremely difficult though and you have to study for them. She has really unreal expectations when it comes to her papers. You can submit a rough draft and change all the things she asks you to and still fail it.
4.0 : Very Interesting Class. Shes a good teacher and knows what shes talking about. Her tests are pretty tough. Not a lot of work outside of tests and projects. Be ready to study a lot to get a good grade in this class. Utilize her office hours.
5.0 : Her lectures are very interesting and engaging and she knows what she's talking about. It's the only class where I sit front row. However, her class isn't just an easy A; you have to actually put in the work. Her tests are hard if unprepared, but if you are interested in psychology and read the chapters you'll do fine. Also there's extra credit.
4.0 : He definitely makes learning fluids easier. His lectures are straight forward, but his accent can get in the way sometimes. The weekly tutor sessions are very helpful. My only grievance is the class is graded on a bell curve, so what is often a B in other classes could be a C if the class average is high, for example.
5.0 : He approaches the material more along the lines of "hey, check out this neat thing about electricity and magnets and stuff" than as if it's course material. Excellent instruction method. He taught with enthusiasm making me very attentive to the lectures.
5.0 : I was hard the entire time.
4.0 : He gives a lot of opportunity for extra credit ; )
5.0 : Great instructor, weekly hoemwork... but homework can be overwhelming at times... Sometimes.
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've had at MST. She is very nice, and goes out of her way to assure all of her students understand the material. If you want to do well in her class, she will jump through hoops to help you. She makes a difficult subject easy if you put in the time (you will have to put in the time, but that's because of the class).
5.0 : Koen is the best teacher I have ever had at MST. She actually cares about her students, which is really hard to find at the college level. She takes time out of her own schedule to make sure you understand the material. She goes above and beyond. TAKE STATICS WITH HER, YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. Truly an amazing teacher!
5.0 : She is a saint! All her students love her, and so will you! Statics may be a difficult class, but she is a great teacher and you will get through it. I have nothing but great things to say about Koen. One of the best teachers MST has on staff.
5.0 : Super helpful and really wants you to succeed! Awesome teacher!
5.0 : Dr. Koen is the best professor that I have had at MST. If you are taking Statics, make sure that you are in her class. She is always willing to answer any questions you have after class, or through email. She will do whatever is necessary to help a student succeed in her class.
5.0 : She is truly a fantastic teacher! She has office hours constantly if you need help and is great about answering your homework questions via email. She genuinely wants to teach, which is rare on the S&amp;T campus. I was really worried about taking statics, however she made the class fun and interesting. The tests are hard but they are department tests.
5.0 : She is an awesome teacher. Gives extra credit chance as well. She makes awesome note pages for review before the test and goes over the test the next lecture to make sure everyone understands it.
5.0 : Statics itself is a super difficult class. Koen is basically a happy grandmother who just wants you to do well and understand and she is willing to talk and help you whenever you need it. She wants you to succeed--but it's very hard to do so in Statics. As long as you go to her classes and put in the work required (homework &amp; studying), you'll pass
5.0 : A real gem.  She will respond to emails almost immediately.  Provides tons of helpful hints and will help you if you ask.
5.0 : Great professor, really wants you to do well.
5.0 : Dr. Koen is literally one of the nicest professors at MST. She is both a good teacher and a good person. The class is difficult because of the structure of the tests. Imagine the Physics 23 Final on steroids (All MC and no partial credit) 4 times a semester and then a final. However, Dr. Koen is always willing to help, via email and in person.
5.0 : This class is hard. Homework takes 8-10 hours a week on average. The homework is also very hard but challenging. Dr. Koen is an amazing professor and is willing to help you in any way she can. She is willing to go above and beyond to help you succeed. She gets to know everyone individually. This class is a lot easier having her as a teacher.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best profs here! Knows what she's doing and gives lots of material to access outside of class. Teaches extremely well and is VERY accessible, has lots of office hours and answers email OFTEN. Her wall isn't covered in "Officially the Best Prof. Ever!" Awards for nothing! I had her class twice (don't ask) and she's great!
5.0 : He's a very nice teacher and cares about his students. He is big on making students develop as people in areas outside of class.
4.5 : Good instructor, cares about students. Voice sometimes sounds robotic.
5.0 : Cuchta was an excellent teacher. Very clear about the concepts and worked many examples. Always gives a review day before the test. I love her sarcasm/sass. Both Cuchtas are the best math teachers at S&amp;T, in my opinion. As far as difEQ, it's a tough class with weekly, written out homework  taking about 4-7 hours. Tests never fail to screw you over.
5.0 : Dr. Pan is a great teacher who can explain the material very clearly. He knows all the material very well and deliver it in a understandable way.  Since 5519 is a upper level course. He mainly just required understanding of the material and didn't go too harsh on the grades. Homework submission can be somewhat delayed.
3.5 : Professor Pan is a very knowledgable teacher, but sometimes has trouble teaching the material to students. His tests are easy as they come straight off of the study problems he assigns for practice. In order to do well in this class, make sure you diligently do the homework, and work out the study problems.
5.0 : Dr. O'Keefe gave a great introduction to materials and processing. I learned a lot and it really helped me solidify my major choice. The homework wasn't bad and the tests were reasonable. He really teaches you to think like an engineer.
4.5 : Great teacher. Gives interesting lectures that are interspersed with life advice and humorous comments. There wasn't a lot of work, but I still learned a lot.
4.5 : He is amazing at conveying information in a way that is interesting. He has an amazing sense of humor that makes up for the random scribbles he beats into the chalkboard. I highly recommend this guy.
5.0 : really cool guy with interesting lectures
5.0 : There was not alot of work to be done in this class, but I learned alot! Fascinating lectures that really make you think. I would recommend him to anyone taking a philosophy intro. class.
1.0 : This professor is very unclear about his online religious philosophy course. VERY unclear grading criteria. He has seemed to be quite illiterate by constantly spelling terms wrong and not understanding the simple questions I have asked him. (ie. I asked him for an example of an "A" essay and he sent me an excerpt from a book?)
4.0 : Very funny lectures.  For a philosophy professor, he is very unbiased and is more than open to talk and discuss different ideas.
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class! Not just because it as an easy A. I really took away a lot from the readings. Not too bad.
4.0 : Taking him now, great professor! Super helpful and easy on the eyes!
5.0 : Really great teacher, he is able to break down very confusing concepts so anyone can understand.  He actually made the class entertaining, he's pretty funny.  I would definitely recommend taking him.
5.0 : Dr. Zheng is a solid teacher. She isn't easy, isn't hard in terms of difficulty. That being said, she really cares about your understanding of the material.
5.0 : he is the best prof. ever
5.0 : Dr. Hodges is very experienced and knowledgeable. This class is very easy if you go to class and pay attention. Make sure to do the weekly, online homework as well. The biggest downside was the $270 textbook/access codes that you have to buy. No way around it whatsoever. All in all, a good class.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher.
5.0 : The homework was easy. Go to class for attendance points. The tests were strangely difficult for a marketing class. They were all multiple choice but super long. The group project was pretty terrible with a proposal, 60 page report, and a presentation. Overall, not the worst or best class.
5.0 : Great professor, excellent notes. Tests are difficult but nothing unusual. He also curves to an average of 80 which helps.
4.0 : Professor Sneed was excellent at explaining both the concepts and the details of each subject. She was also very good about referencing the ACI 318 code, which is a great head start for when you use the knowledge from the class in engineering practice. Her tests didn't leave you any spare time, so you had to know your stuff. Great professor overall
4.5 : "Call me Jim". He has amazing lectures and I would love to take another of his classes. He took us on a field trip too which was pretty awesome. He is very interested in karst so you will be too, lol. He's super awesome.
5.0 : He knows the topic well but expects us to know lots of background.
4.0 : This course is not difficult so far. Still in it now but thus far there are few assignments and have been pretty straightforward. Project and final heavy. The only test taken is the final though so expectations are to be unknown. Id recommend the teacher though because he does go over important information. Even if it is easily learned.
5.0 : Class was great. Supper helpful during ffice hours.
5.0 : Math lab with mark is fun.
5.0 : Great class, &amp; Dr Kueny really worked to give distance students the same opportunities/ benefits of those who could be there in person, imo. Will def look at taking more of her courses if possible
5.0 : Best Computer Science professor! Guo is enthusiastic, effective, and professional. For those who want to spend some effort to and learn from the course, he is your man.
5.0 : Guo does his best to give you as much points as possible on tests, homework, and quizzes. Even if you get a question wrong, you are very likely to get partial credit as long as the answer is on the right track. The homework and quizzes in the class were somewhat difficult, but the test questions weren't nearly as bad. Study examples for the tests!
4.0 : This guy is the bomb (calorimeter). He teaches fairly well and tries to make the class more interesting by relating stories about his homeland to the content, but be prepared for this class to more closely resemble a math lecture. The majority of his test questions are lifted straight from the homework/special problems.  TLDR he's ight
5.0 : Class was fun and interactive. He's really nice, so don't be afraid to ask him to explain something if you don't understand it. Tests were pretty easy. Homework was reading, and then some projects, but it wasn't really difficult. I learned a lot from him! It helps if you enjoy the subject material.
5.0 : Prof. Martin is the best professor I have had so far at this school. His lectures are incredibly hilarious and he explains concepts in a very simple way. His course is a really easy A, he bases his grade on four exams, but each exam is online and is open book/note. He is a nice guy, and if you show up to class he gives bonus points as clicker q's.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. His lectures were more like a conversation, never boring. He's hilarious and extremely intelligent and knowledgable. He's a bit of a tough grader, but it's not that bad. There were some fun activities as well. I would take all of the classes he teaches if I could.
4.0 : Very funny guy, great sense of humor. Doesn't care if you come to class or are on your phone, just make sure you read your book for the weekly chapter quizzes.
5.0 : Professor Ketcherside loves politics and history.  He is not necessarily a tough grader but he tells you how it is.  He lays out what he expects and he will give you the grade that you work for.  He is a very good lecturer and can get everyone into the conversation.  He also always makes you think.  He is a great professor!!!
4.0 : The class content was boring, but Gosnell's very dry humor redeemed it a bit. Explained the content very well, homework was not very hard. He was very helpful with test preparations as well.
5.0 : He is super awesome. 1570 can be hard if you have never programmed before, but it's not too bad. 1200 content was super boring, but he made it tolerable. He is really easy going and will go out of his way to help how he can. Probably my favorite professor I have had to date. I was very happy that I got him again this semester for 3800
4.0 : Although attendance isn't required it will help you learn the material better. Gives a good outline of what is going to be on the tests. Compared to the other teachers offering this class, he was definitely the clear choice.
5.0 : Very good at teaching the material. Provides lots of examples and explains things more and in different ways if necessary. Good at answering questions. Too bad she was only our substitute teacher for half of the class, as she was much better than our primary instructor.
5.0 : Really great class. Well presented. Easy to understand. Has a sense of humor. Cares about the class. Easy tests.
5.0 : Funny and knows a lot about technical communications. My resume is way better now.
4.0 : The guy has an accent, but not hard to understand.  You can tell he's really into the material, and sometimes during class he'll lead you down an incorrect path, ask if it's right, then shout "NO!" and show where it went wrong so you can recognize it later.  A solid teacher who is more than willing to work outside of class with you. Don't worry!
3.0 : She taught Intro to Engineering design my year. Attendance is kinda important, since she uses clicker questions as part of your grade. A guy in my group didn't show up to class much but still got an A. This class is pretty easy, as long as everyone does their part on the team. Easy A, no tests, and your project doesn't have to work properly.
4.0 : Dr. Schmidt has very well structured lectures and projects for the groups. The class accomplishes its goal of introducing engineering design procedures and techniques. Dr. Schmidt herself can have super-faced paced lectures, as she talks very fast. Can make the lecture very monotone.
5.0 : Very nice and helpful! Very accessible outside class and easy on grades which is nice. Could make lectures a bit more exciting, but overall she's excellent.
4.0 : Dr. Fu is a highly motivated prof, he likes to teach students more than the syllabus. He takes lots of time to prepare quality assignments which are intense but one can learn a lot by solving them. He is easy to approach and explains our questions in-depth. The only problem is that sometimes he goes at a fast pace and it may get hard to follow him.
5.0 : Mrs. Sexton is the best math teacher I have ever had. I have struggled my whole life with math, but she made things so much easier and she always explains things perfectly. She is caring and always there if you have any questions.
5.0 : I didn't rate this class as a 4 on the hardness scale because of Dr. T. The material is just completely new and challenging. Dr T. is a very good professor and truly cares about her students. If you have a chance to take her you definitely should. She writes all of her notes on slides and posts them online. Attendance is very important.
5.0 : Show up to class, do the homework(it took me probs 20 min a week), and review right before the tests and you'll be fine. The lectures can get a bit boring, but what can you expect from a 3 credit hour class- however some of the more interesting topics are fun (architecture, photo, learning to draw&amp;ancient art) . We usually stay for under 2.5 hrs.
5.0 : Professor Hu is enthusiastic and teaches at a fast pace.  He is very open to questions and usually answers them fully.  He reviews relevant material at the beginning of every class.  He is willing to look over your tests and homework with you and give points back if the grading was unfair.  For a first year teacher, he does a really good job.
4.0 : The lectures can be a bit long; he talks the entire 50 minutes, but it is interesting if you listen. He knows his stuff. Everything was heavily based on the book. It wasn't easy, but it definitely wasn't hard. He gives random quizzes so go to class. The filed trip was extremely fun.
4.0 : I really enjoyed Vandikes class. He's very nice and really wants everyone to do well. As long as you keep up with reading and attend class (so you don't miss a quiz) there should be no reason to not earn an A. He does put bonus questions on all the test and the final which is super helpful.
1.0 : Be prepared to spend a lot of time learning theory and being tested on how well you know equations. Take DSP with Kosbar, he covers theory and how to apply it.   Knowing the math is alright until someone does, in 3 minutes using MATLAB, what took me 4 hours on paper.  Lazy teaching style as well.  I feel like I wasted my time and money.
5.0 : This class was fantastic.  The professor was knowlagable and communicated the math behind the theory just fine. He Deeply cared about the students. I have learned a lot of stuff from him.
5.0 : This course was awesome. The effect of the uncertainty on the control systems is covered completely. Moreover, designing the robust controllers for many practical applications presented. This course is useful for all engineering fields such as mechanical, computer and chemical.
5.0 : If you are lazy, don't take his classes. But if you want to become a good engineer, this is what you need. He teaches very well and I learned a lot in his classes. He know a lot of control and knows any questions that we ask. He does not waste time or joke about the topics. He takes teaching very seriously.
5.0 : Peacher was my favorite teacher.
5.0 : Dr. Ryan is pretty interesting, he talks a lot about his experiences in industry, random stories, and mix in some dad jokes. The class is pretty straight forward, not exactly easy but an A is very much possible. While not required, it's smart to go to class and use the book. Homework is done in groups. Lots of differential equations and LaPlace.
5.0 : This professor is different to most professors at S&amp;T in that he truly cares about the students understanding of his lectures. He is always ready even excited to answer questions during his office hours. I would say if anything he is too easy of a grader I am not use to such high averages on tests in Engineering classes.
4.0 : Always builds up from the fundamentals.
5.0 : Teaches both theory and practice, with an emphasis on giving students the intuition for electrical engineering instead of just a table of formulas to memorize. LEAD sections were optional, but always worth it.
5.0 : The homework takes a lot of time unless you know what you are doing. The homework prepares you well for tests. When you put in the time you will get a lot out of this class. The book does help in understanding the material. He is a great teacher and I hope to take another class from him later on.
5.0 : She is really helpful and makes everything easy and understandable
5.0 : He's comfortable telling the class what information he's teaching will be on the test and what is for our benefit. He's really detailed and totally okay with explaining a confusing concept more than once. He also likes puns. And he has a nice accent.
5.0 : Dr. Taylor did a great job with our Data Structures class. Even though the material is hard to grasp for most, he was very generous and listened to students when there was a problem, and put a lot of effort into making the material/quizzes/assignments understandable for everyone. Wonderful teacher! Listens to students, would definitely take again.
2.0 : Dr. Taylor is a nice guy and knows his stuff, but students should be warned of his behavior. After finals week, he CHANGED existing grades to 0's, accusing students of cheating due to having similar pieces of code and for using online resources for quizzes. He prevented people that didn't cheat from graduating. He purposely waited for max damage.
5.0 : Dr. Reed is probably my favorite professor I have had at S&amp;T. Incredibly intelligent and his lectures are very enlightening. Encourages you to think for yourself and separate yourself from your preconceptions of topics and evaluate them on their merit alone. Super nice guy and if you do the work (It is a lot of reading) you'll for sure get an A.
