5.0 : Professor Duane is a great professor. He makes the subject matter interesting. His classes really helped prepare me for the bar. He cares about his students. He teaches in a way that really helps his students to retain the information.
4.5 : Absolutely wonderful professor. I feel blessed to have learned from him. He will inspire you, make you laugh and teach you above and beyond. I can't wait to take another class with him.
4.5 : Most intelligent man I have ever met.
4.5 : Duane is brilliant.
5.0 : Dr. Roberts is a Professor who really cares about his students and invests heavily in their education.  Every Lecture and assignment that he gave was dedicated to bettering our understanding of the topic.
4.0 : His grading standard is near "perfect". Minor breakdowns in logic, even if the legal elements are there for "adverse possession" and youre praying for a C. Sequential logic/facts must appeal to how he would write the answer. Few can do this So 1/4 will receive a C-/D-. Strong explainer, fair-minded, practice IRAC 100x prior to exam.
4.5 : Wonderful man of God. Made a tough class tolerable. Very easy to speak to as well.
5.0 : IMO Prof. Degroff was the best in my 1L year. His exam is difficult but the curve helps. My tips: GO TO EVERY CLASS! You will not pass if you miss more than a couple of classes, trust me I've seen it. Volunteer in class because you can get up to 5 extra points on your final grade. Also, go to office hours if you don't understand and he will help!
4.5 : Just an all around great guy.  He made property interesting.  He turned a very complex subject matter into something very digestible.  He will repeat concepts, ad nauseum if need be, until you understand.  Did I mention how hilarious this guy is?
5.0 : One of my favorite professors as Regent. Made contracts interesting.
4.0 : Professor Boland is great! This class is super easy. The only negative I can think of is that he does not give good enough feedback on the assignments when he grades them. It would be nice to know where you must improve. Definitely take him if you can!
4.0 : Pros: You will actually learn a useful skill with IRAC/IRAAC in his course.  Email him before a due date and ask for a sample of what he considers an "A".   Cons: Disorganized materials, there is lots of back and forth between sections - a warning to the Type A or OCD personality types - IT WILL DRIVE YOU CRAZY. Tough grader - in his own words
5.0 : IMO, (and esp. after talking to students from other professor's classes) Professor Boland is the best LARW professor at Regent. Go to every class, because he will give hints in his lectures. Make appointments and go to his office hours (trust me this is so important!). He is not allowed to read your draft but ask ?'s and he can be very helpful.
5.0 : Professor Boland is probably one of the easiest professors I have ever had in my academic career. He does not grade strictly at all, and the discussion boards and other assignments are all super easy. However, he does not give good feedback at all. I would definitely recommend taking him. You will not regret it.
5.0 : He is a great professor. He makes learning fun, and he really cares about his students. He is humble and down to earth. He gives great feedback on assignments. I would definitely recommend taking at least one class while in law school from him.
5.0 : Prof. Madison was a favorite. He is a real person and a brilliant attorney who shares his passion for learning with real life legal experience. He looks beyond the grades to remind students that being a good lawyer is more than just being able to argue well.  A great example and excellent teacher!
4.0 : Professor Madison makes civ pro fun and is passionate about helping students do well.
5.0 : Dean Brauch was the most inspirational professor I have ever had. He makes every class that he teaches the most fascinating subject matter. He respects his students and his students in return respect him. He is a gentle, yet strong leader. I cannot help but say good things about Dean Brauch. He makes Regent Law great.
5.0 : Dean Brauch is one of the best people I have ever met in my life. I cannot emphasize enough how wonderful he is. Take him.
5.0 : excellent prof. take his classes
5.0 : Best prof in the School of Ed.
5.0 : Dr. Henderson is my mentor and I love him. He's an amazing professor and though I'm not a Biblical studies major, I've still taken his courses. Highly recommended. He's also easy compared to other majors, but since the Biblical studies major as a whole is easy grade wise you do actually have to do the work to get an A.
5.0 : Very fun class, he really knows the material and seems to really love teaching. I enjoyed the class. We do use the text books a lot so don't bother trying to share with someone.
5.0 : I loved learning from Dr. Henderson!!!! Best class yet!
5.0 : Professor Nugara is  extremely kind and helpful. Two out of the three textbooks were challenging and quizzes/exams difficult. However, he did everything possible to facilitate success. He was fair grading  the short two papers and discussion posts. I followed  rubrics closely and got all 100s. He answers email quickly and wants students to do well.
5.0 : Love Dr. K. He really cares about his students and about the work. He can be a bit long winded... well, a Lot long winded but he knows what he's talking about. Although prepare for class (especially hands on like combat or directing) to go way over on time. Also, is always behind on grading so due dates are more like suggestions...
2.5 : there's a quiz every week including 2-3  homework assignments  for this class. Also, when taking the quiz you're given approx. 1.5 hours  to answer 50-60 questions and for every minute that you go over the time limit he will take off 5 points. This class is really a DIY
3.0 : There's a lot of independent study that culminates in an annotated bibliography. This is great if you are motivated because you can choose one disorder to focus on. You will read around 17 books/academic journal articles for the class. Follow the discussion board post criteria to the letter.
4.0 : She was compassionate and patient when my textbook decided it was going to arrive late. She worked with me to get my first assignment in despite the late book. She encourages interactions through discussion boards and gives feedback on assignments so you are not left in the dark if something is incorrect.
5.0 : Allows latitude with volume requirements in discussion boards and assignments. Timely responses to any inquiries in or out of class. Very caring and respectful to all students and their opinions. Excellent credentials for this course.
5.0 : She is an awesome and helpful instructor, even outside of the classroom. There is a lot of busy work, but if you do the work you will get a good grade. She is inspirational and a joy to experience. I would retake her class in a minute.
4.0 : Class was spent going over ethical examples that were helpful, but did not mirror what represented on final exam.  If taking this class, make sure you study the rules themselves and MPRE text questions.  Class discussion at times dragged on as well.
5.0 : Professor Gantt is very thorough, fair, and helpful.
5.0 : He is extremely knowledgeable and makes himself available to students who have questions.  He truly wants everyone to succeed.  He does use the socratic method more than most, but if you are prepared it is not difficult.  His exams will take you the entire time, but they are straightforward.  He usually doesn't release grades until the deadline.
4.5 : This class is just coming to an end now. My first one in the HSC program. I enjoyed the content, the assignments, and the instructor. Dr. Trout offers to talk with students individually any time in addition to having class group chats. Many of us felt like maybe this program is too much at this time but she encourages and helped me plan my steps.
5.0 : Amy is awesome. I love taking her courses. Never had a problem or concern that she didnt address.
4.0 : This course challenged me as I had no prior knowledge of intelligence studies. You have to put in a lot of time and effort to do well. Unfortunately, her grading was a bit unfair, unclear, and inconsistent for this course. Although I respect Professor Manjikian, I would not take this particular course again!
5.0 : She's a great person, most of Regent's professors are. But she is incredibly kind and understanding. Several people in our class had health issues, she was incredibly accommodating. You do need to read, but they are interesting and relevant. Everything is essay based, but she is very very clear about her expectation and grading criteria.
5.0 : Dr. Manjikian's GOV 677 is very straight forward.  Just simply follow her assignment directions to a "T" and you'll be all set.   I wish more classes were like this one!
5.0 : Never do this kind of thing but I wanted  to express how amazing Dr. Chalfin's class was.  Took her modular last semester and I've never experienced anything like it.  Best class ever taken.  I had a hard semester and it meant a lot to know she cared about me as a brother in the Lord, not just another student.  Please teach more classes!!
4.0 : She cares a lot about the material and her passion shows through during her videos and course content.  There are small groups assigned on a weekly basis; make sure your group has their meeting times and group leader assigned ASAP or else you won't be able to pass.
5.0 : You will learn from a professor who actually cares about his student's learning experience.
5.0 : Dr. Reese is very insightful and knows the Counseling and Psychology profession.  I could not get enough of his teachings and real life experiences as a professional.  He is really an excellent instructor.
3.5 : The grading requirements were different depending on where you looked in the material, the due dates were unclear, and the whole class just felt pre-packaged. Finley tried to help though. He allowed as much grace as possible with grading and due dates, so it was a fairly relaxed class.
5.0 : Transformation leadership principals and very practical! Literally enhanced my life...a life long mentor.
5.0 : This is the best professor at Regent University. If you are attending this school, the only way to get your moneys worth is to have at least 1 course with Dr. Bekker. He will teach you more about God than you ever thought possible. I highly recommend Psalms with him. Pauline Literature and New Testament were also great! He stops class to pray. A++
5.0 : Dr. Bekker will change your life with every conversation. If you have the chance please do yourself a favor and take his class.
5.0 : Great teacher who is really knowledgeable and is deeply committed to what he teaches. He cares that you are understanding what he says.
5.0 : This is the best professor at Regent University. He will change your life spiritually and inspire you to live out your dreams. You will also learn more about the Bible than you ever have before. He is knowledgeable hilarious and well-spoken. His south-African accent is also awesome. Take his class. He is a VERY fair grader. Averaging A- .
5.0 : Dr. Bekker is professional, extremely knowedegable, and great public speaker. Combine those three virtues (not easily found in academia), and you have a rare and distinct combination that make for a great professor and lecturer.  You will learn much, but more importantly, Dr. Bekker will help you to synthesize your knowledge.
2.5 : Dr. Ayee is a nice professor, and I think she would do better teaching higher level courses. She is very stern and can be sarcastic at times. "Quizzes" are more like tests--50 questions and 3 papers which are not hard because she gives clear guidelines for what she expects. I do not think I would take her again though. I took her at ODU not Regent
3.0 : Dr. Joy is gracious with due dates and mid-term was open book. All the tests and quizzes were of the multiple choice, 5-question kind. The textbook was helpful, and there was an entire chapter on communication anxiety. Lectures are short and entertaining with lots of examples of speeches. If you are nervous about public speaking, this is will help!
5.0 : Professor Rickards is fun and very creative when she teaches. Her class discussion are great! She is not too easy that she gives you the grade but she is fair. If you do the work you will get a good grade. She does not grade obsessively harsh like the other professors. I absolutely love her so much, she has a sweet personality and she is so caring.
5.0 : Awesome Professor and class.  Her responses to the dialogs were immediate and she encouraged discussion amongst the class members.  She was understanding when I fell behind on week.  She wants her students to succeed and do their best.  I would take another class she taught.  Christian spirit with her teaching and how she dealt with the students.
5.0 : He is a great professor. His assignments are easy to understand and he makes it very clear what he wants. Additionally, he has fun assignments. Going into this class I was not expecting to enjoy it (it is a core course so no way out) but I ended up having a lot of fun.
4.5 : 4 papers due in 8  week course, Read 2 chapters a week,  D.B. post and 2 response, weekly open book quiz's (8)  Watch the wording in the quiz's. I've caught several mistakes and if, you catch the mistakes he will go over it and give the credit for a tricky question. Takes his sweet time responding, but, a fair, pleasant and honest Dr. who cares.
4.0 : Nice teacher she engaged with the class
5.0 : Dr. Clements is an excellent professor. Her passion for the subject matter and her communication ability makes class discussion so much fun. Time flies in class because of her gift and ability to analyze and explain the text AND because of how she helps us students to do the same.
3.0 : The main textbook was necessary, but I wished I would have skipped the other books.  I recommend buying the Zondervan laminated tri-fold study guide which helped me prepare for exams. There was conflicting info in the syllabus which might be a source of frustration if you're somebody who likes to plan ahead. Prof answered emails promptly.
5.0 : Professor Thangamani's class was truly inspirational. He always provided a welcoming atmosphere to learn and excel. I thoroughly enjoyed his class and would highly recommend taking another one that he teaches. I know that I will be taking his New Testament class coming in the spring. He just has that passion to teach and it rubs off on his students
5.0 : Professor Thangamani was the best professor ever. He made our class see the scriptures in the Bible that you do not normally read in a new way. And I realized that the Old Testament is actually pretty interesting.
5.0 : Mr. Thangamani is unlike any professor I've had.
5.0 : Dr Thangamani is a great instructor.  I love the way he teaches for his students to comprehend and learn.  Two thumbs up!!!
4.5 : I absolutely love this class. Dr. Thangamani is very knowledgeable on every aspect and really puts things into perspective. The tests are difficult but he provides study guides that help tremendously helpful. He is also very willing to work with his students.
5.0 : Professor Blisson's class was a blessing to be in. He is one of the most real, honest, and caring individual's you will meet.  His caring goes beyond the schoolwork, and wants his students to succeed in whatever they end up doing. Blisson is full of incredible stories and experiences, mixing knowledge AND experience in the classroom. Great man!
5.0 : Always there to help when needed. Gave fun stories to tell to make the subject more fun. He was nice and highly respectful. Even if he was going through personal problems, he never once dropped his smile. He was very passionate during his lectures. I hope for the best for his medical issues.
5.0 : I really enjoyed being in Professor Blisson's Survey of the Old Testament class. I learned so much that I never knew about the prophets, kings, other people, nations, and important events of the OT. Professor Blisson really takes the time to go into detail and explain the events in chronological order. He is also very passionate about teaching!
5.0 : I enjoyed the teaching style of Dr. Blisson. The Survey Old Testament class was very informative and difficult (especially trying to remember Kings). He takes his time to explain the background, history, and context. He's very detailed oriented and organized. While taking his class he was very encouraging.
5.0 : Dr. Blisson was an outstanding Professor in the New Testament Studies class. I enjoyed learning what is the New Testament, New Testament geography, historical background and cultural background. He is a professor who can make the content interesting as well as easy to understand.
5.0 : The professor made the class fun!
4.5 : Wonderful professor. Gives out cell number and truly cares for his students. Incredibly passionate about what he does and uses his life experiences along with textbook to make material more applicable. Would love to take from him again.
5.0 : Dr. Blisson cares so much about his students. If you try even a little he will do everything within his power to make you the best you can be. You end up wanting to do good just because you know he cares.
5.0 : Thangamani is probably the best college professor I have had. I took his OT course, and although it was very challenging, it was worth having him as the Professor. He does require you to do the assigned work and his quizzes are in class. DO NOT miss a quiz! Overall fantastic prof. Loved him so much I made sure to take his NT course as well.
2.0 : Failed to keep up with grading as required by syllabus. The lack of discipline in this regard resulted in a loss of coherent consideration of class objectives. Not proficient in educating via electronic means.
5.0 : Great class taught by an awesome professor who was available to answer questions by phone. He was very knowledgeable about the content and knew the textbooks well. He was helpful when needed to clarify doubts about assignments and graded fairly. My second online course with the same professor and will gladly take a course by this professor again.
2.0 : While I enjoyed Prof. Thangamani's personality and flexibility his course could definitely improve. Several class periods were spent only talking about the final project requirements and the discussion often wandered. He did not get into much detail, but I can only hope that it was because of our overall class level and not neglect.
5.0 : An amazing professor who does not set the bar low. Do not come to these classes expecting easiness- he expects a standard from his students that shows the respect and care he truly has for them. Though his class is difficult, he is always willing and available to help you reach the bar he sets. Taking one of his classes is a must!
4.5 : Dr. Wood was very helpful throughout the semester. Any time a question was raised, he would do his best to answer it quickly. I had a technological issue at one point that could have cost me a large chunk of my grade, but I emailed him and explained the situation and he worked with me to get the result I wanted! Thanks Dr. Wood!
5.0 : Dr.  Wood is awesome.  He is by far my favorite professor.  He is very inspirational.  His class was tough, but I would definitely take classes from him again if given the opportunity!
5.0 : Dr. Wood is seriously my favorite professor at Regent!  He really is inspirational.  He also has a really nice email blog that I enjoy reading.  I wish all of my professors were like him!
4.0 : This was a good class.  Nothing too horrible.  The class was not super easy, but it was not that difficult, either.  Dr. Martini is a great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Martini Is an awesome instructor, he grades fairly and gives you time to get assignment done. Participation is a must and responding to post on time is a must. The post are  400 words and response also so get ready to talk.  Their will be a paper that you would write some 5 pages and others 10 pages. You'll have 4 quizzes multiple choice easy.
5.0 : Very helpful professor &amp; currently in her class. Stay on top of things and you will do well. I would take from her again. I do not say this often. She's always checking over homework and quizzes for errors. Ask for credit for a computer problemambiguous question and she will give it to you. Responds quickly to emails. Considerate, and I like her.
5.0 : Misses Gomez is a very organized teacher. I took her during an 8 week session and had no issues. As long as you do the weekly HW, every other week quiz, and the 2 tests you are good to go. You don't need the physical book because there is an E book that comes with the online class. Good look and choose Gomez.
5.0 : In this course, you will use StatLab which includes your book so you don't need the physical book. Everything is grades through StatLab. Instructor will answer your questions within 24 hours of you sending her an email. She was great.
4.5 : I slacked in this class and got the lowest grade I've ever received: a 92. She doesn't give many assignments, but the one she does give can require a significant amount of work (annotative bibliography uggghh). She is still pretty easy to get an A in, especially compared to other Regent professors I've had.
5.0 : Super helpful and kind. She sent out plenty of helpful hints for our papers, and sent back constructive criticism. I would highly recommend her.
5.0 : Professor Kohns is an awesome arts professor. I had her online class and I'm used to professors being rather distant in these classes. But her announcements each were so encouraging and she always left us with a Bible verse to inspire us and get us going during the week. Super easy grader and very chill.
2.5 : He was nice, but his grading &amp; teaching was awful. I learned nothing from this class. He constantly contradicted himself on MLA formatting. If he pointed out a problem in your work he would not tell you how to fix it, just said "fragment" or "awkward." He graded really late, so you wouldn't get your rough draft back til the final was due that day.
5.0 : Very nice guy. Super easy-going and laid back, and works really well with you if you keep in good communication with him. He does occasional collaborations where you get to discuss any questions, topics, or concerns, and he has a good sense of humor.  I learned a lot of from the class, and he's not a harsh grader if you really put in the effort.
5.0 : Hale is awesome. Very easy-going and chill. Lenient on extensions if you keep him in the loop. He isn't very prompt on grading, but at least he grades accurately. There's A LOT of reading material, so the books matter, but they're interesting! Overall, I felt like I learned a lot, and I would take him again.
5.0 : Awesome instructor all around. He was there if you needed him. Pretty basic course. Read, do weekly quizzes, discussion boards, turn in two 4-5 page essays. He's not hard on grading essays... Gives excellent feedback on errors.
5.0 : Great professor! I stopped participating in his class due to personal issues and my final grade was a C-. Not the best grade, but to have missed 5 days and a few assignments, I would say he cut me some slack! Also, he is sarcastic, but in a good way :)
5.0 : Best prof. ever! Extremely intelligent, great sense of humor, fair grader, clear about assignments, and just over all cool.
5.0 : Peggy is a helpful and clear professor. She will answer your questions even outside of class and she is always there to help you do the best you can and she is very encouraging. She is one of the professors that is a good contact to have during and after college.
4.0 : The semester began with a bunch of lectures, but once that was over the class was fantastic. Peggy believes in learning animation by doing, so prepare for baptism by fire at the end of the semester. It was definitely worth it; I learned far more from this class than most of my others. You're graded on your work, not book knowledge.
5.0 : I will truly miss Professor Southerland. One of a kind Professor. Caring, lots of patience, and pushes you to be the best.
2.0 : All you'll do in this class is watch YouTube tutorials and teach yourself how to animate in After Effects. Don't expect to learn anything useful.
5.0 : This course is difficult but Dr. Chupp is clear and organised in his expectations! He is a true Man of God and is very caring about his students, he has no Ego! (Rare in the Government department). He is a difficult but fair grader, you get what you put in! His feedback is very helpful! Regent needs more Professor's like Dr. Chupp!
5.0 : Dr. Chupp is Regent's finest! He respects his students! He is clear on what he expects and gives great feedback!
5.0 : You get what you put into this course. Expect to do a lot of research-that's what you put into the course. You will learn a lot due to your research; and you will do a lot of research because you will NEED that research to do the tremendous amount of writing required in this course. I enjoyed it. Highly recommend Dr. Chupp.
5.0 : You will work hard in this class, but it will be worth it. I have learned more from Dr. Chupp than any other Instructor. He cares about his students! He is rare and awesome!
4.5 : This professor is AWESOME He is a great man of God and the easiest grader in the entire government department. I have taken three classes with him and I LOVE him. He is lenient and understanding with late assignments even in an online 8 week environment. A true rarity. I have an A in all of his classes because he''s so clear. Always answers email.
5.0 : You will learn a lot from this Professor. He is very fair and clear on what he expects. He is one of the best professors I have ever taken a class from. You will put a lot of work into this class but it will be worth it because you will learn a lot. Regent University needs more professors like him!
4.0 : A lot of reading but is very helpful if you need it.
5.0 : He is a great professor. He really knows what he is talking about and is passionate about it. If you aren't a history buff the class can get boring at times but he tends to be engaging. This is definitely a class you have to read and work hard in but it isn't too much. I would definitely recommend taking his class.
5.0 : He is really funny and just an overall great guy. While he can be a tough grader, he always pushes you to do your very best, while at the same time making class interesting.
5.0 : I do not enjoy history, but I loved his class! He is engaging and entertaining. He challenges students to think harder. He is not your typical history class with dates and events. He presents the material to make students evaluate it on a deeper level. Reading and taking notes are a MUST, because the tests/quizzes are based on lecture and book.
4.5 : Dr. McMullen is an amazing teacher. He really cares about his students and takes the time to know their names. His teaching technique is unique and engaging. He is not boring whatsoever but has us interact with each other and him. Not to mention he is extremely attractive!!
5.0 : I really enjoyed Dr. McMullen's class. I took his Western Civilization class as a general education requirement. It was not a typical lecture style class, it was seminar format. There was a lot of group activities and discussions that made the class fun. Class participation graded. Very accessible. Great sense of humor. Recommend his class.
5.0 : Very cool professor. Keeps you awake. Makes you think harder. Challenging and engaging.
4.0 : This class requires only two essays. It is alot of reading however, she cut the pages down so you don't have to read all of it. She use alot of powerpoint and whiteboard to help with test and quiz. Mid term and Final is essay questions.
5.0 : Donnie Staggs is an amazing teacher. He's clear, funny, and interesting. Any student would be lucky to have him.
5.0 : Professor Staggs is a very unique professor. He knows about all sorts of subjects, and he's very willing to help students when they ask. His quizzes are tough, but he's mostly looking for critical thinking skills. Don't be lazy in your papers, because he will call you out.
4.5 : He may seem intimidating be he knows his stuff. He is very helpful if you just ask. Take advantage of his intelligence ask questions. I definitely felt he genuinely wanted his students to not only excel in the course, but also see the importance of the info presented. His grading style is a little funky. he WILL help you, just ask.
4.5 : Staggs forces you to think. His quizzes are tough, but are based on critical reading and understanding the material. He's super helpful and is willing to do almost anything to help you understand the material. You use all textbooks except St. Martin's (don't buy).
3.0 : Grading criteria is unclear.  Praises the class for "writing much better" and nit picks about things in a very (once again) unclear manner.
4.0 : He cares about you learning the material, and loves it when you email and asks questions. His quizzes are tough but manageable. He is super funny and very intelligent. Sad he is leaving.
1.5 : While he's a good lecturer and can be funny, think more of an uncaring, snarky boss kind of way. His grading is tough, but his reasons for the grade are very unclear. This semester I had 11 big assignments that he didn't grade until a month later. 2 weeks after finals. This included assign. that majorly built off of each other, and were from wk 3.
4.5 : He made criminal justice class interesting. He has experience as a state trooper and he really cares about his students. I am looking forward to having him for my next course.
5.0 : Great professor in every aspect of his teaching. Genuinely cares about his students and lectures. Coursework is challenging, hard work and application is necessary to pass. Overall, A+
4.0 : Great teacher as long as you do the work
5.0 : He cares about his students, responds swiftly to e-mails, and will hear out questions and concerns. He is highly experienced in the field and conveys the material in a clear and understandable manner. Participation is important, and he will at times call on students to answer questions pertaining to the material he is presenting.
5.0 : Will work with you to get you a good grade. Great in class film discussions.
4.0 : Great Professor, truly communicating and turning in assignments is key! he does grade by rubric so make sure your giving him what he request of you. always ask questions. Quizzes are fairly easy multiple choice. Always inform him if your late or cant turn in assignments on time. Give this professor a try. He wont let you down. Good professor overal
4.0 : Excellent textbook and online learning tools for this class. The amount of work was manageable. Professor Solomon graded fairly and promptly, and was responsive to emails. I would definitely take his classes again.
3.0 : Presents content very methodically. Unfortunately, the lectures can sometimes be slow. Everything is well organized and presented in a powerpoint, but some depth is lost because of this. Our class thrived when he facilitated discussions instead of re-iterated the textbook. Quiz questions are straight from the book. Grading rubric is clear.
4.0 : Professor Palser was an excellent teacher for my theology classes. He was extremely knowledgeable on the subject matter and very helpful with questions.
5.0 : I love Prof. Hester, she is an amazing, caring person. I took her online class True, Good and Beautiful and really enjoyed the class discussions. She values your opinion and want to know what you think not what the book says. Their is a lot of reading due to the fact that it was an 8 week course but besides that everything was great.  TAKE HER!!!
5.0 : I loved taking GENE 150 with Ms. Hester. She sets her students up for success every week and genuinely cares about each one. I learned a lot in this course! Taker her class - you'll be glad you did!
1.0 : Honestly, this is a horrible class and instructor.  His lectures are unorganized and he can be rude and condecending to students to ask for help.  His tests were excessively difficult and did not cover material covered in class and on the syllabus.  This was the worst class I have taken so far in law school, and it felt like a high school class.
5.0 : Great class.  Professor is engaging. This class should be required before taking other courses.
5.0 : DO IT.
4.5 : Mr. Elam will really push you to become a better writer. I received almost an A+ in his class, but only after devoting a lot of time to my essays. Make sure to do a little reading AND speak up about it in class, because if he senses that the class isn't doing the reading, he'll make reading quizzes which no one likes. Overall, wonderful class.
5.0 : Best Professor ever. I love him. He is probably one of the best teachers I have come across.
4.0 : Hard grader. Open minded. Humble. Shows Christian characteristics. Great professor. Hot.
5.0 : He is one of the most inspirational professors I have had at Regent. He genuinely cares about the success of his students and goes in depth about the topics. He doesn't bs about christian worldviews and is willing to hear all opinion. Great class discussion.
5.0 : Dr. Elam is one of the best English professors I have ever had. He treats his students with respect and kindness and acknowledges different viewpoints on literary matters. He gives students ample time to talk while still carrying most of the lecture - it's a nice balance.
5.0 : I had her as an online professor. She was very accessible and willing to help out, either over the phone or email. She is very prompt with her replies and grading. Additionally, she herself participated in the Group Discussions.  I would definitely recommend her. NOTE: Regent now has a late policy: a loss of 5 points per day past the due date.
5.0 : He's so funny and amazing. He knows how to balance Christian character with lighthearted joking and sarcasm. He's the least bigoted professor at Regent and you'll love him.
5.0 : Dr. Hankle is a role model professor, he is helpful, clear, knowledgable, accessable, available for questions and concerns, gives excellent lectures, grades fairly with clear criteria. His class doesn't bore you because he's got a personality and doesn't just monotone powerpoint teach you.
5.0 : Hankle is great.
5.0 : seriously one of the best teachers i have ever had, in any department. hands down. wish i could choose more than 3 positive descriptions of him. yes i said he was hot and he is like 50. Girls, if you like guys who are smart and have excellent personalities then you will see what i mean! I wish he could be my teacher for every class!
3.5 : Professor Wilson is a great teacher. He expects you to work hard, but he is a fair grader, and really nice. I would take another class from him!
4.5 : Dr. Choi is a great teacher! He's also a really easy grader. As long as the work is complete, you'll most likely get a 100. He's fun in class, but watch out -- He loves talking about Korea and drawing korean symbols on the board!
4.5 : He is a very good Professor, humorous and caring for the well-being of the students.  He loves to see the student getting to understand information technology. Very Good Professor hope for others to be like him.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR EVER!! And she's super cute!
5.0 : Very good teacher, will recommend this class to anyone. Very understanding and helpful. Takes her time and explain everything and is willing to meet in person if you need assistance. She is a very good Dr.
5.0 : Professor Martin is super friendly, and genuinely cares about his students - a common characteristic among Regent professors.  He is very approachable, and always willing to help you understand assignments better.  Very willing to work with you.  If you actually try, you pass very easily.  Full of a lot of world experience and very knowledgeable.
5.0 : This teacher is awesome
5.0 : Dr. Painter is an amazing professor.  His lectures are interesting and truly eye-opening. He is very clear about his expectations for assignments. Dr. Painter has high standards, but if you follow his instructions, you won't have a problem. In class, make sure you have read the assigned readings and be ready to discuss!
4.5 : Although there is a lot of work for this class, it was easy to understand what Painter expected. He gives specific feedback and explains what you need to improve on your next assignment.  The formatting midterm is not difficult, but he will dock you points for even the littlest mistakes.
4.5 : Mr. Painter is a great professor. He can be a bit tough on the grading but is very clear on what you need to do to get a good grade. He is friendly, understanding, and  considerate. He actually called me just to see if there was anything I needed help with. My interest in professional writing went up.
5.0 : ENGL377 with Dr. Painter was my favorite class so far at Regent. He was encouraging, helpful, and made the topics interesting and engaging. He was always genuinely excited about the material and did his best to make it relate to us.
5.0 : Dr. Painter gives incredible lectures which ensure that you learn something neat every class. He respects well-done work and will give you good pointers on how to improve your writing skills. If you have a chance to take one of his classes, do it! Yes, it will be hard, but it's worth the extra work.c
4.0 : Painter gives great lectures and works to make sure you understand the material. Chronic illness peeps, beware- he only gives on extension per semester and doesn't seem to understand the "chronic" in "chronic illness". While I like him as a human, he wasn't very accommodating. Another spoonie friend had the same problem. Hopefully he improves.
5.0 : Good Professor. Very active in discussion. Understanding and Prompt in responding to questions. AWESOME at giving constructive criticism!!!! Meaning you know exactly where you went wrong and the criticism is highly detailed (without dropping your grade much). Overall great professor!!!!
4.5 : I had absolutely no interest in taking Economics 101 when I signed up for it.  The material provided for class proved to be interesting.  Gary Oster had such an enthusiasm for the material though, that I wanted to learn the subject as well.  I found it much easier than I previously expected.  Such a fun course!
5.0 : One of the best professors I had so far. Very interested lectures and discussions. A lot of interaction. Always ready to help and answer questions. I don't think anyone in my class was unhappy about him.
4.0 : Lannon is pretty merciful when it comes to grading. If you don't like the grade that you got on an assignment, you can always redo it for a better grade. The assignments gradually become harder and more time consuming, but overall he's a fun teacher. Just ask for help and he'll give it to you.
3.5 : I had Tim Lannon his first semester teaching at Regent. He assigned a pencil test a week, which became quite intense towards the end of the semester, so plan your time carefully. He gives re-dos for bad grades and requires some participation. One paper test, open book. Buy Illusion of Life and Richard Williams; you'll live without Heart of Artist.
4.0 : There's a lot of drawing in his 100 class but his lectures are awesome and he's ready to help students that need it.
4.0 : Dr. Fierbaugh managed the online class very well. She gave extra instructions in Blackboard each week to help us stay on track with the course, regularly answered questions and was flexible with assignment details.  Watch your AP style as she will take off points for that, but she is not overly tough. If you do your work well, you'll get an A.
5.0 : Great guy. Very passionate in what he teaches. He is also very understanding and compassionate. Just do the assignments to the best of your ability and you'll pass. High recommend this guy :)
4.5 : He's a good professor and very involved for an online class. But he's not very clear with feedback. It's difficult, but not impossible to get a high grade. He is very knowledgeable about literature and his passion is contagious.
5.0 : Dr. Livingston was such a wonderful professor! So involved, so prompt in grading, and so willing to help out and answer any questions you might have.
5.0 : Professor Roberts made speech, which was daunting and terrifying, a little less daunting and terrifying. She has clear guidelines for each speech, gives you the notes needed to improve, and has a very clear study guide for the one formal exam. She genuinely cares for her students and is always available and willing to help.
4.0 : Dr. Brown was great. There were a few group projects.  The tests were average in difficulty if you study.  He responds to emails and communication within 24 hours.  I wouldn't mind taking another class from him.
5.0 : Dr. Brown is great!  I have taken two classes from him.  My most recent class was Business Finance, and it was probably the hardest class I have taken so far!  The tests are murder.  Seriously.  Dr. Brown is passionate about what he does, and he is a very compassionate and empathetic teacher who really does want to see his students succeed!
5.0 : Dr. Brown is good at what he does, and is involved with his students even in an online class.  This class, International Business, was not overly hard, but it was definitely not easy!  There is a group project.  You know how that can go!
4.0 : Took stats with her. Her grading criteria were strict and clear, but she was pretty lenient on the small stuff. If you have problems she's more than willing to help. She falls behind a week or two on grading, but gives great feedback once she grades your stuff.
5.0 : Professor Peters is a great professor that is very encouraging and inspirational. I would definitely take her class again and I wanted her as a professor again but unfortunately she was only teaching theater classes. But I would most definitely recommend this professor to other students.
4.0 : I had Peters for Public Speaking, and she was fantastic. She gave good feedback on outlines and speeches. She graded the speeches a bit harshly, but the grade is buffed up by outlines, which are insanely easy. She's engaging and willing to find new ways to connect with you. Used textbook for open book midterm, but nothing else.
5.0 : Marji is an excellent professor. I've had her for multiple classes during my years at Regent and she's definitely a favourite. She genuinely cares about each of her students and is always available. She does her best to help you and wants you to succeed. Her classes are hard because she has high expectations for you and knows you can reach them.
4.0 : I really liked Marji. She wasn't a hard professor what so ever. She's pretty lenient on assignments as well. Not too bad to look at either!
4.0 : Brings a great energy to the room, you can tell she is passionate about her subject matter. Quizzes were easy, never even bought a text book.
4.0 : Highly informative
5.0 : There is so much work in this class, but it is a great learning experience that has expanded me already, and I'm not even done with the class yet. Dr. Trout is really available, which is surprising in online study.
4.5 : Dr. Trout helped me in this class because I had many things going on in my life. I talked with her several times and she helped me because she really seemed to care. Though things still got graded down for being late (fair enough)she did show some leniency and I know she wanted me to be able to learn and apply that learning more than anything.
4.0 : No group work here. Your grade is what you put into it, plain and simple. She is wise and works to get each of us to wise up in the things we take for granted or in thoughts and beliefs we have not examined.
5.0 : Really enjoyed this class professor was great. Help med me out
4.5 : Dr. Grabe is an excellent professor. He really cares about you and will do anything to help you learn the material. He is very smart and knows his stuff. Great teacher. He has a accent! not sure where it is from. I will for sure take him again!
5.0 : He is one of my favorite professors. Some of his classes are easier than others. Hermeneutics was a great course -recommend it. The reading is difficult, but he helps you through it. He is extremely understanding and cares for his students. He tends to pick theological themes and stay drive home major concepts. Highly Recommended! loved his courses
4.5 : Dr. Grabe is an exceptional professor. He is an academic without doubt, yet very pastoral in his care for the students. He has been one of my favorite teachers, mainly due to his kindness and patience in teaching style. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Dr. Grabe is a good New Testament professor. I took him for Pauline Theology, and it was a great class. All the reading dealt with text and context, which is great for masters level work. I enjoyed the class and wish I could study more New Testament with him. However, I'm off to Southampton to study philosophy next academic year.
5.0 : Prof. Nisbet is a great professor. I am so glad to have had her for my first graduate class (First &amp; Second Language Acquisition). Her class is not hard for the sake of being hard, but the challenge lies more in what the student wants to get out of the course. Sufficient workload, but still plenty of time to reflect on the readings and assignments.
5.0 : He is very patient and understanding! One of the best teachers I have had thus far!!!!
4.0 : Dr. Glass is not super involved but I am taking an online class. Other than that his expectations are clear, grades fairly, and gives feedback individually and as a whole. Not a bad professor to have teach your class.
5.0 : Dr. Glass is wonderful! Not very picky, see's the good in your D B  post. Gives  lead way to be yourself. Gives 2 choices for  DB POST.  May write from a PSYC or  a biblical point of view. Test are only tough because their from the books publisher.  Multiple choice  &amp; open book 1 paper, 2 Test,  mid &amp; final. Many test Q's about precise statistics.
4.5 : Dr, Ferber was wonderful! Took him online for Gene 100 , He's and easy grader for discussion boards and essays. He is very down to earth, anointed and does not act high and mighty! . Does not allow notes or open book on test, but His comprehension test are general multiple choice and reasonable, so you can pass by memory final exam is essay.
5.0 : Excellent professor who clearly cares about his students and what they are learning. I found it interesting that he was a Geology major as well as a Theology major. Great, multiple perspectives on the course material. Willing to help students and an excellent communicator. He allows you to think and state your own understanding of the subject.
5.0 : A-M-A-Z-I-N-G Professor. Dr. Rob is a top notch instructor who knows his field. He is articulate about communicating the key points of assignments and willing to help his students understand the material. I wish every professor was like him. It is a rigorous course but the depth of information is worth it.
1.0 : I took his online Geography 8-week course and it was awful. There was no feedback whatsoever, he just gave a grade for all the assignments. If I wasn't getting a 100/100, he didn't let me know why. There was a rubric in the syllabus,  but that was it. Not very happy! Definitely not taking him again.
5.0 : Great Professor! He was always responsive and was really helpful and approachable. He gave feedback on my assignments and always tried to help me improve. Don't understand what the previous person is talking about!!!
5.0 : Professor Jones is a great guy. I really enjoyed his collaborate sessions, as they were very informative and interesting. The tests in this class are open book, but they are pretty difficult. Other than the tests, a pretty cut-and-dry course.
5.0 : Awesome Professor.  Helped me graduate! Cares about the students! Loved this class and thankful for this professor!
5.0 : Respected and makes theological concepts understandable and applicable. Sometimes Professor Solomon will get carried away and get loud because he is passionate about what he is teaching. He isn't trying to yell at you. Facilities discussions well and welcomes challenging viewpoints.
5.0 : Professor Solomon is my favorite college professor that I have ever had. He is also a pastor of a church which shows through his lecture style but I love it. He is passionate about what he teaches and is always willing to answer questions. Gives pop quizzes but they are simple. Just a couple of papers and that's it.
5.0 : Professor Solomon is by far the best teacher I've had. He gives everyone an opportunity to write out questions and then actually answers a few of them in class. Not only is he hilarious, but Ive also learned so much from his easy-to-follow lectures. Overall, he is a pretty great professor.
5.0 : Dr Solomon's Christian Ministry class was excellent. I took the class at night and there was less than 10 students in the class. His illustrations and discussions will stay with me for a very long time. He is passionate about God and for future Pastors and leaders of the church. You will be inspired and entertained at the same time. Take his class!
5.0 : Prof. Solomon has been my favorite Professor at Regent. He is a really great guy, and he was willing to work with me on my long daily commute to campus and tardiness. He gives great feedback and his class lectures are good and engaging.
5.0 : Myer is very VERY helpful! She does not leave anyone in the dust, and treats everyone as her own children, meaning that she will encourage you throughout the course as you go. The essay's are very easy, and if you have any trouble, she will take the time to help you. I would highly take advantage of the help that she gives. Amazing teacher overall!
5.0 : She was the best english prof I've ever had
3.5 : She is the sweetest prof ever. She really does care for you and wants to help you. Sometimes class is a little boring but in all, she is a good professor
4.0 : Extremely helpful and knowledgeable
5.0 : One of the Best professors at Regent. I took him for Pastoral Care, Counseling, and Conflict (online). It was one of my favorite classes ever.
5.0 : Great professor. We learned how to conceptually incorporate Jewish feasts/holidays  into our Christian worship services. It was online, but we worked in small groups over the phone. very innovative. It was a fair amount of work, but it was fun (not really overwhelming). I learned a lot. I highly recommend taking his courses!
4.5 : Get ready for 8-page papers and a fast-paced class. Every week there were three 200-300 word essays. The reading isn't extensive, but there's quite a bit. Our midterm and final were a personal narrative and an argumentative paper, but we had 3 weeks to do each (first week proposal was due, second week draft was due, last week essay was due).
5.0 : Professor O' is so nice. No matter what struggles or problems you hit, he is there to help, and he grades super generously. I had cat/goat health problems and he was super understanding! Yes, you have to write a lot, but it's English, after all!! Prof O' is the best RU prof that I've met so far. Just read, write, and have fun. He's awesome.
3.5 : Each week there are two dialogue essays due (200-300 words). Professor O'Donnell responds positively to each essay. The mid-term was a 5-7 page persuasive essay and the final was 7-10 pages. There is recommended reading and required reading assignments, and both overlap with what you read in ENGL101, so the reading's not that intensive.
4.0 : Prof. Miller was pretty laid back, and as long as you're willing to do the work, he's an easy grader.  For this class in particular, there were two major papers due during the last two weeks that about made me pull my hair out. All in all though, he's a kind man and a very decent grader.
5.0 : Professor Hutton is a great professor! I took her for Accounting 2 at Stratford University last quarter.  The great thing about Prof. Hutton is  she lectures in a way that you understand the material better. This is not an easy subject.  If you don't don't do the work, you will not pass.
5.0 : My experience in Accounting classes at Regent have not been favorable until I took this course with this instructor.  She is very nice and willing to help you in any way to see you succeed.  I would love to take more courses taught by her.
4.5 : Gerald Nichter is a seasoned and gifted educator particularly suited for those students who may have some trepidation regarding higher math courses.  Accessible, encouraging, and patient  he is always willing to go the extra mile to meet the academic needs of his students.
5.0 : He gave us his personal phone number and would call us to go over specific questions until we felt good about it. He graded promptly. The discussion post are graded pretty easy as well. If you are worried about passing Algebra, take this professor. He will make sure you get a good grade as long as you communicate. There were no closed book test.
5.0 : If you do it online, he will tutor you over the phone, on Skype, or he will find an empty classroom on campus for a meeting. Professor Nick extends grace for every due date. There are math dialogue posts that will help bring your grade up. Everyone passes the on campus class, the first few minutes of class are spent doing the assigned homework.
5.0 : Professor Nick was very encouraging and cares about his students' success. He makes himself available and encourages lots of questions. I hadn't been in an algebra class in decades, but learned how to divide polynomials! Persevere and you will also pass. Communication is key.
4.0 : Rawlings was very helpful! After the first quiz, he gave us a study guide to help us out and what possible questions would be on the quizzes (which were only 5 questions long) AND on the exams. Absolutely do the readings, because they will help you with the quizzes and the two essays assigned. Overall, amazing teacher!
5.0 : Professor Christian is incredible! He is extremely knowledgeable of both the Scriptures and the course content. Very accessible outside of class and great with communication; expectations are clear from the beginning, and feedback is thorough. On top of all of this, he's hilarious! Do yourself a favor and take any course taught by him!
4.5 : Professor LaFavour is an awesome professor.  She knows the material, is very interactive, and does what she can to help you.  Assignments and grading are fair.  Her classes are not too hard, but they are not easy either.  You rightly have to work for your grade.  Her light humor and involvement in the class make it a great experience.
4.5 : His syllabus and course guidelines are very clear. He is also very quick to respond to questions and emails. He's a very fair grader. If you put in the effort and do the reading, then its an easy class. You can't put anything off until the last minute. He assigns a lot of reading but it is engaging and interesting reading.
4.5 : He is super clear with all of his directions, so you know exactly what to expect. He is also a very prompt grader, so you know how you are doing. That being said he has high expectations because he is so clear. There's a lot of interesting reading, but you have to do it to pass.
5.0 : Professor Pittman, is amazing. He is hard and you read a lot but I learned more in 8 weeks in his class then I ever learned in a semester in undergrad. He gives great feed back on papers. He tells you what you did wrong, how to improve and what you did right. My favorite professor at Regent University. I wish he taught all the education classes.
4.0 : Very relaxed with grading, very hands-off unless you need her, and not likely to make you work. If you pay attention to the textbook, you'll probably get an easy A
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class, she looks to know if your understanding the concept of leadership and  how much you're putting into the Leader you desire to become through your work in discussion. Participation is a much and communication Key. Group assignments she looks for the willingness of reaching out to others being social among your peers. Good Professor. easy to communicate with.
5.0 : Dr. Quarles wants everyone to learn and truly cares about her students. I always could ask questions and get good thorough responses.
4.0 : He's the kind of professor who inspires his students to work hard in the class. There aren't any labs, and he helps students take the secular textbook and examine it through a Christian worldview. He engages in discussion board posts and even quotes students from the class when they write something exceptional. There's a lot of reading.
4.0 : Dr. H kinda of scared me at first because i thought his class was going to be really hard. But, he is a great teacher and is extremely helpful. I learned a lot in both his Cognitive and his Physiological psych courses. would take his classes again.
5.0 : Great professor! He is genuine and is very experienced in his field. He has a way of doing quizzes and exams that often include a lot of group collaboration, but it turns out for the better because it really helps raise quiz scores. Everything on the exams is mostly covered in class lectures, so missing class will hurt. Overall, loved his class!
4.0 : A respectful and knowledgeable  Professor. Clear and concise in all aspects of the course. He cares about the student. The coursework is difficult, you get out what you put in.
5.0 : You will learn a lot from his class. Clear on assignments and a consistent grader. A fine Christian Man as well.
5.0 : Great teacher, focuses on discussing and developing your opinion.  Easy to talk to and always helpful.  Good combination of lecture and dialogue.
4.0 : He was a fair grader and was very helpful during the class. He was flexible when personal stuff came up in my life.
5.0 : He is a great teacher he cares about all of his students and allows us to have a good discussion.  He is an easy grader and gives very good feedback on the papers.
5.0 : Ackerman is a funny professor, and his lectures are pretty interesting. He does tend to go through the slides quite fast, but his quizzes are easy and he always sends the powerpoints over email. He is always open to questions and student comments.   He is definitely a professor I would recommend!
5.0 : Dr. Bocarnea is very helpful, encouraging, and attentive. If you follow the instructions provided in the syllabus and read the assigned texts, there should be no reason for anyone to receive below an A.
5.0 : MOL 607 is a very intense course that deals with technology and how it correlates to spirituality, but Dr. Firestone is always available to assist if clarity is needed. He provides a lot of encouraging words, as well as constructive feedback where necessary. If you read the texts and provide sufficient research for your assignments, you'll be fine.
5.0 : Good at explaining expectations and making things clear that seem ambiguous. Encouraging in his feedback, gave good instruction for improving work, tough but fair grader. Enjoyed his class.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Prof Stone's class. He graded assignments promptly, and provided good useful feedback. I definitely recommend and would take his classes again.
4.0 : This is a professor that cares and will help in any way he can. If you do the work you will make a good grade
4.0 : I had little interest in the subject, he made it somewhat interesting. LOTS of reading in this class. average between 20-30 pages per day. If you skip a class where he gave a pop quiz, he wont let you retake it without a "valid" reason for missing class. No study guides or ANY review for exams. he says that "every class is the study guide"......
5.0 : Dr. Crews was one of the two most inspiring professors I have ever met. His encouragement was influential to both my personal and professional development, and as a sophomore, I still visit him occasionally even though I'm not in his class anymore. He's brilliantly intelligent, but he's also relatable.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : I really like this professor. He goes at a good speed with the material, and he is kind and thoughtful.
4.0 : Young, First year professor. Brings very interesting perspectives that are sometimes lacking at this great school. Also has a few years in transactional practice that gives real-world insight.
5.0 : Great.
4.0 : Hes really nice and understanding
4.0 : I liked this professor for Ethics. He was knowledgable in the topic and kept the room engaged. He was a very slow grader, but extended deadlines because of it. The only grades in the class were from the papers and discussion questions. No tests. There was a group presentation on the last class.
4.0 : Really awesome professor. For being in an online class, he was really great in communicating with his students once, twice, even three times a week to remind us of different assignments. Very willing to help in understanding and clarification for all assignments.
5.0 : Great professor who has had lots of experience. Just so you follow all the guidelines for an assignment and he sees that you put in work you should be able to get a good grade. I highly suggest this professor! He is funny and brings in a lot of great examples of the subject being discussed.
5.0 : I loved his class! Great teacher who really cares about his students! Wish I could take him again.
4.0 : Great Professor very engaging.
5.0 : One of the best professors at Regent University. He creates a very positive learning environment. Learned so much and left inspired.
5.0 : Dr.  McDonnell is GREAT! She is very encouraging and strives to make herself available day and night to answer questions. I often found that if I emailed her a question about a paper close to or after midnight, that she would respond within hours. She goes above and beyond to make sure you have exactly what you need to succeed. TAKE HER CLASS!
5.0 : Professor McDonnell is AWESOME! Her projects are pretty difficult, but she provides good feedback on each assignment so that you can improve on subsequent assignments. The material is somewhat interesting, but you have to force yourself to read it in order to do well on the quizzes and the discussion boards. I would highly recommend her!
5.0 : Professor Jeanne McDonnell opens every class with prayer for her students and their cares. She lectures, but about interesting and topics related to our lessons and current events. You will work, as well as participate, and learn in this class, because you will want to. She is an excellent, knowledgeable, and a professional leader and instructor.
4.0 : The class is formational. If you come into the course willing to be changed and really think through the philosophical ideas, you will get a good grade. Don't get behind on the reading, you will have a hard time getting caught up. The lectures make sense of the course materials and offer application. You will learn how to disagree with classmates.
5.0 : Professor Liggin is a amazing lecturer,  be prepaid to be an active participant in his class.  He will make you work for grade, gives plenty of feedback if there is any confusion or if you are not doing well in any areas.  He wants to make sure that you are thinking and learning.  All in all, wonderful professor.  I definitely recommend his class.
4.0 : Very challenging class. Lots of reading. Assignment requirements not always clear. Had issues with one test (material on test that was not in course materials), but he was very understanding, quick to help, and fair. All in all, a good professor, but a very hard class. Do the readings or you WILL NOT PASS. Beware of essay questions on tests.
4.0 : Professor Hepburn is very articulate and gives her students everything they need to succeed in her class. Very engaging with online students. Extremely easy to reach and always willing to assist students or clarify assignments. Worked hard for my grade, and I would be happy to have her again.
5.0 : Ms. Hepburn was a wonderful teacher and very encouraging! She was very patient and understanding! We did weekly Discussion Boards. There was a 10 question quiz at the end of the week and a research paper I was able to choose the topic for! I enjoyed her class!
5.0 : Informative lectures and awesome professor. Would definitely recommend!
5.0 : Great professor! The course work is hard but he is always available to help you understand it. Really take advantage of his open door policy, you won't regret it.
5.0 : Great professor. Fun in an awkward/mathy way. Teches in depth.
5.0 : Professor Shedd is a very professional and caring professor who gives fair grades and thorough information regarding those grades. Hes been amazing!
4.0 : Really awesome man of God
4.0 : Prof. Shedd is an excellent facilitator of class discussion, just don't be afraid to speak up in class. If you do that, your class participation grade is a breeze and passing the class is far easier.
4.0 : This class was important to my major and Prof. Foster is a great teacher.  It is super important to take a lot of notes though.  I would recommend recording the lectures to get the most out of them.
5.0 : Professor Powell graded promptly and uses the rubric. He provided useful study guides to help us prepare for exams and answered emails quickly. He likes to see interaction between online discussion posts. I learned a lot in this course and would definitely take his classes again.
5.0 : Professor Powell is very caring and interactive. The textbook is necessary. The timeline project helped plant the OT in my heart and mind. I really enjoyed this class and course material. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Memorable lectures. Inspirational!
5.0 : International Business Law was super easy. Dr. Gomez is actually the Dean of the School of Business at Regent, so she is an awesome professor. She pretty much gives 100s on every assignment, so it is certainly not difficult to make an A in her class. There are two discussion boards and four short assignments. I would definitely recommend her!
5.0 : Had him for business law. Not much feedback and falls 2 or 3 weeks behind on grading, but is an easy grader. As long as your formatting is on point and you sound like you know what you're taking about, you'll do fine. Make sure you read the textbook so you know the terminology.
4.0 : Professor Westerwick seemed to be knowledgeable on the subject of Christian Ministry. This class was 90% discussion based. It was not required to discuss, so the same three people talked every week. Overall a good professor but she did change her level of grading on the final project which was annoying.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing professor, goes above and beyond for his students. Gives great feedback and you always know what he wants and what he will be grading on. I actually look forward to his classes.
5.0 : This man is a true gem. He's hilarious and relatable and is the most easygoing and chill professor you will ever meet. We love him. He's always super excited about the work his students do. Tillett is encouraging and never misses an opportunity to laugh, even if it's just at Colin's Bear. Assignments aren't hard if you're paying attention.
5.0 : Tillett leads by example. He puts time and effort into his students, just like he requires his students to put into their work. Plus, he's a great guy to spend time with and learn from outside of class. 10/10 would recommend for every class he teaches.
5.0 : Took his ANIM112 class. It was a full class but he still took the time to give every student feedback. Knew us all by name and kept contact over the summer to help me get ahead and figure out what I wanted to do with my degree. Really cool guy. If you get the chance take his class. If you don't at the very least talk to the guy, you'll be glad you.
5.0 : Loved this class. Not a hard grader but you have to take time on assignments.
5.0 : He literally tells us everything we need in class.
