5.0 : I have taken her 3 times. She can be boring as a person and somteimes the class drags on. That being said she is down to earth and will spend time with you in office hrs. Also unlike the rest of the cntv faculty there is no ego. She is a very nice person too.
5.0 : Shook is easily the best (and my favorite) professor I've ever had! Hilarious and overall great person. He is definitely a tough grader and expects a lot, but he genuinely cares about every one of his students. You will learn so much from him and everything he teaches is applicable to the real world. Take his class if you get the chance!
2.0 : The personality of this professor is good, but this class is incredibly terrible. Shook offers life term consulting, but I doubt I could get into a good graduate school with my grade on this class. Take the alternative class if u have a choice
5.0 : She structured the class well with five incredible books. Gave the student a great amount of freedom on picking their research paper topic. Very up to date on current world events and she edits her lectures and books every semester to stay current.One take home essay, in class essay final, and one research paper Highly recommended
4.0 : She is very passionate and knowledgeable about the material. I would recommend!
4.5 : She's the most inspirational and accomplished professor I've had. She loves to talk with students so participate! The class is based on just a few papers and readings, but you'll enjoy the topics. This class actually made me want to make the world a better place... cheesy I know, but she's really great.
2.0 : I really enjoyed lectures and Sanasarian is obviously passionate about what she is teaching. However, she is very unclear on expectations and when I asked her for concrete things I could do better, she couldn't come up with anything. Very into making student think, but that does not translate well into an organized, structured class.
4.0 : Quirky, passionate and brilliant professor. Made me laugh every class without trying. Enjoyed her course a lot, but she said herself, "Saying my class is easy would be an insult." She definitely makes you work for it. But read the textbook, take good notes and study hard before tests and you'll be fine.
4.5 : A must-take, especially if you are a political science major. She's clear, incredibly intelligent, knowledgeable and hilarious. I would take this class again if only for her aside stories (don't worry, her lectures are still 99% the real information!) Wonderful professor.
4.5 : She is an amazing person. The class was all lecture, but it was somehow MORE than lecture. She talked about personal experiences, stories, and really engaged you in the subject. Extremely knowledgeable and entertaining. However, entire grade consisted of one paper, one "homework assignment" (that was part of the final), and one final.
5.0 : Prof Sanasarian is a wonderful teacher who is really passionate about the material and the field in general. She is really funny in class, but she's even better during office hours. A must take class for posc majors, but her main problem is that she can sometimes be very unclear with grading policy and what she wants from the assignments.
5.0 : Professor Sanasarian is seriously so awesome. The class was extremely interesting and she did a great job making dense and difficult material easy to understand. She is passionate about the subject matter and knows what she's talking about. 10/10 would recommend this class.
5.0 : Greatest Professor I have ever had, loves teaching, loves her students and students love her back. One learns more than just Politics in her classes. She is funny and love her accent. She really cares about her students learning. She is the real Teacher.
5.0 : Professor Warner is easily one of the best professors I've had at USC. Extremely helpful, clear, and a very nice guy. He really loves what he's teaching and it shows. He keeps the class interesting with awesome visual examples. NOT an easy class by any means, you will need to really study and put in work to get a good grade, do that &amp; you're good!
4.5 : Everyone always says that Astronomy for non-majors is easy but this is not. Super hard class, hw and lab helps you stay afloat and the curve helps but it requires a ton of studying just to get a B. Take it Pass/NP I wish I did... And go to class ready to pay attention. I took it at the end of a 6 hour block and missed so much
5.0 : Very tough class with a lot of reading. Extremely content heavy. Dr. Warner is an excellent and hilarious professor. I really enjoyed his lectures. Take Pass/No Pass.
4.0 : Warner is extremely smart and knowledgeable in this subject. The lectures have too much information, but he makes it easier by giving practice tests, study guides, and homeworks in which you don't need to do every problem. Best to take pass/fail, but really interesting regardless. Not the easiest professor but certainly interesting.
5.0 : Absolutely fantastic. Took physics with another professor and hated it so much I dropped. Warner makes you want to learn about physics, and is incredibly adept at teaching it. If you have to take physics absolutely take it with him.
5.0 : Great guy, great teacher. Did not expect to like the class as much as I did.
5.0 : Professor Warner is amazing: take him. He teaches, but the right way (crazy long lectures but only because he truly cares, didn't include much math to make it accessible to non-majors, hard homework since you can prepare but easy midterms, gave practice tests... list goes on) - his passion is contagious. Thank you prof, you left a legacy!
4.5 : GO TO OFFICE HOURS!! That's the best advice I could give. He is very specific during office hours about what he wants and expects in assignments. Going to his office hours saved my grade and made writing papers 100x easier. Reading is not always necessary as he goes over terms and theories in lecture very thoroughly and quite often. One of the best
5.0 : Great class and professor
5.0 : A truly knowledgeable and entertaining lecturer, who prepares his students for the assignments and assessments of the course.  Each assignment is significant, but none take a great deal of time.  He is always available and has some interesting stories about being a lawyer and life in general.  Ask him about his surfing.
4.5 : Barnes has firsthand experience as a lawyer and can talk eloquently on a range of legal matters. He is  hilarious and makes tough concepts memorable that way. You definitely need to come to class, and makes sure you have a good TA that can explain tougher concepts and help with the 2 large essay assignments. Easily accessible during office hours.
4.0 : One of the best professors Ive ever had!! Such a great guy that likes to help out his students. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : professor barnes makes pretty boring material somewhat entertaining.  i think that he is and will be one of the best professors i have/will take at USC.  very few actual assignments, all of which count a lot, but he is extremely clear about expectations and they were all relatively easy. michelle is a great TA- she grades all work
4.0 : You won't do well if you don't attend class and take notes. Only problem is that all his notes are in chart format so it is really difficult to get everything down. This class needs to be called Charts 130. Also, if you don't use the words "on balance"  in your assignments you fail the  class. Charts.
3.5 : Challenging class, but worth it. He goes relatively fast, but keeps class engaged and interested. Midterm, paper, final. Class not mandatory but you should go, discussions have attendance.
4.0 : Professor Barnes knows politics, policy and the law. His experience is extensive and he offers his perspective and and wisdom easily. He is a little dry, and not everyone will like him. But you will learn. Not the easiest GE. 2 papers that got more complex and a final that you need you study for. You will work in this class... And learn. (:
5.0 : He pretends the class is way harder than it actually is.
5.0 : Jeb is a great teacher. Best I've ever had. The class was difficult but he is a great teacher so if you want to do well, you will! I am taking him next semester!
4.0 : Barnes is fire. He's passionate, smooth, and easy to talk to. He acts like POSC130 is the most difficult class you've ever taken, but as long as you memorize the infamous chartstake notes, you'll be fine. He spends the first 20 minutes of class reviewing what he said last time. You don't have to read. Pay attention in lecture. TAs are awesome too.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor, who breaks everything down, often and consistently till its drilled in your head and you can recite it back. Sooo helpful during office hours especially for assignments, basically writes the paper for you. His courses are not easy by any means but they are definitely worth taking!!
5.0 : Professor Barnes makes posc 130 fun and interesting. He is very engaging during lecture, and explains material multiple times. He is available to talk outside of class, and you are well prepared for the midterm and final.
5.0 : You will have to go to class to understand the material, along with what is expected of you on the papers, final, and midterm. I never did any of the readings and did just fine. Be sure to go to your T.A. for questions since they will be the one grading your papers and tests.
4.0 : Jeb Barnes is one of the best professor on campus. I took him for a GE and it was probably one of my favorite class at USC. The class itself can be challenging if you don't read or grasp on the the concepts quickly. You definitely don't have to be a political science major to take the course; I'm not. 2 papers, 1 midterm, and 1 final.
4.0 : I also took Barnes for POSC130 as a freshman (very difficult). But I took him again my sophomore year, because I wanted to see if I can do better. Anyway, his course readers are absolutely mandatory (essay(s) depend heavily on content). He does his best to completely explain concepts in lectures, and so expects you to put that information in essays
4.0 : I loveeee Barnes!!! He is a great professor. I really enjoyed his class. I really wish he taught other classes at SC. I definitely recommend him!! Plus he's great eye candy.
4.0 : An engaging lecturer who really knows what he's talking about. The assignments aren't difficult IF you take good notes, do the readings, and pay attention in class. He values participation a lot. Outside of class he is very approachable and happy to help at office hours. I recommend this class if you are genuinely interested in politics.
4.0 : One of the most intelligent and interesting professors at USC. This class is polisci like you have never seen it before. Make sure you understand all the jargon he makes up and uses in the class, otherwise it gets very confusing. Still, I learned so much from him. Office hours is the key to an A. Be CONCISE and CLEAR on both papers. Work for an A.
5.0 : One of the best professors. Shows high interest in student work, very supportive and patient. She goes out of her way to help students. Any extra effort is appreciated and rewarded. Strict with class policies. Def, take 209 with her for a great experience. Also, she brings cookies to class!
5.0 : Helen and I have somewhat different opinions on what makes a good photo.  However, never have I had a professor so willing to see things from a different point of view.  She knows her stuff and even though she can be particular about things I highly recommend her class, it's the most fun I've had at SC in 4.5 years.
5.0 : Supportive and patient. Really helpful. Best ever.
5.0 : Helen is one of the best professors I've ever had. She is kind to everyone and genuinely cares about each student's learning.
5.0 : Kind, friendly, and caring professor who knows her stuff when it comes to photography. She makes class interesting and will make you a better photographer. Keeps things upbeat and positive. Best 209 professor in Roski
5.0 : Boyd is THE MAN Seriously, take his class! Any class taught by him is amazing. His lectures are extremely interesting and insightful. He challenges you to think about the subject matter and is a walking encyclopedia of information. Just an all-around incredible professor and amazing man. Take his classes and you won't regret it! The real O.G.
3.0 : He's super into his own opinions and some of them are wrong but otherwise he's very entertaining. A class with substance but is it the right kind?
5.0 : Boyd is by far my favorite professor at SCA and I'm a graduating senior. I have taken three of his classes and they were all amazing- very insightful, intelligent, and thought-provoking. If you can take a class from this man, please do it! It will change your life, how you look at things, and you won't regret it!
4.0 : People worship Dr. Boyd more than he deserves. I took this class as my GE A and it was solid but not like life changing. I would recommend taking pass fail if possible because it's super easy to get a B but probably hard to get an A. Also DO NOT buy the course reader: every single article for the class can be found on google, so don't waste your $
4.5 : Respect the good doctor! A true rhetor and a professor of equal parts style and substance.
4.0 : Would not recommend taking this class as a GE. Especially not for a grade. Boyd has good insight and analysis on the films but for him there is only one right answer and if you argue or believe in anything else it is considered wrong. Take this for a GE P/NP. Easy to get a B (as in most people end up with a B). Hard to get an A.
3.5 : Took Mad Men class for Spring 2014 - Attendance is mandatory since Midterm &amp; Finals were based 70% on his lectures, 25% on the course reader articles, and then 5% on the books assigned. His lectures are very interesting and he's a charismatic speaker so attending class isn't so bad. Take really good notes on EVERYTHING he says in lecture.
2.0 : Professor Boyd is great, but not one of the Greats, as he'd have you believe. The guy consistently shows up 10-15 minutes late to class, and never really prepares his lectures with more than easy platitudes. He's film-criticism-lite, but still one of the best Cinema Studies professors at USC (sad state of affairs in that program). Easy A
4.0 : Love the doctor. Take his class.
5.0 : Dr. Boyd was awesome! His lectures were very informative and to the point, but hilarious. He definitely doesn't dance around important topics. Didn't get to interact with him much personally, TAs do the discussion section and all your grades/questions are directed to them.
5.0 : Dr. BOYD is the best teacher I've ever had at USC and I'm now in my junior year. His class is by far the most interesting, insightful class I've taken at the University, the only one I've ever felt was actually worth my money, and the only one in which I learned something. He makes you think. His lectures are engaging. Take this class.
5.0 : Todd Boyd is by far the best professor I have ever come across. He is one of the most intelligent, interesting people at USC and is clearly passionate about the subjects he teaches. Boyd is an absolute baller and has become one of the people I respect most in my life. THANK YOU BOYD!
5.0 : Boyd is the best professor I've ever had at USC! Definitely take his classes (especially Gangster Genre). You won't regret it. Brilliant.
4.0 : Boyd's my favorite cinema professor I've had. He plays great movies in class, and his lectures on them are fascinating; he really makes you look deeper into the social issues in movies. He's funny, and the classes always keep your attention, and he's a very clear lecturer. It's never difficult to understand the concepts he covers. Great prof.
5.0 : Boyd is the man! He is an absolute genius and very well versed in both politics and popular culture. This is a man who knows what's up. If you have the opportunity to take one of his classes, make it a priority! If you can't, then at the very least, take time out of your day to go listen to him lecture. You won't be disappointed! Notorious.
5.0 : Boyd is one of the best professors at USC and by far one of the most intellectually stimulating! The man is challenging, but will make you think and question the whorl around you. I highly recommend taking one of his classes. He is also an incredible lecturer. It's nearly impossible to be bored in his classes.
5.0 : Solid professor. Really knows his stuff and is a pretty entertaining and funny guy. Definitely don't recommend skipping class as the grade is only based on the midterm and the final, and you're expected to more or less respond with everything he said in lecture when answering questions on the tests.
4.0 : Awesome professor. Such an entertaining person. His class was my favorite at USC so far. If you are looking to challenge his material though, don't bother. He expects you to accept what he says as truth. Exams are basically spitting back the class material. Easy to get a good grade. Would definitely recommend!
4.0 : Professor Cummings is approachable, and somewhat funny in class. I really enjoyed  the first few lectures with him, but felt alright for the following ones.
4.0 : This class is entirely taught in discussion, not lecture. Not important to go to Cummings lecture except for checking in through the website program they use and turning in a paper copy of your case study. He does not grade your work, Tolan or the other TA will do that. Great guy if you pay attention and ask questions, I didn't.
5.0 : The class is great, and Professor Cummings is a down-to-earth and humorous guy. Would recommend the class.
4.5 : Great professor! Managed to turn an 8 am Friday class into a weekly highlight. Impressive!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have ever had. She explains everything extremely clearly and cares so much.
5.0 : She's great. Well-organized notes and she's fun. Didn't ever once open my text book or read any of the articles
5.0 : By and far one of the most likable and capable teachers at USC. I had no interest in accounting, but she was such a fantastic teacher I considered minoring in it after this class. Organized, beyond helpful, fair, and friendly.
4.0 : Robert is a great drawing teacher. He is extremely critical but his critiques are meant to help you become a better drawer. It's important to have thick skin with him but also take in everything he tells you as it's all meant to help. It was a challenging class for me but he's an amazing teacher who cares that you actually learn to draw :)
4.5 : The best art teacher I have had at Roski. He is a tough teacher, but he pushes you to produce good work. He gives informative lectures on modern art and his critiques are interesting and helpful. Take his class, you will progress so much in your painting skills and knowledge.
5.0 : if it wasn't for bob roski school of fine art and design would just be roski school of design
4.0 : Bob was one of the best teachers, let alone Art teachers I ever had.  If you are looking for an easy A.  This isn't it.  Be prepared to be challenged in ways no other art class will.  Best class at USC Art school.
5.0 : Brilliant guy. Average teacher. Believes people can only learn on their own so he assigns work from the book and uses class time to go over extra things you don't need to know and give quizzes. Even so, he's still a genius.
4.0 : Homework is manageable and helps a lot on the midterms and final. Midterms and final are easy because they are literally homework problems. Got a B- because I made silly mistakes on my midterm. Could've gotten A- in the class easily. No quizes
4.0 : Great teacher. Always made sure the class understood what was happening. It is easy to get a good grade as long as you study.
5.0 : Crystal clear and informative lecturer. Also, willing to help after class and give valuable career guidance. The best engineering professor I had throughout all my undergraduate and graduate studies!
4.5 : Previously dropped 201 because of a bad prof, but Safadi is amazing! He's pretty funny and makes sure everyone in the class knows what's happening. Not too much homework. His test have some weird questions on them but nothing brand new so just really need to study. Need the book for hw problems, but Safadi does solving a different way than the book
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. Will take as much time with you as you need to understand a concept. Homework assignments can be challenging but he is always available for office hours. Does tons and tons of examples in class that will clarify the topics. Highly recommend him. GET IN HIS CLASS.
4.0 : His lectures were pretty interesting and he covers everything you need to know in class. There is a solution manual for most of the problems but try to do them on your own and it'll be a relatively easy A
4.5 : Does lots of examples in class and shows you easy ways to do problems. I found the homework and tests to be tough but he's very helpful and a clear lecturer.
5.0 : One of the best professors in the department.  Very helpful, makes sure everyone understands what's going on.  Very funny guy.  Easy homework and tests.  Come to class and it's an easy A.
5.0 : Bickers really cares about his students, and his passion for the material will make you love it, too. If you've taken a good AP Physics class in high school you will be ok. Homeworks are tough but he has video explanations for them. Also, he understands it's harder than the regular physics class, so he curves the course average to around a B+/A-.
5.0 : The class is very hard, but Bickers is great about explaining things and his office hours are super helpful
5.0 : He is AMAZING!!! There is no better professor than Prof Bickers. He is so incredibly nice he will explain until you understand. Go to his office hours!! You will learn so much. It's a difficult class, but if you work hard, you will definitely be able to pull it off. He makes you want to try your hardest, and that is very rare in a professor!!
5.0 : Quite a bit of homework for a 100-class. But Bickers was super funny and energetic which makes up for what should be a dull intro course. If you ever take an easy course, I recommend him. Very clear on explaining and is very forgiving on late assignments.
5.0 : This guy is an amazing lecturer. He is the nicest kindest person you would want in a professor. Though you should be warned!!!! This class Physics 161 is VERY TOUGH!!!! If you can handle it I would recommend him. He gives you the tools to suceed though.
5.0 : Straight baller. Best professor at USC hands down, the man is a genius.
5.0 : Even with the curve, the exams are still quite difficult, and you're going to have to put in a LOT of time if you want an A (I mean that). However, Bickers is by far the most helpful and knowing professor in the Physics department at USC, so it's impossible to say anything bad about him. If you're willing to put in the time, take him over Gould.
5.0 : He explains everything clearly and he's super helpful during office hours. He has videos posted of all the lectures from a few years ago and has all the homework assignments online. But the homework is often pretty tricky and it's hard to beat the curve on his exams. But like most people have said on here, he actually cares about your learning.
5.0 : Best physics teacher I've ever had. The first teacher that truly tries to explain the relevance of each topic you're learning, which makes you appreciate and enjoy the subject so much more. Terrific at explaining concepts clearly.
4.0 : He's a great man, but his lectures do not prepare you for the homework, and the homework does not prepare you for the tests. If you take this class, get ready to work 40 hr weeks on just  physics alone. He's there to help, and is on your side (despite the difficulty and work load). All he wants is for you to learn and his class is set up for that.
5.0 : Best teacher I have had at USC. Inspired me to add a physics minor. He is very knowledgeable, and accessible. His lectures are amazing, and if you choose not to go to class he posts them all online. The HW is very hard and time intense, but if you go into office hours you will have no problem with it. I can not stress how helpful office hours are!!
4.5 : Dr. Bickers is an amazing professor and is fantastic at breaking down physics problems.  I respect him more than almost any other professor I have had at USC.  That being said his exams are brutal.  Your best option in 135B is to have access to as many past exams as possible because the homework does not prepare you.
5.0 : PHYS100 is a lot of HW and quizzes. But they are doable. You can even google all the answers. However, midterms and finals requires a bit of studying. Study up on the past quizzes, HW and past midterm/finals. Understand the material. He is very good at explaining. You do all that, you will get something between a B+ and an A.
5.0 : He's the best physics professor I've ever taken. His in-class experiments are definitely fantastic and I personally became interested in learning physics after taking his introductory physics class.
5.0 : This class is the first is a three part honors physics track. He is without a doubt the best professor I've ever had period, he is a genius and great at teaching. However, his physics honors classes are by far the most challenging classes I've ever taken. Take these classes if you actually want to learn, your going to have to work for that A though
4.0 : Maybe physics is just not my thing, but I felt like the things he lectured, along with the homework and quizzes has nothing to do with the exams, even though you do see some questions on from the past exams and quizzes.
5.0 : Professor Bickers is the best! Good choice for GE-D as long as you learned really basic physics in high school. two midterms, one final and no papers. I'm so angry that people just don't show up in the classroom. He deserves more.
5.0 : He genuinely cares for his students and has office hours, like, after office hours.  You can definitely do well on the midterms and finals if you practice the past tests (which are posted on blackboard) without looking at the answers.
5.0 : This is a good class to take pass/fail for GE 3. Professor Bickers is very clear and quick with his grading. You just need to stay on top of the homework and quizzes and go to lab. The tests are all multiple choice and not terrible. Easy pass.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. Was a joy to be in his class even though I struggled every step of the way.
4.0 : Professor Bickers really cares about our learning.  He is always available and willing to help during office hours to explain and answer any questions I had.  The homework is hard but it is really doable if you start ahead of time and ask him questions during office hour.  He cares so much!!  Would highly recommend taking 161 and 162 with him!
3.5 : Interesting class. 3 papers, a midterm and a final. The tests are pretty hard, but are curved. There's a lot of tough reading, but she covers most of it in class in a much more understandable way.
5.0 : For an upper division class, Lloyd is not so difficult. There is never any homework and attendance is not required. However, if you want to get a good grade you need to keep up with the heavy reading and attend every class. 2 papers, midterm, final are your whole grade. She is very clear. Take her!
5.0 : Three tests, one presentation. Pretty easy if you like it. She is super engaging and will make all the subjects graspable. ALWAYS GO TO LECTURE. TAKE AMAZING NOTES. PARTICIPATE A TON. Also, her class if pretty fun so enjoy it. Need to read a lot (GoT, Hobbes, Locke, Rousseau, Hume, John Stuart Mill). Worth it tho.
5.0 : Best professor I had in my 4 years at SC as a philosophy major. Lloyd is brilliant and inspirational. She pushes you, and you have to work hard, but you will be a better smarter student after taking a class with her.  She's also an excellent educator--clear slides and engaging lectures. Sidenote: she's the world's leading Hobbes scholar.
5.0 : Dr. Lloyd is both an entertaining and knowledgable lecturer. She has been one of the best philosophy professors I have had at USC, and is honestly the only professor for whose class that I'll wake up at 8am. If you have the chance, take this class.
3.0 : A wonderful GE if you need an easier class and don't mind sci-fi. Lots of movies and Star Trek episodes. The lectures aren't particularly gripping, but the reading is great and it's a good peek into the realm of Philosophy.
5.0 : Professor Lloyd is the best professor I've had at USC. The class is hard though. Don't take it if you're not interested in philosophy and willing to work hard. You don't need to read, but you do need to attend all lectures. Exams are hard and papers require lots of time.  I learned so much from this class though, and I looked forward to lecture.
4.0 : *details for thematic option class only (professors teach these differently): attendance wasn't mandatory for lecture, and I skipped a lot but wish I had went to all of them simply because she's an interesting lecture and it's a thought-provoking subject. It's easy to get by otherwise-- if you can write philosophy papers. some of them killed me
1.0 : He is often confusing in lecture and in lab instruction.
2.0 : Almost all the same guest speakers every semester. He's extremely opinionated- his way or the highway. He is very aware of his accomplishments and loves to promote himself and his books. I dreaded going to this class because I knew it would be extremely liberal and would leave no room for alternate discussion. Interesting, but extremely painful.
4.0 : Really fun, good class! I loved it. Every week we have a guest that the prof interviews and it relates to the weeks topic and discussion. Easy one page assignment due every week. Pretty light to moderate reading every week. Good lectures and discussions. I recommend!
5.0 : Just like the other reviews! Bob is one of the most intelligent professors you can find at Annenberg. Highly Recommended his class if you want to have critical thinkings in your study. 2 tests, easy to pass as long as you attend the class and read the materials. I am in his upper division class this spring which I never regret taking Bob's class!
5.0 : The classes and guest speakers are always interesting. If you attend lecture the test is super easy. He also makes sure tests are fair so if many students get a question wrong he discounts it. The weekly assignment of doing readings and then writing about it isn't a big deal.
4.0 : Prof. Scheer's class is such an interesting class if you're into discussion and current events. Topics range from football, cosmetic surgery, racism, economy, sexism, war etc. all in relation to media and society. My biggest disappointment was the students, barely two handful of students really participate in the discussion,Cool guests
5.0 : I LOVED this class. A lot of intellectual debate and Scheer himself is open-minded and willing to play Devil's advocate. He is an old school liberal and encourages dissent. The tests were pretty easy as long as you show up for lecture and read the few readings a week. He is passionate and I already miss the class!
4.5 : Maarek was awesome! He has a good sense of humor and will joke around in class. Still learned a ton in his class and he likes when you participate. A great professor for an early degree necessary class. It wasn't that hard of a class, but you definitely had to study for quizzes and exams.
5.0 : Maarek really cares about your development as a student and as an engineer.  He is always accessible by email and goes out of his way for you.  Also his accent is entertaining.
4.0 : Maarek genuinely cares about his students; I was there for his "flipped" classroom trial year, but I'm very thankful I got Maarek instead of Dr. Kay.  Maarek's classroom is very relaxed, but he is clear and helpful if you ever have questions.  He also always has very good TAs, which come in handy for the little labs in discussion section.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Really cares that you learn from the class as opposed to just stressing about your grade. Learned a lot from this class, and Maarek is a very chill and understanding and helpful prof. Would recommend.
5.0 : Amazing professor and excellent class! I was expecting it to be a very dry law class but Professor Cheeseman makes it very interesting and useful.  The textbook is VERY good - you'll want to keep it after the class is over because it is a very good reference book. Ask him to show you photos from his trip to North Korea &amp; other places he visits.
5.0 : I look back with fond memories of Dr Cheeseman and his class.  A learned man, and also hilarious which makes learning a joy.  He takes a subject that could be dry and makes it very entertaining and engaging. You'look learn so much, he's fantastic and a great guy.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Had him 12 years ago and he was thorough and you can really tell he loves teaching. Love the case studies as it gave more real world perspective. Entertaining and dynamic!
5.0 : Best class I took at USC!
5.0 : Prof. Kale is a very brilliant database wizard with an entertaining sense of humor. I recommend this class. However, it is near-impossible to get an A. He grades with a harshness that makes it seem like a curve is coming, but there is none. 95% is the only gateway to the A.
5.0 : This is the 2nd class I've had with Prof Kale. He has a good reputation within Viterbi and there's a good reason why. He knows his stuff and cares about his students. He grades harshly but fairly. An A is a 95%+, but is definitely attainable if you go to every class and make an effort.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. explains  clearly, straightforward exams. Even though attendance does not matter, come to every lecture cause he often spills exam questions in detail that will actually be asked in the exam. He gives lots of partial credit. No need to go to discussion unless you have questions, most of the hw answers could be found online.
5.0 : Great Prof! Easy to reach and gives good/productive feedback. Awesome personality and truly cares about students success.
4.0 : Prof. Fields is a great  addition to Marshall. This is one of his drier classes because the textbook is kinda boring. However, he made sure to make the class entertaining. U will need a subscription to  WS as there are questions on the exams, follow his twitter and u will be fine. His exam is pretty straightforward and the Fields curve will save U!
4.0 : Really funny guy, but his tests are pretty hard. If you put in a bit of work you'll get a B, but if you want something higher, you really have to work for it, be incredibly smart, or have the ability to memorize the textbook.
5.0 : Fields is a great prof.  Very knowledgeable and makes class relevant.
5.0 : Fields was awesome!  Would definitely take any of his classes again!
5.0 : Kerry is a great guy and a great professor. He has a full time law practice with his son Kevin Fields, so he brings very practical experience to his lectures. His tests and quizzes actually cover the material in his book, which is great. You'll learn a lot in his class, have fun, and make a friend. One of the best professors I had by far.
5.0 : Outstanding Professor. Thorough and diligent in his presentations with a great sense of humor. One of the best, and entertaining professors in the MBA program.
4.0 : You will learn practical knowledge. 2 midterms, 1 final, quizzes, and 1 group project. A very chill guy which can be bad cause toward the end of the semester, he rushes thru lectures. Gives a lot of real-life examples. Easy class that requires memorization of very specific facts. I studied 2 days before all the tests and pulled an A.
4.5 : He's super smart! Honestly, he scared the crap out of me, but I loved his class. He's very abrupt and sometimes paused his lecture to ask someone something completely unrelated (ie what they were eating/wearing). Was nervous about having a 5 hour long class (all lecture to boot) but ended up looking forward to it. He made it interesting and funny.
5.0 : You have to take him at least once as a psych major. He's awesome.
5.0 : This was my favorite class so far! Schwartz makes the information easy and the lectures are enjoyable. He has a hilarious sense of humor and keeps the class interesting. He's also a relatively easy grader, but make sure to attend class and take notes because basically everything you need to know will be said in lecture. Definitely reccommend!
5.0 : Schwartz is an amazing professor. He really cares for his students and is more than accessible outside of class. He is one of the greats in his field. Lectures are a must because you learn everything you need to know for his tests there but you'll want to go because he keeps his lectures interesting and incorporates current events. Easy A. Take it!
5.0 : I'm conflicted. I loved his class. He's a great lecturer and quite a character. Textbook is not necessary. Going to class and taking notes, with access to slides on blackboard makes the course doable. However, for some reason I struggled on tests which were fairly tricky. Other than that, the class is interesting and he's very willing to help!
1.0 : I did not enjoy this class at all.  Grades tough on the final and the last paper. Makes you sign a 10 page syllabus ( found this funny)
5.0 : By far one of my favorite professors that I have had at USC. Conveys material clearly and in an interesting manner. Your grade for the semester is based solely upon 3 midterms (he drops the lowest score) and the cumulative final exam. He's such a fascinating, outspoken guy, and I highly recommend taking his courses!
4.5 : Great class and a great professor. Material is interesting and engaging. Very knowledgable and cares deeply about teaching and his students. Though he can be a bit rough if you talk to him during office hours, he genuinely just wants to see that people are learning and having a good experience.
4.5 : Lectures are interesting and don't feel super long. He gives a lot of anecdotes to help students better understand the concepts. You can do really well in this class if you put in the effort. He is available during office hours and he truly wants you to come to him for clarification or help. He will sit down answer any questions you might have.
4.5 : Fazio is an amazing professor and an even better person. Expect to actually enjoy her class. Attendance is definitely optional but you won't want to miss it. No exams and only a few assignments throughout the semester.
5.0 : One of the few Professors around with real world experience.
5.0 : Probably the most sort after class at Marshall and for good reason. Julia is one of the best professors at USC. Lectures are interesting, useful and applicable with inspirational guest speakers. Julia is also extremely accessible and a great resource for recruitment - her network is inexhaustible. Highly, highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Plotts is the best professor at Marshall it isn't even up for debate.
4.0 : prof plotts is a very good professor and i learned a lot from her class. she's a great teacher that keeps the class engaged. however as someone who was only taking finance because its a req for my major, it was very difficult for me even after a lot of studying to get a good grade. she's a great teacher though!
5.0 : Plotts is very dynamic and keeps class interesting with several speakers, stories, and jokes. She genuinely wants to help her students succeed career-wise and has a lot of great connections. 4 group cases, 2 midterms, and 1 final group project. Study slides/lectures for the exams and get a good group/work hard on the cases/project. BEST CLASS EVER!
5.0 : Easily the best class I've taken at USC! If you have any interest in pursuing a career within Finance, this class is a MUST.  Julia constantly keeps the entire class engaged and makes Finance fascinating.  Lots of group projects and 2 midterms but if you pay attention, you'll do just fine. She really wants her students to succeed. Highly Recommend.
5.0 : If you have any interest in finance, taking Professor Plotts' class is a MUST. Not only is she one of the best lecturers at USC, but also she is a true mentor. She is willing to go the extra mile to help a student who truly desires to learn more. Her class will equip you with practical skills but also a new perspective on business.
5.0 : If you don't take Ballroom Dancing with Jay while you're at USC, you're doing something wrong. One of the best classes, ever!
5.0 : One of the funniest professors in one of the funniest classes at USC. Hands down everyone who has a chance should take ballroom, you'll look forward to going to his class. Even if youre tired from a long day, being in his class brings you up. Graded P/F. Would absolutely take his class again..
4.5 : Easy elective. Take this class for fun.
4.5 : This guy is hilarious! A real fun and easy class if you have units to spare. However, we didn't learn much beyond basic movements in many dance forms; I wish we'd focused on getting better at just a couple dances. If you're even a little serious about learning ballroom, you can take 188B without taking A first, no problem, you'll learn more there.
5.0 : Best teacher. Take class for fun and you wont regret it.
4.5 : Jay is great and helpful if you're having problems learning the dances. The classesmidtermfinal are all based on attendance so you have to show up, but there aren't any written assignments and the tests are super easy. He's a hilarious guy and fun to be around, my only issue was that it was a night class.
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher. He makes dancing fun and he is very lenient when you have to make up a class and he is the best teacher I've had in a long time.
5.0 : Jay is the kind of teacher who makes you fall in love with dancing no matter your background. He took time to explain the dance moves to everyone having a problem until we all understood, although our class as whole seemed to have disappointed him because very few of us had any sort of prior experience. Great guy.
4.0 : Unless you have a deep interest in Greek history or the classics:this class is just about as interesting as watching paint dry.
3.5 : This class is so incredibly boring. The books used are dense and not interesting in the slightest. 2 essays that are 50% of your grade - if you do well, you're chilling. But the prompts are boring and painful to write about. Classes are so incredibly boring to sit through. Professor is passionate about the material though.
5.0 : Guarantee that you get an A as long as you turn in all the assignments. Required weekly reading and homework but I literally didn't read anything and did the homework during lecture right before it was due. People complain it's too much work but it's still a guaranteed A so take this class because he's super passionate and hilarious too!
4.5 : Dr. Gustafson is one of the best professors I've had at USC. His passion for literature is infectious, and it's obvious that he genuinely cares about his students. ENGL 263 literature was fun to read and the workload is definitely manageable.  I would definitely recommend this class!
5.0 : BEST TEACHER EVER. TOOK HIS AMERICAN LITERATURE CLASS AND ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT. NOT ONLY IS HE INTERESTING, BUT HE'S FUNNY AND UNDERSTANDING.
3.0 : Overall, this is an okay class. I really don't know why you would take it for GE credit though. This class is 2 hours long, and he actually likes to lecture until the last minute. You have to attend every class to to earn credit. And he gives so many projects that take SOOOO MUCH time. If you want to spend a lot of time in this class, take it.
5.0 : Gustafson is a great professor that truly has a passion for history and teaching it. He cares about the well being of his students and really wants them to learn. His goal is not to just teach history, but to get students to think in a more humanitarian way. Lots of reading but it's not all necessary. take the class!
5.0 : He genuinely cares about what he is teaching you. He made me completely reconsider the history of our nation, and he is all about looking at an issue from all different sides. Best class I have taken at USC. I enjoy coming to class because he does not want you to take notes. All you have to do is have an open-mind and listen to what he is saying.
5.0 : Such a caring professor! Easy an A as long as you turn in your assignments. Really cares about his students and teaching them information that actually matters. If you want to laugh in class and have a professor that's actually passionate about what he teaches then take this, especially if you need a B GE requirement!
5.0 : He honestly is one of the best professors I have taken so far. He does talk a lot, but he has interesting things to say.
5.0 : He's a great professor! Extremely funny and helps keep lectures interesting. This has been one of the best classes I've taken at USC and I would definitely recommend taking Gustafson! There's a lot of effort required but if you are willing to work hard, he will notice that and reward you.
5.0 : Professor Gustafson is a character to say the least. He's extremely passionate about history and is absolutely hilarious. There's a lot of papers you have to do but if you follow directions you should get at least a B+. If you show up and do the homework you should get an A no problem.
2.0 : Gustafson is extremely enthusiastic and passionate about this topic which unfortunately manifests itself in hour and fifty minute long lectures in which he babbles about whatever comes to mind. The smaller projects are easy A's but the midtermfinal project and quiz take ridiculously long to study for and complete.
5.0 : Professor Gustafson is the best professor I have taken a GE course with. Even though it was a big lecture class, I felt a personal connection with him as he is open to office hours and truly wants to connect with each student. I have hysterically laughed in almost all classes and, even as an art major, found a true interest in American history.
3.5 : Such a funny professor. He is definitely one of my favorite professors. Like any GE class though, expect a lot of liberal thinking. Attendance required because you have to turn in reading responses for every class. Passionate about the subject. Note: he doesn't do much grading; TA does most; his grading is easy but the TA I had grades very tough.
5.0 : Hands down, the best professor I had at USC so far. Relatable dude, insane, empathetic, funny, and extremely passionate about American Literature. Did not expect to enjoy this class so much!!! Lots of readings, but they are definitely worth it.
3.0 : Professor Gustafson's craziness and commitment to his students are both above and beyond anything I've ever seen. However, I would not recommend this class if you have a demanding schedule because there is work due every class and large assignments due roughly every 2 weeks.
5.0 : You can only fail the course because of poor participation and/or lack of work. The course requires reading daily but it is not time-consuming! Reading will benefit later for the exams! The course has 4 easy time-consuming projects. If you receive an A in the midterm you will do great in the final. IF YOU ARE A FRESHMEN TAKE THIS COURSE!
5.0 : Professor Gustafason is easily the most engaging teacher I've had at USC. He's so excited about the course material and infectiously adorable. You can't help but smile at his excitement. He's also extremely accommodating and accessible. Plus, reading isn't necessarily mandatory. If you want to enjoy a teacher, you should take an AmLit with him.
3.5 : Lectures seem like they're all over the place, but if you've done your reading, you will see that his lectures references the various reading assignments. You don't have to buy ALL the books, some he posts excerpts on BB. Projects are long--my writing assignments easily exceeded 10 pages. Avoid if you're 2nd 3rd yr premed w heavy course load
3.0 : If you do everything, it's easy to get an A. However, attendance is mandatory, and he checks by requiring a paragraph response to the readings every single day. If you skip class and come in at the end to hand it in, he won't take it. No phones or laptops allowed. Assignments are extremely long, but there aren't any real papers. A good guy.
5.0 : Don't go to his office hours unless you have at least half an hour. He talks a lot, but he's passionate about his work. He takes forever to grade, but he tries his hardest to make sure you get that A. The assignments are long but fun to do which is appreciated. He puts 98%  of the readings online!!! check there before you buy any of the books!
4.5 : I have never had a professor care more about his students than Thomas. He knew all 150 students by name, read EVERY paper and genuinely believed in them. The class itself... not the best. It is an "Easy A" but there is a LOT of busy work. It isn't hard, but it takes a lot of time. Love the teacher, not the class. Just a repeat of American history.
5.0 : if you need a GE you should take this. if you show up to lectures and pay attention, you can half-ass all the assignments and get an A. he asks for 2 quotes from the reading and your thoughts on them as a hw/attendance, you can do that literally in 30min before class. This guy is totally nuts, which makes lectures exciting and interesting.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Passionate about what he does and the lectures aren't bad to sit through either, half the time there are movie clips. You'll have to do outside stuff for the class a little bit but it makes you appreciate the school and where you're at more. Can talk to him outside of class easily, and should definitely take if you have GEs needed
2.0 : Please don't take this teacher if you have any level of previous understanding of the topics. He says the same thing for an entire semester. Its exhausting, boring, not educational, pedantic, and truly not what I expect from college professors. Yes, he's a nice guy - I would hardly describe him as a great teacher though. Mediocre at best.
5.0 : A little bit of an oddball (in a good way!) but so inspiring and passionate. Easy to talk to, counts attendance by a short paragraph on the assigned readings he asks you to turn in each class, if you miss a class you can turn in a makeup paragraph and still receive the credit. Also gives you a chance to rewrite essays for a better grade.
5.0 : Great Professor, not such an easy A cause there is some work involved with a scavenger hunt and the papers, but manageable. Very funny and you watch a lot of movies in class. Guaranteed A-. Loves Soccer.
1.0 : Professor Gustafson is a bad teacher, in which he is unable to organize and articulate the class materials. He requires paragraph responses that are counted as your attendance. I really like the topic that is covered by this class. However, because of his inability to engage students, I hate this class.
2.0 : -Lectures are EXTREMELY boring. His lectures go on random tangents and I always feel like I learned nothing. -Take Eike for TA (TA grades most papers, Professors view of you doesn't matter as much) -Show up to turn in daily reading response, so you have to go to every lecture -Extra credit offered -Extremely easy to do well on papers
2.5 : He is a great professor, her really cares. He is not very clear and is a super slow grader. But really passionate about the subject, I would recommend taking him, one of the better English Professor I have had. Just very disorganized and lots of reading, but not totally necessary to do. He gives great feedback on papers and there are only 4 of them
3.0 : Subject is really interesting, and Gustafson is passionate and funny. But he expects you to read SO much--like a book a week by the end, and countless long articles at the beginning. Papers take FOREVER and you need to read to complete them. He gives hints in lecture. Spent more time on this class than my others combined. Would not recommend.
5.0 : Subject is difficult, and he expects you to read to work for the grade you get. There are quite a few projects, but they were engaging and were not straight papers. You can probably pull off a decent grade even if you don't do all of the reading (he even admitted that if you do 80-90% of the reading you should get an A).
1.0 : Despite his rudeness, the worst part of his class for me was that he does seemed to have no idea what he was talking about. The class does all the discussion for him, He barely stands there doing nothing and but summing up everything using wrong statements and concepts making everything in a mess
4.0 : He is pretty engaging. It's awesome to be in his class.
5.0 : Carl does have a side of him that can sometimes rub people the wrong way. He can be short and his openness can be conceived as rudeness. That being said, he is one of my favorite professors in all of Marshall. I traveled to Argentina with him as a part of the course and being able to learn his perspectives on international business was invaluable.
4.5 : Great class, but slightly over hyped. Professor Voigt teaches the class HBS case style and stimulates great discussions in class. Mexico was also great. However, be prepared for Voigt's strong personal opinions on the cases, often times his "solution" are not data backed and is just one of many possibilities.
4.5 : Incredible professor!! He truly cares about his students and wants them to really understand the subject. He makes the subject challenging but interesting. Midterms are not very easy and group projects demand a LOT of work. Anyways, I COMPLETELY recommend taking this class, it is very inspiring!!! (the trip to Mexico was sick)
5.0 : Great professor with tons of experience and knowledge about global strategy. Very difficult class, but also very rewarding. He comes off as (jokingly) offensive, but that's just because of his Kiwi humor and desire to help prepare his students for careers in this field. Highly recommended, but be aware there will be a lot of work involved.
3.0 : Awesome!
4.0 : GLP is incredibly worth it, so if you came here wondering whether or not to take it then do. The trip to china is the most fun you will have at USC, which is saying something. As far as Carl, he's a great but demanding guy. Stay relatively on top of stuff and joke around with him and he will love you. Seems tough, but is really a big teddy bear.
4.0 : This was the best class I took at USC.   That said, you get out what you put in. If you don't read, Voigt will wreck you. But the discussions in-class are intellectually rewarding, and he challenges you to  think in-depth about the issues.   If you want new ways to think about business challenges and strategy, this is the class to take.
4.0 : Voigt is an awesome guy. He expects a lot from his students. The projects are a huge part of your grade
5.0 : Take this course if you want to learn strategic business processes. Carl is hard But so COMPETENT! You Will learn SO much from this man
4.0 : Entertaining guy, makes you work. He's great at intimidating students to do the readings and participate.  Drawbacks: Has very close-minded, b&amp;w view about solutions to cases. IMO many classmates offered very thoughtful, creative insights to the cases and they were hastily rejected as wrong. All in all positive experience. Exams are HARD.
4.5 : This professor is amazing. I think he is one of the best lecturers at USC. Why?  Because he makes it interesting. He has you on the edge of your seat with his inspirational stories about how to strategically start your own company.  He is so animated,  that you will remember every word from his lectures.  I would take him a million times over.
4.5 : Take his class, its probably the best I've taken at USC.
4.0 : Tough guy, expect strong opinions and a crass personality. He's a great guy, but he cold calls. Go to Mexico and make friends on the trip, everything will change. Would not take his class again, but it helped me learn. The final project is one of the most stressful things I've ever done. A lot of case reading, and it needs to be IN DEPTH.
5.0 : He's very approachable, positive, funny, and knowledgeable.  There was a lot of reading that was hard to keep up with at times, but overall, it was an amazing class! Definitely one of my favorite professors and classes so far. :)
5.0 : Norindr is contagiously enthusiastic, thoughtful, and well spoken. Class I look forward to. Known to ramble some, but if you participate you get a lot back. About 60 pages a day of reading, but he is very understanding if the workload is unmanageable.
5.0 : loved him
5.0 : Lectures are interesting, you won't fall asleep. Reasonable professor understands students' way of learning. Readings are necessary for an A.
3.5 : She is a great person, if you get a chance to talk to her in office hours go. The only problem is she likes to talk a lot for lectures and goes off on tangents making it impossible to take notes. She has powerpoints in the background but she did not make most of them and usually they have nothing to do with what she is talking about
5.0 : Excellent class, not the best lecturer. She tends to drone on and go off on tangents so it's up to the student to pay attention. She will provide you a very thorough study guide if your class is lucky.  She will ask questions about the reading so if you participate you'll do well. Do the readings. She's a fair grader.
1.0 : Probably the worst professor I have had at USC. Has no idea what she is doing in class. Simply makes students teach the class and then chooses to give her input here and there.  I have no idea what other students on this website are talking about, but Carol Wise is definitely one to avoid.
5.0 : Dent is one of the best professors at USC. On top of being extremely articulate and knowledgable, he's a super nice guy who is always willing to help. He really cares about his class and his students and it shows. Great class and great prof!
5.0 : Dent is extremely clear and informative. No regrets taking this course.
4.0 : Professor Dent is super friendly and helpful to his students. He uses a site called Piazza  a lot where he posts announcements and checks often to answer any questions students may have. I took the class PNP as a stress-free elective, but to be honest I probably could have gotten away with an A with minimal effort.
5.0 : Super clear and passionate. Gives you all the tools to succeed by posting lectures/notes online. Multiple lab assignments in the beginning of the semester, written and practical midterm, then the rest is working on your final project, which can be completed in a couple days. Would recommend, especially if you have no prior HTML experience.
4.5 : For a Spanish class, this was actually really fun.  He's a super easy grader
4.0 : Excellent professor and a good guy overall. Pleasant demeanor and makes it enjoyable to be in his class. Definitely recommend him for any Spanish class
5.0 : The class was fairly easy. Just show up to class, do all the homework, and you should get an A. There's weekly homework that's super easy and he's an easy grader. Expect a long paper for the final, but don't stress too much about it.
2.0 : He operates under "its my way or the highway." He doesnt allow for any opinions that arent his own, and assigns long readings and requires papers written for every single one of them, so about two papers per week and two long papers length 15pgs and 25pgs. Not work taking as a GESM in the ARTS.
4.0 : Learning about Theater of the Oppressed takes on a heavy social justice path. If you don't consider yourself liberal on these issues you may feel intimidated, but it's a good way to learn for anyone. One page papers every week on long readings, but you can skim through them &amp; be fine. Brent is a nice guy &amp; has a good heart &amp; genuinely wants to help
2.0 : Professor Blair is well meaning, but not merciful if you share a different view. You will not know what your grade is in the class until the end of the semester because you have a 2-3 page paper due every week that he does not grade in time. He ended up grading easily, but don't count on it if you don't participate. Beware of a 20 page paper.
5.0 : Take Brent Blair if he's teaching the Seminar in the Arts, definitely the best GESM. If you're considering him for another class also take him! The most straightforward, understanding, caring professor I've had at USC so far.
4.0 : He's a very well-meaning and heartful guy. He's emotional and you'll see that during the classroom exercises. There's a writing prompt every week 1-2 pages, but that's not very hard as he grades easy. You won't know your grade until the end of the semester but most people do fine. In other years the last paper was 20 pages, but my year was only 10.
5.0 : Taking this class was one of the best decisions of my life. Super chill, every class was an adventure. Lots of readings, a couple papers (he cut down the 20 page one though), and he grades pretty slow, but he wants everyone in class to do well so just go to class and you'll get an A.
4.5 : Professor Blair is very inspiring and such an amazing professor! This class is very rewarding, he assigns weekly readings but they are always interesting. I would definitely recommend this class to anyone with an open mind and anyone who wants an easy class lol.
5.0 : This class is about theatre and therapy. It's quite a hard class because of tons of readings and writings. 1-2 responses per week, two 5-page papers and a 20-page research paper. Need a lot of time to finish the reading every week. Luckily Brent is an easy grader. He is a good professor. Just go to the class and do all the works, and you'll get A.
5.0 : You will never have a better professor. He is PHENOMENAL. He is hard but the industry is harder so if you can't handle it then get out of the business! If you want to be a serious actor TAKE HIS CLASS.
5.0 : Hacker is by far the best acting teacher I have ever had. His class is difficult, but invaluable. It is the only class I have taken at USC that I feel has prepared me for the real world of acting. He is the most thoughtful, caring, and helpful teacher I have ever had. If you come prepared and do the work, you will leave a better person and actor.
5.0 : He's incredibly inspiring and intelligent. He shred with you the harsh reality of the world of acting in a way that doesn't leave you feeling frightened but rather feeling proud to be pursuing this art form. He's a gracious teacher who devotes his career to helping each student achieve success.
5.0 : Staple of USC. Hacker is a beautifully intelligent man who uses his life experience to teach just as much as he uses technique and structure. Yes, he has stock phrases that he repeats and he tells the same stories that are in his book.  However, those stories have stayed with me and have given me the drive to start writing my own. Really great man.
5.0 : Hacker unlike many SDA professors truly understands the professional industry. I started booking bc of his audition technique. 480A/480B were the best classes I've taken. He's honest and challenging, but so passionate and cares about his students. He WILL make you a better auditioner if you do the work required of you. His book is also SO helpful!
5.0 : Thanks to having Mr. Hacker this semester, I began to get callbacks consistently. 480A has opened my eyes in a way no other class has. I understand where my acting does not cut it (but also know exactly how to prepare for an audition). Most dedicated/smart teacher I've ever had. Meets students WHENEVER to film/coach. Unforgettable, caring insight.
1.0 : This professor is a narcissist. As a student who never received any other grade other than an "A" he targeted me and treated me with an unfair bias. I wish I had gone to the administration as this was years ago.
5.0 : Great knowledge, Great personality
5.0 : Great guy, very nice and helpful during office hours. Cares about the material he teaches, asks a lot in class if everyone understands/if there is any confusion. Sometimes goes pretty fast in lecture but his homework problems are easier so it evens out. Try to go to office hours/get outside help though because this is inherently a difficult course.
3.5 : My review is a little biased because I took the course over the summer. DO NOT take AME526 over the summer. There is way too much info &amp; material to cram into your brain &amp; just not enough time. We had insane HWs and exams in the same week. Due to time constraints exams were scheduled on a non-lecture day &amp; we'd still have to go to both classes.
5.0 : A teacher that really gets the usc students. Fun guy, always telling jokes to lighten up his lectures. Gives a lot of hw but it's pretty easy stuff which bumps your grade up a lot. Curves the class fairly. His lectures get a bit dull but he doesn't really care if u surf the internet in the back. Haha but I would pay attention. Overall great teacher
3.5 : Prof Walsh is awesome! Gives homework every week which is great for easy points, and his tests are super easy if you follow the review from the class before. Labs were also really easy. Show up to every class, it'll be worth it at the end of the semester when you're worrying about your grade!
5.0 : Professor Walsh is amazing! He doesn't expect memorization aside from the definitions, gives a formula sheet for all exams, and has an extensive exam review before each one. His jokes are sometimes painful, but he is enthusiastic and really wants students to understand what they're learning. Sign-in sheet for attendance, so come!
5.0 : Love him! Funny and cares. He's available whenever he's not in class. Will answer questions during a test, gives you a sample test beforehand that's almost exactly the test. Too much homework, but you can flub it constantly and still get credit. You can't make mistakes on labs however. Tells funny jokes (a little long) to break up the monotony.
5.0 : Professor Walsh is by far one of the best professors at USC.  He's incredibly clear and explains everything in a way that makes sense and is applicable to our daily lives.  He's always telling jokes.  He's really nice and kind and definitely cares about his students.  I hope I get to have him again.  He's INCREDIBLE!
2.0 : Lectures feel really long and are super boring. The labs/homework are easy and are great grade boosters. I did well but I had some prior knowledge of statistics and don't really feel like I learned much from him. If I'd had to learn everything for the first time from him I'm not sure if I would have done as well.
5.0 : Prof. Walsh is probably one of my favorite professors at USC. Take this class if you're really interested in gaining some important life skills. He is also hilarious, and his lectures are well-structured.
5.0 : Professor Walsh makes material easy to understand and is extremely patient. He has been teaching for a long time so he knows what works and what doesn't -- trust his method and you will easily get an A.
5.0 : Intelligent, helpful and caring. He is an exceptional professor. He does not watch you kill yourself to get a good grade. Instead, he helps you get the material and do well. Helpful office hours. Definitely recommended!
5.0 : I am a student that is bad at math and got an A-. Professor Walsh was amazing he was so clear and makes sure you understand the material. The lecture was monotone but he would tell jokes throughout. The tests were just like the questions he covers in the review. Go to Class and reviews (so helpful) and do your hw and go to lab and you will pass!
5.0 : Dr. Walsh's class was super enjoyable. He would often tell jokes when the material gets boring and gives us what he wants to see on the exam. Be sure to go to the review the class section right before exam and pay attention. Aside from exams, he's also very helpful and won't mind explaining any questions you have about the subject.
5.0 : Dr. Walsh made stats bearable. He truly cares about students and helping them succeed. Kind of fatherly. He breaks the material down in ways that are relevant and understandable.
5.0 : Lots of assigned book homework, but if you do it all, you're guaranteed to pass with flying colors. The homework is designed to help you do well on tests. He offers review sessions before exams that feature almost identical test questions to the midterms. He loves to tell lame jokes that make your eyes roll. Made a boring subject actually tolerable
4.0 : He was a very funny professor. His lectures were kind of boring, but he told jokes in the middle of them. All his powerpoints were uploaded online. His powerpoints were clear and so was he. Test questions are exactly like the ones he worked through in class. Very lenient with homework. Labs are very easy as well.
5.0 : Dr. Gothold is a Trojan treasure.
3.0 : Professor Finlay has great ratings before and friends told me he was an interesting professor so I took his class. The lectures were pretty boring and we usually spent too long on each discussion so we would have to cover the material we didn't finish in the next class period - we were always behind the syllabus the entire semester.
3.0 : "OK" is the best one-word explanation there is for his teaching - nothing particularly exciting, but nothing much to complain about, either. One thing to note is that he encourages a bit too much discussion in class from the same students, and tended to ramble, making his lectures always feel like they go on 30 minutes longer than they needed to.
4.5 : Professor Finlay is fantastic. His class is really interesting and you cover a lot of topics. He makes it fun, listens to students, and is very approachable. He's really just a very kind, friendly, humble guy. One of my favorite classes and professors at USC; I'd recommend it to anyone, philosophy major or not!
5.0 : I took the Meaning of Life class as a GE, and it has been my favorite class in my college life. You learn so much, and I loved every class I attended.
5.0 : Dr. Finlay is fantastic! He cares enough to learn everyone's names, and addresses all students personally in lecture/ discussion. All of his lectures are well organized and thought-provoking. Readings are substantial, but mostly really interesting! Honestly this was my favorite class, and I am definitely not a philosophy major. 3 papers total.
4.0 : Typical GE. lectures seem really long, boring and just... okay. Assigns 3 papers of which only two count in final grade. 1 midterm. 1 final. 7 pop quizzes in discussions based on readings of which only 5 count towards final grade, and of course. Participation.
3.0 : Fine. Average. Normal. Typical GE. Prof is always open to after class discussions. However due to large class size interaction during lecture is almost impossible. Just follow what the prof tells you to do, go to the lectures and take notes and you will be fine.
5.0 : He is simply the best! Take him if you want your life to change for the better!
3.0 : This class is really self taught. You don't need to go to lecture- but sometimes it helps. The people who do the most practice problems get A's.
2.0 : Sick accent, smart man, but not a great professor for this course (he usually teaches upper divs). Learned from the book, not through his lectures.
5.0 : The absolute best accounting professor at USC.  Cecil cares about every student and is very generous when it comes to grading.
2.5 : Cecil lectures, but occasionally allows in class time to work through problems. Overall, you'll end up teaching yourself from the book. The lectures aren't really that helpful.
5.0 : Humorous
4.0 : Jackson is clearly very knowledgeable about fraud. Class has 1 midterm &amp; 1 final (45% each). You must memorize a lot before exams (i.e. all the methods of fraud for  and the signals for each company). The exams are tough, but since they are worth a lot, you really need to do well on them if you want a good grade. Buy the book. The curve is ok.
4.5 : One midterm, one group paper, one final.  The class is almost entirely memorization, but if you take the time to go to lecture and pay attention, very minimal studying is required.  Jackson really drills the information that he finds important in--literally repeating it over and over.  Midterm is super straight forward, final was a little harder
3.0 : If you are looking for a easy class, don't take this one. Expect a lot of memorization for the two exams (midterm and final). Using flash cards is the best way to study. Class alone is not very helpful if you don't  do any reading or review. But interesting subject though.
3.0 : While Jackson is a great professor, this class was horrible. Because his exams were too easy, everyone did about the same in the class grade wise. This meant that because of the Marshall curve, most people ended up with the average grade (B+). So even though it's an easy class, it's hard to do well. Would not recommend.
5.0 : She understands why we have theatre. She connects us to a universal place, the art spirit.
4.5 : She is one of the best professors at USC. So enthusiastic about directing and crazy creative. She excepts you to respect the craft and work hard. Very friendly and approachable if you're taking the class seriously. A must take.
5.0 : If you're serious about directing or serious about theatre in general, you have to take Steph. Her class isn't easy and you only get out of it as much as you put into it, but in the end she's a fantastic professor and a great connection to have for the future.
5.0 : Professor Musso is a sweetheart that cares about her students and teaching. She is firm on deadlines but can be reasonable (Professor Musso is very approachable). Her lectures can be filled with policy jargon at times, but they are very interesting if you keep an open mind during instruction. I recommend her if you want to be challenged.
5.0 : He is just soooo awesome! He is super caring. He took all of us to brunch once instead of having class. I mean, movies during class, no homework, no paper, no exams. Highly recommended! Even if you think you are not interested in western movies, this class is super enjoyable.
5.0 : Eric Rawson is one of the best professors I've had a USC. He brings real enthusiasm to classes, knows his stuff, and can teach it well. You will have an especially good experience if you talk to Mr. Rawson outside of class about your writing skills. I got to write about topics I was truly excited about under a teacher who truly helped me improve.
4.0 : He's pretty good and you'll learn.
5.0 : Professor Rawson was easily the best professor I have taken in my time at USC. While he assigns a decent amount of homework, he is very flexible if a student has a valid reason to merit an extension. He lays out the entire course in the schedule he hands out the first day of class and sticks to it, only possibly removing assignments. 100% recommend
5.0 : He's an amazing professor - best I've had at USC thus far.  He is really nice and is extremely smart- he is very laid back and is pretty lenient / understanding. Definitely recommend this course.
5.0 : Eric Rawson is stellar! He is so intelligent, he knows about every topic and is very open minded and liberal. He grades fairly and definitely, makes you work for your grade. I was never able to get an A but was never discouraged to try again. I feel honored to take his class and will take it again in the future.
4.0 : He was amazing
5.0 : Definitely incredibly smart. He knows what he''s talking about for sure. He might seem a bit disconnected at times as he is very clearly always in the world of academia.  Knows his stuff but grading can seem arbitrary at times and not very objective. Overall great professor pushes his kids for the best and gives great lectures so to speak.
5.0 : Great professor who really allows discussion and informed to debate to occur. He never tests on anything that he doesn't specifically inform you about. Always makes good points and expands any discussion.
4.5 : I'm really glad I ended up in Rawson's writing class. The class across the board is difficult but Rawson makes it more than manageable. Though  Rawson assigns more "homework" than other professors for participation, he gives great feedback on your paper because he takes the time to actually read through each draft and give useful advice.
5.0 : I took him Fall 2016 for WRIT150 (Technology and Social Change) and he was the best! Challenged us often to think about the "why" behind our thesis and topic statements. Incredibly intelligent. Graded the final papers leniently. Will take him again for WRIT340 if possible.
5.0 : Smartest and best professor I've ever had at USC. I really wish he taught more classes. He's also very understanding and gives a reasonable workload. Please take him if you can.
4.5 : Care about students. Interesting lectures.
5.0 : Professor Meeks's enthusiasm for the subject and care for the students definitely shows when she presents material. Her lectures, although at times slightly disjointed, cover material all material that shows up on tests. Regular attendance and the required weekly responses make the midterm, final, and essays quite easy. Highly recommend this class.
4.0 : As long as you do the readings and really try to understand them, you should be fine. I didn't even show up to half of the lectures and still got an A because I read all the readings, but going to class definitely helps.
4.0 : Professor Meeks was amazing! She is passionate about the material she teaches. It is not an easy class but it is definitely doable. The material is tough to grasp at first but Professor Meeks explains it very thoroughly in lecture. You will do well if you attend lecture. I highly recommend any class she teaches!
1.5 : For a GE course, it's okay.  Could be more interesting.  Too many guest speakers becomes distracting.  No real course direction.  Meeks  sweet but tries too hard to please students.
5.0 : There is no denying that there are lots of readings. However, the readings themselves are interesting. Honestly, you get out of this class what you put in. You can pass this class by reading and memorizing at the very end, but you won't learn much. Alternatively, if you put in consistent effort, there is also a lot to be gained.
5.0 : Professor Meeks is a super friendly and approachable teacher who cares about her students! She is very understanding and offers plenty of extra credit. She also gave review packets for the exam detailing exactly what information we would need to know. This class is reading heavy, but you can get by doing the readings required for the weekly papers.
4.0 : Absolutely loved the class.   There were a lot of reading assignments, but the material was worth reading. You could still do well on the tests if you don't read everything.  DEFINITELY attend the discussion sections.  They were extremely valuable.
5.0 : I took this class my freshman year in fall 2012. I really enjoyed her class! She was very nice and although there's a good amount of readings, if you keep up, you'll do well. The papers are a bit difficult, but if you go to office hours, she helps you work through concepts. I learned a lot about Buddhism that I didn't know before! Recommended!
5.0 : Took this class last year and I loved it! It was my first seminar class and Professor Meeks made premodern literature incredibly interesting. In the beginning, it was really intimidating to take a 400 level class but Professor Meeks is very helpful and is very fair with grading. Make sure to talk to her!
5.0 : Dr. Meeks is enthusiastic and really makes Japanese lit. shine. Wouldn't say that it's an "easy" class, but if you put in the effort and participate in the discussions, it will pay off. And though there's a good amount of writing and reading involved, it isn't overwhelming. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Professor Meeks is awesome. She is very knowledgeable about her field and a very nice person in general. She may sound repetitive at times, but I have noticed she only repeats things that will be on the exams - so it is actually helpful. Definitely recommend it. Also, she is the chair of the Department, so all of her events have food and drinks :)
2.0 : This class was much more difficult than I expected. Your success in the course is based almost entirely on your understanding of the many Buddhist texts that are assigned as readings. There are weekly discussion papers due (14 in total) along with two projects, a midterm, and a final exam. Lectures are sloppy, but going to class helps.
5.0 : Prof. Meeks was a great lecturer and easy to follow. If you didn't understand a concept she was easily approachable during class and outside of class. The midterm and final were difficult, but overall a very interesting class.
5.0 : Would take it again
5.0 : Nick is a great guitar teacher and very nice man! I really learn a lot from him and master many basic skills of guitar. I plan to take at least 3 of his course(120b, 120c, 120d) for deep learning of guitar in the rest three years of university.
5.0 : I've taken guitar classes before but NIck's class is the most helpful in helping me grasp the techniques and theory behind guitar playing. His way of teaching actually made me look forward to going to class. He has so many unintentional and interesting life lessons every class that i'm always curious about what he has to say that day.
5.0 : Great guy, really cares, and wants you to succeed. Take this class!!
5.0 : I love him so much. He is the best professor at USC. His really funny and thoughtful. Even thought I didn't know how to play the guitar, I learned a lot. Take this class!
5.0 : He's awesome and will help you with whatever question you have.  He's a very, very nice guy, and if you don't know the subject, you'll come out learning a lot.  His exams are brutal, but he curves them heavily.
5.0 : Highly recommended. Challenges your thinking
4.0 : Professor Boehm is very excellent and kind. If you have no software development experience, you may feel a little abstract to understand the lecture. But the lectures he  given are very helpful and useful.
5.0 : Best professor, ever. Definitely recommended.
5.0 : Amazing insights that last beyond  the class
4.0 : This is a great class for all students interested in finishing an architecture degree but would rather not work as an architect as a career. Doug brings in a lot of great guests to talk about their careers and it's really helpful to those who's lost. Really long writing assignments though.
5.0 : The project was a visitors center at Joshua Tree National park.  The best part of studio was camping there.
5.0 : Doug Noble founded the Ph.D. program in the Architecture school and he teaches all the classes.  Doug is super dedicated to all of us in the program.  He really tries to scare us into working harder, but we know he is too nice inside to actually threaten us.  We work hard because we like him.
5.0 : This is a MUST TAKE class for all architecture students. Great professor with so many guest speakers with a various architectural-field career (helpful advice every class). Who would've known that there are so many career in this field. Very inspirational and this class might actually change your point of view on some things you didn't consider.
3.5 : He is a nice professor, likes to make jokes, seems easygoing. But I think it is not real, he is not too close to students. He just pretends to laugh or ask how you are when you run into each other. His class is very useful though, he does teach lots of important principles of animation.  He spends lots of time posting things on his facebook...
5.0 : Sito is awesome. He sometimes doesn't give clear directions, but he is a super chill guy and the class is really easy. Tests are basically just quizzes on the book he wrote. He is a funny guy with amazing stories, and is highly regarded in the animation industry. The movies he shows in class are great. Best GE ever.
5.0 : Great professor. He's super passionate about what he teaches and makes the class super interesting. You basically watch TV during the whole lecture. You don't have to read. 1 midterm, final and term paper. You get a whole page of notes front and back on the midterm and final. This class is so easy and interesting! TAKE IT!!
5.0 : He is one of the greatest professors at USC. I took his classes for both film music and television music and both classes were extremely helpful, even though you may not be particularly interested in film/television music. He is very fun, knows what he's talking about, and motivates his students to go to his lecture. Highly recommend his classes!
5.0 : He is the best. I can't wait to take another one of his courses. Just 2 tests and a film music analysis. He is the biggest journalist in film music and really knows his stuff. Much respect for this homie.
5.0 : MUSC 465 with Professor Jon Burlingame is the best class I've taken at USC. He is incredibly knowledgeable and his lectures are exciting. He is an expert on music supervision and its potential for cultural impact. This was a class I was excited to go to twice a week. I highly suggest MUSC 465 and Jon Burlingame for anyone considering!
5.0 : LOVED this class. Jon's sense of humor and immense knowledge of film music made me appreciate the music even more. Has lots of interesting stories since he still works in the industry. Only 2 exams and a paper, which is good and bad. He doesn't post stuff on blackboard so make sure to go to class or have someone give you notes if you miss.
1.0 : Not accessible outside of class, spends 90% of time talking about topics irrelevant to the topic. VERY vague on grading and gives absolutely NO guidelines. Take his class if you want to do a moderate amount of work for a B (but you MUST talk in class). Will only give out one A to the entire class. I highly don't recommend him if you want an A.
4.5 : Super laid back, very sarcastic, very understanding of college students and their issues. Like the grandpa you want to have. Quizzes directly from reading, easy papers that are very open-ended. Highly recommend as a GE.
5.0 : Amazing
5.0 : This class had ALOT of homework. Be prepared to turn in hw every single lecture period, with some big assignments ("milestones") that we only had about a weekend to finish sometimes. Overall intensive course but EE355 has been a breeze because of that. He's also super helpful during office hours and pays attention to individual needs. Recommended
5.0 : Hilarious and laid back professor. His TAs were amazing. For tests, you had to write code on paper, which was probably the hardest part of the class. I was worried at the start, because I knew nothing about coding, but Gupta made the class fun. Now I enjoy coding.
5.0 : Professor Anderson is amazing! Clear, great insight, killer discussions, and she's so sweet! She brought us food to class. The class is easy overall. Not much work during the semester, just one huge paper at the end. Take this class! Take her!
5.0 : Prof Anderson is really sweet, and really knowledgable! She was an amazing professor, especially for first semester students in Thematic Option. Her classes are very discussion based and fun, and her quizzes and the final were pretty easy, if you do the reading. I really enjoyed this class, and she is one of my favorite professors at USC!
5.0 : Professor Anderson is so sweet. She honestly makes it a joy to attend lecture, even early in the morning. Class is discussion-based, but always super interesting (even if it's pre-1800 lit) because she knows her stuff and relates the texts to present day. Very little work aside from reading up until the long final paper (10+ pages).
4.5 : Professor Anderson is wonderful. She's always there for students. Her class is an achievable A if you work for it. She has plenty of office hours and loves to chat with students. Lectures can be long sometimes but are usually fun because they're discussion based.
4.5 : Professor Anderson was my favorite teacher this year!! Even though i didn't like all of the books we read, she really makes them interesting and bases her class on discussion. She is understanding, kind, funny, and warns you about pop quizzes. Her final is a take-home, she is a really fair grader, and office hours rock. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
5.0 : Professor Anderson's course is what every English class should be. Clear direction, plenty of discussion, and she's a genius. You always feel like your opinions matter, but you'll end up leaving the classroom smarter than you were when you came in. I can't rate her highly enough. Take any of her classes at every opportunity--for English or GE's.
5.0 : An excellent teacher. You will be graded fairly, her feedback on papers is useful, and she incorporates really enjoyable and thought-provoking projects into the course.
4.0 : Great professor. Gives good comments and feedback on papers. Allows rewrites. Fun class.
5.0 : Great professor! Really enjoyed this class and hearing different ideas from classmates. She really remembers your ideas and builds on it with other students. The theme of the class on performance is also an interesting social-psychological idea.  Overall, great class experience.
5.0 : A true gem of an English professor. Her class is the way all English classes should be: discussion based with useful pockets of insight from the prof. Tons of reading, but manageable most of the time. Pushes you to be your best &amp; actually helps you reach it. Cannot praise her highly enough. Wish I could have her for every class. 10/10 recommend!
5.0 : Professor Anderson is an amazing professor. There is not a day that goes by in her class that you don't feel like you learned something compelling. She makes even the most boring books seem interesting and captivating. Definitely take her course. I cannot stress or praise her phenomenal teaching skills enough.
5.0 : the best in my two years! he is brilliant and you learn a whole new way of thinking.
5.0 : amazing class, was very disappointed when it ended. Professor Bhambri has great insight and teaches in a way that prepares you for the real world. I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : A true teacher and an intellect. Take notes to prep for exams &amp; papers, plus she's eloquent and insightful. Relatively high standards for grading, but I'd say she's a fair grader, because of what she offers to the class. Often extended her office hrs to help us (even gave free points on tests). Take her, and take her again before you graduate.
1.0 : Very disappointing class, with too much work and too little information.
4.5 : Loveliest teacher. Deeply insightful, good sense of humor, extraordinarily nice. Reading can be pretty heavy, but it's worth it in the end.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and passionate. Adores student input, and always encourages discussions within class. Readings are written in old english, so it takes extra effort to get in the reading. The exams are a pinch if you read the materials. Papers are alot harder, but she's very willing to help you on them during office hours. Somewhat disorganized.
5.0 : Great professor. You'll learn a lot from taking her class. Make sure you review the reading before each lecture because she stays on track with her course plan and she will go over it in depth and expect people to contribute in discussion. She's amazing!
5.0 : Professor Stanford  was very passionate about the subject and made lectures very interesting. It is necessary to attend all lectures because notes are not posted online and the textbook is not used much. The tests were primarily memorization and were not too difficult. However, be prepared to memorize many scientific names.
4.5 : Take this class during the fall or whenever Stanford is teaching it. The class is much easier when he's teaching. Tests are completely lecture based. There's a paper for the Goodall book which ended up being 1 page. There's 3 extra credit opportunities.  Tests get pretty specific. Easy for an HBIO major, if you don't like science beware.
4.0 : His lectures are really interesting, but it is a lot of memorizing.
4.0 : AMAZING! This class almost made me quit public policy to go study chimpanzees and fossils. Your grade isn't based on much, so don't expect and easy A. But the content in the class paired with is knowledge and experience makes it very interesting. He worked under Jane Goodall... he's legit.
3.0 : Decent professor but the class is just such a waste of time. The majority of the time you learn about completely useless things. Non engaging at all majority of the time. Tests are extremely nit-picky and illogical. It is a useless memorization class at its core. I would not take it if I could go back in time.
4.0 : Dr. Stanford makes it clear at the start that questions for exams will come from his lectures, but he doesn't post the lecture slides on BB. Thus, while attendance is not mandatory, it is HIGHLY recommended that you go to class and take notes. Overall,  a hard but engaging class.
5.0 : Really great teacher/very interesting class. It is not an easy course, but if you put in the work, you will get a good grade. Would highly recommend to take as a GE. The class is also curved at the end.
4.0 : Professor Stanford is a great professor. This course itself is pretty interesting and useful if you embrace it/actually try to learn. NOT an easy class,your grade basically relies on 3 midterms which are of pretty decent - high difficulty every time. If you really put in extra time, effort, and are studious, you can get an A. If not, you won't.
5.0 : Stanford is a top tier professor. Class is fascinating and he teaches the material beautifully. Not that hard either, just memorize what he tells you to.
2.0 : The class is terrible. Take it Pass/No Pass or do not take it at all. It has so much potential to be an interesting or engaging class, but instead it is a complete waste of time and useless. You learn about completely meaningless things, and the tests are based on elementary memorization skills. It's a junior high class. Avoid at all costs.
5.0 : Literally hardest GE I've taken at USC. Class is fun, grades are not. Avoid unless you are either REALLY interested in ANTH or does not care about ur GPA.
5.0 : Took Origin of Humanity as a GE and loved it! The lectures were interesting and he really knows his materials. The exams ARE hard, but if you put in the extra effort, it's  possible to get an A. Class is curved, but if you're really worried about your grade and you still want to take this class, taking it as a Pass/No Pass is always an option.
3.5 : Professor Stanford is a great teacher and the lectures are very interesting. With that being sad, he is not very nice if you go into his office hours or burden his email inbox with questions. Do not take this class if you don't have to, but if you do have to, it's not that bad.
5.0 : Stanford is the best! His class was hard but he as clear as you can possibly be. The tests were only from the lectures. But he likes to test you on the minute details bc he assumes you're gonna study the bigger concepts anyways. He also makes fun of religious people a lot but being Christian, I was fine. 3 tests, no hw, some EC, no essays, 2 novels
4.5 : By far the toughest class Ive taken at USC, probably tougher than most of the upper divs I've taken. That being said, his lectures are very interesting. Take very good notes because he doesn't post it online and the three exams are based off of the notes. Be prepared to memorize various scientific names (mostly in latin). Go to his/TA office hours!
4.0 : This class was easily the hardest class I've taken at USC. I would use your pass/fail for this GE for sure. The class was very test heavy, basically only graded on 3 tests (no final). And if you don't attend lecture, you will fail. He doesn't post the slides on Blackboard so you have to go and pay attention. He's a good professor though.
2.0 : This is one of the hardest GE's offered in USC. The class consists of 3 midterms and 3 E.C. that is worth 1 point. (doesn't make a differences) I personally suggest no one takes this class for a GE. Take it pass/fail  if you are going to end up taking it . Midterms are based off of the lecture notes, but lectures consist of long boring stories.
5.0 : he is humorous in a natural way, making the class much more interesting. class is not the hardest among natural science GE,  the grading system is very reasonable with many extra credit options.
5.0 : Professor Stanford is really clear and very interesting to listen to. His class is pretty hard, but his lectures are actually interesting and worthwhile. He bases his tests mainly off the lectures so attendance is suggested but not required.
5.0 : Prof Stanford is very clear and hilarious in his own right. Take good notes and study hard, it will be an easy A. Don't take it if your don't like to memorize a lot of information.
5.0 : Avoid this class. Way too much memorization. Probably one of the hardest classes i've taken at USC and way too hard for a GE. Tests (multiple choice, fill in blank, essay) based on lectures and article readings. Don't take if you have another class that requires a lot of memorization. Good professor, interesting lectures, tests are insanely hard.
5.0 : Stanford is a really clear and helpful professor. The lectures are interesting and he is engaging. 3 midterms worth 90% and readings every week with brief notes to make sure you did them. It was the smallest workload for a GE I've had and not that hard IMO but I am interested in the subject so I am biased. You should be good at memorization.
4.0 : Great professor! Very helpful!
5.0 : AMAZING professor! She is super nice and understand with her students. LOVED her class and plan to take more from her.
5.0 : Prof. Jewell teaches through story telling. She has lots of professional experience to draw from and she makes the concepts easy to understand through lots of examples and stories. She's down to earth and relatable.
5.0 : Prof. Jewell is one of the most unique teachers I have had. We didn't had only one or two PowerPoint lecture, but her teaching style made the information easy to understand. She is practice heavy... PARTICIPATE! Participation will help you get more out of the class than not. Honestly, this is the one class each week I am honestly excited for
4.0 : Very opinionated and focused on the students. Hard class but she's hilarious. I didn't do any of the reading and passed.
5.0 : Great insight and unique teaching style make every class she teaches invigorating.
4.5 : Probably the best professor in the school of social work. One of the few that, in my opinion, expects graduate school level work.
5.0 : She's just the best. Whip-smart, interesting, engaging presenter, kind, brings in speakers of all different cultural backgrounds. Very accessible and open to meeting students where they're at. She will challenge you to examine your views until you develop your professional identity. Also a sweetheart! Meet with her one-on-one - it's very helpful.
5.0 : Stephanie is one of the best teachers I have encountered at USC. She's extremely intelligent, caring, and dedicated. She's really invested in helping people learn, and takes the time with each student to make sure they're ok. The course load is intense, but she is always there to give helpful feedback. Overall, she's an awesome person and teacher.
5.0 : Stephanie is one of the best teachers I have had at USC! She truly cares about the students and their works, and she devotes much time outside of class to providing feedback. The course load is pretty intense, so it's not for the faint-heart, but if you put lots of efforts into the class, you will get so much out of it. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Class was better than I expected. C. Adler was very helpful and the class was fun.
4.5 : This class helped me with my Am Studies class. Overall a good experience
1.0 : Terrible! Dismissive and contemptuous towards students. Avoid her if you can.
4.5 : Don't freak out after the 1st paper grade. Go to the Book Festival on campus to get extra Credit.
5.0 : Fun but offbeat topics for papers. Has a midterm unlike most writing classes. Lots of office meetings.
4.5 : Conference times were great. Very helpful. Too many papers.  Would rather have 1-2 long papers with more time to research.
4.0 : I am an international student and writing class was not easy to me. However, she was very willing to help me all the time. Good professor. Has great extra credit offers. I got a B+ at first but a good talk with her earned me an A- in the end.
4.0 : She provides lots of office hours and conferences . Her grading is hard but seems to get easier at the end of the semester. She is overall pretty good for this class.
5.0 : Very understanding of students and often pushed back deadlines to accommodate students. Cares more about quality work than on time papers. Good writing conferences and super helpful in one-on-one sessions. Conferences are more rewarding and feedback is better if you participate in class (so he knows your personalitywriting style better).
1.0 : I felt like he was dismissive of my concerns--like he belittled me when I came to him with problems.
1.0 : Condescending and rude. He claims to be sympathetic to under-represented people but it comes across as hollow. Avoid his class.
1.0 : Tries to connect with you by allowing you to call him by his first name. Claims to be slammed with work when you go to him for help.
5.0 : John is one of my favorite professors at USC. I dreaded taking WRIT 340, but it ended up being my favorite class of the semester. He always brought in interesting reading material and provoked stimulating conversation in the classroom. Very casual, cool environment. Put in genuine effort and you will do well. Take his class!!!
5.0 : John is one of the greatest writing professors at USC. He treats you more as a friend than as a student, and you will do well if you put in the work. If you take advantage of his office hours, you'll do great!
5.0 : John is one of the best professors I have had at USC. He creates an incredible class environment where I felt like I became friends with the other people in my class. Writing topics are very interesting, paper workshops don't feel like a waste of time, and peer feedback is always implemented/encouraged. Best writing class I have ever taken
3.0 : Taught the first half of BISC-120 this fall. Slides are somewhat interesting. Don't slack in this class. If you do you're digging your own grave.
2.5 : She goes off topic a lot and is solely focused on proving that evolution is true and is indisputable to the class. Nice lady, somewhat friendly, but not a good lecturer and material was covered slowly, in long, lengthy powerpoints
4.0 : Her free responses are tricky in the sense that you'll have to be extremely specific/ similar to her slides. At first I didn't appreciate Edmands, but the next two lecturers are even worse. Shes the most fair of the 3 anyways.
2.0 : Edmands is an appalling lecturer: she reads right off her slides and shows videos in class to explain the things she is unable to. She spends way too much time discussing simple topics like "why evolution is legit" while whipping through complex topics like mei-/mitosis in half a lecture. You're better off teaching yourself from the book.
3.5 : Her slides are quite straightforward so it's OK to miss several classes. She teaches a bit fast and is hard to follow if you sit at the behind of the classroom.
4.5 : She is a super sweet lady and her lectures are very easy to follow.  Got an A on the midterm just from going through her power points and memorizing terms.  Great teacher
5.0 : Very great professor. She cares about students. Exam was straight forward. Study the slides and you're good.
3.0 : Suzanne is not necessarily great, but not terrible either. She taught the class expecting her students to have prior background knowledge on certain things which is irritating. She does not include lots of info in slides, so go to lecture. Not an easy A at all. Read the textbook and DO PROBLEMS ON MASTERING BIO because some are used on exams.
3.0 : I personally never took Bio before entering this class and it was the hardest class that I've ever taken. She reads straight out from the lectures but she does hold office hours and they do help. The textbook is needed in order to understand the concepts.
4.0 : She was a decent prof who added supplemental info to the slides she presented on, so her lectures were worth attending. The next prof is a very dry lecturer who literally only reads off the slides, so enjoy Edmands while you can. Tests were very detailed- I would suggest skimming the textbook to help with studying! Start studying early too!
4.5 : Extremely clear lectures, her midterm was very easy but the flock of wannabe pre-med bio majors turned in an underwhelming performance, so this is your chance to prove you can handle college level bio. You won't realize how easy her segment is until it's gone, so take it while you can.
4.0 : Dr. Edmands is evidently passionate about what she is teaching, especially the marine bio side of the class. She is always willing to answer questions during and after lecture. Her lectures follow the book pretty closely and the tests reflect what was covered in lecture very well.
4.0 : Her slides are amazing! very clear but not too much information. Go to lecture to get the rest of the information. Very smart and caring
4.5 : I didn't realize how clear she was until I got the other two professors for the remainder of bio120. Her slides are simple, easy to follow, and engaging
4.0 : Professor Edmands is probably the best out of the BISC-120 teachers. She's very kind and passionate about her work, and the tests, though difficult, reflect the lectures very well.
3.5 : I really regret taking this class P/NP. First few weeks seeming very confusing but mid terms and paper turned out to be very easy. As it gets closer to test time Kammas will make it very clear whats goning to be on the exam. Try to get Brandon Johns as your TA if you can. He's very helpful and an easy grader.
5.0 : Kammas is not a professor; he is mentor. He doesn't teach you WHAT to think  but he teaches you HOW to think. Incredibly knowledgeable man yet very humble. You can get into discussions with him and he will love it. He truly expands your horizons. As he says" Have the courage to use your own reason". BTW all girls in my class have a crush on him!
4.5 : He's a professor that forces you to look at a certain subject you thought you had a grasp on in a very different way. His style is captivating to some, incredibly frustrating to others. I enjoyed every class because he provokes you to reassess some of what you thought were your already-established beliefs. He engages his classes like very few can.
3.0 : I took this class because it was the only one that fit in my schedule, and it's been one of the easiest courses I've taken. The lectures themselves are relatively dense due to Kammas's incredible knowledge on the subject, but test's are just definitions and and an essay, so if you pay attention in discussion, you can ace the class without reading.
4.5 : Extremely respected professor, absolutely brilliant and really broadens your mind and perception of reality. The material can go straight over your head if you don't take good notes in class and a least skim the spark notes. A lot of reading, but overall thought the course was enjoyable and interesting. Would take again. Also he's v attractive
1.0 : I had an A- through the whole semester and ended up with a B because I got a 40% on the participation grade even though I went to every single class. Even if I didnt say much in my class as that has never been my style, 40% really? 60% is already an F and I wouldve had B+ with it and A- with 70% I emailed him and he emails back a sarcastic response
5.0 : Kammas gave me a new outlook on American ideology and life in general, everyone who took this class said they had a whole new perspective on things.  He's an awesome lecturer because he is so well spoken and intelligent but he just talks to the class rather than using a power point.  However TA's have all the control over your grade in the class.
5.0 : This is one of the most eye opening, incredible classes I've ever taken. You will walk out of every lecture in awe. The readings are important, but I got away with skimming them and finding summaries online because what really matters is Kammas' interpretation of them.
2.5 : The class is extremely boring! The good thing is you don't have to show up to the lectures. but there are 4 pop quizzes which is worth 20% of your grade. drops the worst two quizzes which is great. Once you pass two quizzes, your solid. Midterm, Final and quizzes are based off spark notes, or wikipedia. one essay due at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Posc 110 was not only the best class I have ever taken at USC, but it actually changed my life. Years later, I decided to make this review because i legit think of the lessons I learned from kammas almost every day. I changed my whole life plan because of this class. Opened my eyes so much, so thankful. Take it!
4.0 : Overall the class is great! Kammas has great lectures and talks about the reading assigned after every class. He gives pop quizzes on the reading which are not hard at all if you read. There are 6 pop quizzes and 2 are dropped, and there are 5-6 essays which you pick 3 to do. Essays are opinion based and he hates research based papers.
4.5 : Kammas is incredible. He is so knowledgeable and his lectures are very clear and extremely helpful. The reading is dense and most always confusing but Kammas always lectures so well to sum up the reading that everything is straight forward and easy to understand. He is just brilliant. The class is very chill too. Would HIGHLY recommend.
5.0 : Hands down best class I've ever taken at USC - poli sci major or not, this class will change your life.
5.0 : Kammas is the most influential professor I've ever had. His knowledge bank in regards to politics &amp; history is immense and inspiring, yet not intimidating. He makes it very easy to learn and to grow, and he wants his students to be better - he doesn't really care about research grants or any of that, he's truly there for you. 1010 would recommend
4.0 : He's an extremely intelligent and engaging professor. He has 6 random pop quizzes from readings which usually aren't too hard. Only complaint is that the readings and lectures can be dry at many points.
2.5 : I'm not sure if the problem is with the material or with the way he explained  the material, but I found that he explained esoteric concepts in a very roundabout manner that was very difficult to understand. The readings are incredibly dry, dense, and serious. The pop quizzes are not hard at all, nor are the 6-7 pg papers (of which there are 3)
5.0 : Professor Kammas is hands down one of the best and brightest professors at USC. However, he is not afraid to push his students to work for their grades. Several papers and pop quizzes all count toward your grade. Really nice guy and is willing to help outside of class. Lectures are interesting and relevant
4.5 : Hands down the best professor. If you're looking to take a POSC course, make sure you take him. You begin to think beyond the box-raising your level of critical analysis skills. It's not a walk-in-the-park, you have to work for it. Go to office hours, talk to him, and he'll recognize your efforts. A genius as well as the best teacher at SC.
5.0 : Best professor and best class at USC.
5.0 : He's a great professor!
3.0 : His lectures are pretty interesting, but the first part of lectures are always pretty boring. You definitely have to read the assigned reading if you wish to do good on quizzes. Not an easy A in my opinion, very good chance of getting an A- though even if you mess up in the begining.
4.5 : The class is hard, but only during midterm and final. Midterm paper, test; final paper, test. Weekly quizzes (monday) on biblical readings ONLY. You don't really have to attend Wednesday lectures. I only used the textbooks for my papers and tests. As others have said, help will be there if you need it. TAs where awesome.
4.0 : Prof. Zuckerman gives interesting lectures, has a just and forgiving grading policy, and has a pleasant personality. The beginning of REL111 is fun - he tells a lot of stories, outlines the history well and has a clear theme. However, the second half of the course is not as coherent; its lectures are off topic. New Testament understanding is lower.
4.0 : Weekly quizzes on the readings; midterm and final based on the lectures; two papers, both on topics of your choice. Going to class is a must, as is thorough note-taking, because the exams are based entirely on lectures. Quizzes sometimes ask about frustratingly minute details in the readings. Professor very willing to help with papers/questions.
1.5 : Zuckerman is brilliant; he is fewest in several languages and knows the course material inside and out.  However, this was without a doubt the worst class I have taken at USC.  His lectures are incredibly boring and long since he just reads his notes word for word to the class, making it not only boring but challenging to follow.  DONT TAKE
3.5 : He expects a lot from you, but gives so much back. He is constantly available by phone or face to face which you should DEFINITELY take advantage from because he grades pretty hard on papers (not tests. if you study, tests aren't hard). Really opened my eyes to how interesting religion can be and he is SO experienced in the field it's almost unreal
3.5 : He was an extremely enthusiastic, energetic, and passionate professor who beyond simply being extremely knowledgeable on the subject matter of his class, also had extremely engaging lectures that captured the imaginations and critical thinking skills of all of his students. While the class is extremely difficult, he gives you the tools to succeed.
1.0 : Do not take this class. Professor Zuckerman mumbles along from his decades-old lecture notes. He gives mountains of reading--and then weekly quizzes on that reading. And they're not easy. This class is boring and not useful.
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman is super charismatic and very passionate and knowledgable on the subject matter. The reading list is great and it'll be very difficult to find another professor as knowledgable on the hebrew bible. Get ready to read, but otherwise a great class.
5.0 : He was great. Super difficult class and expect a ridiculous amount of reading, but if you work really hard you definitely can earn an A. He wants students to do well but makes you work really hard for it. On papers, he will help you out a ton, but he's not an easy grader. He gives you clear expectations for exams. Also, he didn't make us buy a book
4.5 : You should take a class with Professor Zuckerman. If you want to do well in this course, he will help you work for it. There is reading due once a week with a 10 question quiz, not hard if you read. He gives tons of extra credit opportunities: be sure to take him up on these. He will read and edit drafts. He is a great professor. Take the class.
5.0 : I personally loved his class. From the very first lecture I was awestruck by how knowledgable and passionate he was about the subject. (He makes *you* passionate about the subject, too)! That being said, he assigns *a lot* of reading, due on Mondays, and he assigns 10 question homework quizzes. 1 midterm, 1 final, 2 essays. He wants you to succeed!
3.5 : It was an interesting class and I can tell that Dr. Zuckerman is an incredibly insightful person, but the class seemed a bit repetitive at times. Also, even though I learned a lot more about the Bible, it felt like we missed out on some important parts of it, like the Exodus from Egypt
3.5 : Professor Zuckerman cares about his students and rewards them for honest, sincere effort. His lectures can be a bit monotonous as he just reads prewritten notes on a specific topic, but he is very knowledgeable about the topics he talks about.
2.5 : Professor Zuckerman is very knowledgeable and his connections between the reading and the literal Biblical words are very interesting. However the class itself was not interesting at all. The reading load is VERY heavy, the weekly quizzes are sometimes highly particular. The class itself is pretty easy but the lectures are very boring/monotonous.
3.5 : Professor Zuckerman was very helpful and very passionate about what he was teaching. He was also kind and willing to work with students. His class was difficult though because of two long papers and a difficult midterm and final. If you can listen and take good notes in lectures though, you'll be fine.
4.0 : His lectures can be kind of confusing and long-winded, but it is obvious he is passionate about what he teaches. He is a bit of a tough grader, but overall he wants to help and see his students succeed.
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman truly cares about his students. There are only two papers and he will HEAVILY edit each of them before you turn them in. He is also extremely chill about absences, late papers, and making up quizzes.
3.0 : The readings for the class are all really interesting, but there's just too much of it. An entire novel (in conjunction with an essay) assigned for a weekend is not doable.
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman is very fair and straightforward. You show up to class, you do your readings (they might seem like a lot, but it's definitely worth doing). Weekly quizzes are not too challenging. Overall, he is an excellent teacher that goes over the material well and has very clear expectations of what he wants to see in our work and writing.
4.0 : If you are interested in the Bible or Western literature (or both) you will love this class. Prof. Z is an incredible prof all around - intelligent, funny, inspirational. There is weekly readings and quizzes each week, but they aren't difficult. He will challenge you to think about the world in different ways. Best class I've ever had.
3.5 : Very knowledgeable and passionate about what he teaches. Straightforward quizzes, but readings are very long (e.g. 300+ page novel in one week). Extra credit available to help raise quiz grade, but most of your grade will be two papers and two exams. Take good notes, study with your classmates, and finish papers as early as possible for feedback.
5.0 : Professor Zuckerman is willing to help you get an A. He clearly outlines all expectations. There is a lot of reading and weekly quizzes but for the most part they're really easy. His lectures can be dry at times because he repeats material but it helps you remember it. Overall, the class isn't that bad for a GE.
5.0 : His class is hard and you do have to work in it, but all of hi grading is fair. He knows what he is talking about. He is there to help and he wants all of his students to get good grades, but he does make you work for it. The class was really interesting and I really enjoyed it. He is a really great professor.
4.5 : Professor Zuckerman is really knowledgeable and will always answer your questions in class. He repeats a lot of what he says which is tedious at first but when the test comes around it is very helpful. You have to write 2 papers for this course but he will edit full rough drafts and gives very helpful feedback and paper extensions if needed.
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman is very knowledgable about the subject material, but the lectures can be long and boring at times. There are weekly quizzes so you have to do the readings and it is important to listen to the discussions because they help a lot when writing the 2 essays, the midterm, and the final.
5.0 : I grew to love his teaching methods. Weekly quizzes based on silly questions seemed ridiculous, but they forced me to do my readings. Lectures were sometimes boring and quite redundant, but they too made a difference; I became more engaged through discussions, pushing past the basic layer of study on material. The first paper was (only) five pages
5.0 : Zuckerman is very knowledgeable and his lectures were interesting for the most part. His grading may be tough and very critical, but he'll always be there to help you out. Weekly quizzes will force you to do the readings, but it wasn't heavy and all available online. ALWAYS send him a paper draft for revision, you'll be surprised how much it helps.
5.0 : Zuckerman is very knowledgeable and his lectures were interesting for the most part. Weekly quizzes force you to do the readings, but it's not heavy and all available online. He may be a tough grader, but he's always willing to help you out. So always send him a draft of your paper for revision, you'll be surprised how much it helps.
4.5 : Professor Zuckerman is very helpful. He lays out what it takes to do well in the class clearly and concisely; he repeats this often so that you do not forget. He will read over your rough drafts which helps a lot in improving your grade. He is supportive and cares about his students. He wants his students to learn and score well in his class.
5.0 : One of Prof. Zuckerman's strongest selling points is that he is always, always willing to help you improve your grade. He is a tough (yet fair) grader, but is willing to accept countless essay drafts so that your work is the best it can be. Weekly quizzes force you to stay on top of the readings, but they're not terribly hard at all. Amazing Prof.
4.0 : Weekly quizzes, not too hard, but you have to do the reading. One 5-7 page paper, midterm, 10-15 term paper, and final. Midterm and final are super easy if you study the study guide. Papers are graded really hard but he reads drafts and is extremely helpful. Overall, you'll need to put in effort for the class. Was able to manage an A
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman is a good professor who has a lot of knowledge on the Hebrew Bible. That being said, it is a very boring class. If you are not interested in the subject, I do not recommend taking it, as your interest helps your grade. Overall, there are easier GE's to take.
3.0 : Difficult weekly quizzes on LONG readings. Lots of extra credit opportunities. His lectures are pretty boring and he tends to rant on stuff that doesn't really matter. I don't feel like I learned a ton in this class because the things that are discussed are very vague. ONE OF THE HARDEST GE's YOU CAN SIGN UP FOR.
4.5 : Aside from some lengthy reading, this class is great. Prof. Zuckerman is the most helpful prof I've ever had. He'll give all the feedback you need on rough drafts of essays, and is pretty charitable when it comes to fudging answers on the weekly quizzes. He's really nice too. Easy GE if you're ready to put the work in
4.0 : Bruce is a sweetheart but his lectures are painfully long and dry. He goes on random tangents, but he only writes down key terms on the board so you can tune out until he writes something down. There are weekly quizzes, but he allows you to make them up in office hours if you miss it. Easy GE if you put in some work.
4.0 : He is very accessible to talk to for help on papers and to solidify course understanding. Every Monday is a reading quiz based off 2-4 hours of reading worth 15% of the grade, which is annoying but the quizzes questions aren't that bad, and there is extra credit. There's also a midterm+final, a 5 page paper, and a 10 page paper. Easy B, harder A.
5.0 : He obviously really cares about his students. He's very knowledgeable about the subject matter. I personally feel that his lectures are really interesting in content although they are pretty slow paced. Nonetheless, class is quite entertaining. You do have to work for your grade but I enjoyed the topic so the research and outside work was fun.
4.0 : Professor zuckerman really cares about the topic he is teaching and gives good criteria for essays. Weekly reading quizzes. Not a difficult class but you definitely have to put in the effort.
4.0 : Very interesting and engaging lectures but no presentations to follow so attendance is more important. Reading quizzes weekly but not difficult and easy to make up!
3.0 : Professor Zuckerman is very knowledgeable and cares about the subject but is not very engaging in the lectures. Sometimes hard to sit through and weekly quizzes.
5.0 : Great class. Reading quizzes once a week every week, sometimes they are easy, sometimes difficult. 2 papers, 1 short 1 long, and midterm and final. Not an overwhelming amount of work, but also not a little. Readings are long.
5.0 : Great class. 2 essays, midterm, final, very short weekly quizzes based on reading of the week (helpful for keeping up).
4.0 : Weekly quizzes are easy. Just a lot of reading. Zuckerman is a really good professor. You can skip his lectures but just know the reading and you will do fine Midterm was really easy.
5.0 : Not the easiest GE classes. Weekly quiz, you have to read the assigned reading, I usually take 2 hrs to read and quiz grades are ok. Midterm and final, he gives out the study guide, be sure to study them because they are exactly the same as exams. 1 short (5pgs) essay and 1 long(10-15pages), you can always ask for extension.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable and interesting professor. There is a weekly quiz but he is very generous with his marking and extra credit. Very willing to help you outside of class and provided solid feedback on my papers. Some lectures can be a bit dry but overall a very interesting course.
4.0 : Zuckerman is a very nice man who genuinely loves what he does. His lectures are long and pretty monotonous, but he cracks the occasional joke that makes you like him. Be sure and do all the reading, as there are attendance quizzes that are pretty detailed each class. Papers are tough but he'll help you a lot if you go and see him outside of class.
5.0 : Professor Zuckerman is an extremely knowledgable professor who cares a lot about both his students and the material. Lectures have the occasional jokes and quirks that make them enjoyable. He gives you what you need to be successful and clearly outlines expectations, but you have to really work for an A. Not an easy class but well worth it.
4.0 : Zuckerman is clear about course expectations &amp;amp; spends a lot of time articulating these expectations. Like the first 15 mins of every class. 2 papers - one 5 pg, one 10ish pg. Midterm and final are pretty easy if you read. Weekly quizzes over the bible. More work than I'd like for a GE but it's clear he's passionate about the subject &amp;amp; his students.
5.0 : If you don't bother going to lecture you won't get the real point of the class and the amazing insights Professor Zuckerman has to tell you about the material. Being in lecture helped me understand the topics on the final and midterm and helped form the basis for both my papers. But don't worry if you miss a lecture every now and then.
5.0 : He was very enthusiastic about teaching us the Hebrew Bible. I thought that it was great that he gave us background on how the bible was put together and gave us information on the details and underlying meaning of certain phrases. This class was especially interesting to me, since I am Muslim and I do not know anything about the Torah.
3.5 : - Frustrating weekly quizzes (No way to study for them. Even if you do the reading, you can still get a terrible score)  - Up to 10+ hours of reading a week (the Bible and 2 books for outside reading)   - Zuckerman is very helpful with editing papers!  - Interesting material, but an unfocused and confusing lecture  - Too much work for a GE
4.5 : Zuckerman is a really nice guy. Like very nice. His lectures are boring, but he's clear on what you need to know for exams. Also he is very helpful in his office hours. You'll learn some interesting things in the class, especially if you think you know the bible (you probably don't). It's a fine GEI.
3.5 : I did not always agree with instructor Zuckerman, as many of his conclusions rely on specific interpretations of inferences, but he was always willing to assist my understanding of his theories. I was surprised, as he seemed unfamiliar with some more recent theological theories, but I recognize that these are apart from the scope of this course.
4.5 : It is a great GE to take. He wants his students to succeed and will do what he can to make it happen. He is very clear about his grading policy and the student has the right to question his grade. He is a great professor and I would take his class again. Beware of the papers though, they can be tough.
4.0 : Great Professor and Teacher Gives weekly quizzes, 1 short paper and 1 long paper Best part is that Prof. reads and edits you paper if you email it to him. Like he will actually edit it. Lectures can sometimes be boring and long... but its a GE. If you want to take a class to learn something, take this class. Def. not an easy A but not a hard class.
4.0 : Zuckerman is awesome. He shuffles around the classroom and its borderline adorable. As for his lectures, his monotoned voice can make it hard to pay attention. Besides that, prepare for mundane weekly quizzes on the Biblical reading. You can pass the class without doing the other readings though.
5.0 : Although hes super nice, gives extra credit, edits your papers, and very clear on requirements its the worst.  His lectures are long and droning- you never know whats important or whats tangent.  My most time consuming class because of impossible-to-do-well-on weekly quizzes that many students fail the course on account of. Just dont take it.
4.0 : I took this class as a GE. Professor Zuckerman is extremely knowledgable in the subject and helps students when in need. He and his TA have office hours both twice a week. Weekly quizes ensure you do the reading and go to class, even though the quizes are fairly simple. The rest of the grading is based on two papers and two exams. Great class.
4.0 : A very approachable professor who truly cares about his students. Very knowledgeable in the field of religion. The class demands a lot, but the weekly readings are pretty interesting. The only thing I did not like about the class is the papers, as I felt that I did not learn anything from it, but just assignments for grading.
5.0 : Zuckerman is such a sweet guy. He's one of those professors that's really on your side. Cool class bc all dif types of students come to learn about the Bible and what it says. He's very smart and funny, and will help you with anything you don't understand. Give yourself enough time to do the weekly readings. Take it! You'll learn a lot.
5.0 : Bruce is an amazing and inspiring professor - but just because he is, it doesn't mean that his class IS easy. Weekly quizzes, 2 essays, midterm and final. Reading is long and sometimes hard to understand. But Bruce was incredibly kind, cared for his students, and really wanted us to succeed. It was the best GE I've taken.
2.0 : This class is brutal to sit through. Professor Zuckerman is very knowledgable, but the lectures are very boring. The weekly reading quizzes are extremely specific and usually difficult and cover reading that takes an unreasonable amount of time. The grading is very ambiguous, and surprising for a GE course. Not very easy or enjoyable.
4.5 : Prof. Zuckerman is an amazing lecturer. If it were anyone else teaching this class, I'd knock out in 10 minutes, tops. Despite the sheer volume of content that he covers, Zuckerman makes it fascinating. If that weren't enough, he's always there for his students.  It's a shame that not more students remained to listen.
3.5 : Quizzes every Monday on the Bible readings are tough but if you do the reading you should be able to do fine on them. He tells you exactly what is going to be on the midterm and final so those exams are simple. And if you go to class he basically tells you exactly what he's looking for on the short answer and essay questions. Lots of work for a GE
4.0 : Relatively tough on papers for a GE. Tests and quizzes not too hard but the quizzes require extensive weekly reading.
5.0 : Zuckeman offers a creative, humorous, engaging and, at times, surprisingly poignant presentation of material that could otherwise be dry and tedious. His extraordinary insight and sincere passion for the subject is contagious and will continue to provoke and inspire personal contemplation of the deeper issues long after the final exam is over.
4.0 : Solid professor. Weekly quizzes some are pretty challenging. Lets you have your final paper and final exam replace your midterm paper and midterm exam so that's amazing.
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman is an excellent professor with tons of knowledge and a kind demeanor. His lectures can be long winded, so it's important to know what's important because he emphasizes what's on the midterm and final if you're paying attention. The weekly quizzes aren't horrible, but the reading has to be done to do well. The first one was hard.
4.0 : Lots of bible reading and the lectures are really boring to sit through, but it isn't hard and Prof Zuckerman is a nice guy and cares about the subject.
4.0 : Pretty interesting class! Although Zuckerman's lectures can be bland at times, it's obvious that he knows a ton about the Old Testament and that he enjoys teaching his students. Do the Bible readings every week and take good notes and you'll survive the class. It's rare to find a Professor who cares about his students as much as he does.
4.0 : clearly articulates expectations, but lots of reading and weekly quizzes. That being said, the quizzes are pretty easy and there's lots of extra credit.
5.0 : Prof. Zuckerman is one of those rare professors who wants you to learn. He provides insightful lectures (though sometimes they feel long), as well as essay-feedback and test prep. He gives everyone the opportunity to succeed. It's up to the student to take advantage of those opportunities.
5.0 : Professor Zuckerman is very nice and approachable. He will read drafts of your papers, and he is very upfront about what will be on the tests. There is a lot of reading every week, and there is a weekly quiz on the reading. He will also give a decent amount of extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman is definitely knowledgeable in the course's materials, and is thus able to explain a lot of the concepts in great detail. However, lectures can then seem long and somewhat disorganized. Also, make sure you're ready to do readings as there are quizzes every week. Besides that, he makes himself readily available to help out!
5.0 : It is great when BZ peeps out small utterances of wisdom, and that is what makes the class worth it. Go to his office hours with material that he can look at, and don't just have a bunch of questions. Also, if you studied for hours and hours on a weekly quiz, you didn't study hard enough, but he balances that out with lots of extra credit.
4.5 : Zuckerman gives all chances for students to succeed in his class by clearly laying out what might  be on tests. He aims to get students ready and prepared for exams and presents his material in an interesting way.
5.0 : Professor Zuckerman is a funny and knowledgeable lecturer, but his voice is not very good at keeping you awake. The readings every week is definitely something that was a hassle, but it was doable. He was definitely a very helpful professor when it came to revising my essay, WHICH IS RECOMMEND.
4.0 : He wants to see you succeed and gives plenty of opportunities to make it possible. He is also very generous with his time and is willing to read your paper beforehand and will extend paper deadlines if he hasn't completed editing your draft with enough time to revise it. I found the material in interesting, but lectures could be dry at times.
4.0 : Professor is very knowledgable in the field. He is willing to read your rough drafts on essays, and wants you to pass his class. Overall great professor.
3.0 : This class, while informative, should be a 300-level class due to the amount of reading. Study the small details during the biblical readings for the week. For the midterm and final, ONLY STUDY THE STUDY GUIDE. The identifications are simply the reverse of the exam. The essay is almost exactly identical.
3.0 : Professor Zuckerman was very knowledgeable on material, but spoke quietly and never posted lecture notes. It's hard to hear what he says (unless you sit in the first few rows). The papers focused more on writing ability than knowledge of course material. Not a difficult class, but too much reading/writing for this type of course.
2.0 : I did not expect that we would have to read the entire bible word for word, and the weekly quizzes on the bible reading are extremely hard even if you did the reading. The quizzes ask very detailed questions that are easy to miss because the reading is so long. This class was harder and more work than it is worth, for a probable grade of about a B.
4.0 : The course was interesting and he's very knowledgably about the material. But get ready to READ! because weekly quizzes are really specific. Two essays of five and 10-15 page lengths. But if you put in the effort early on, he will help give you ideas and read it before to make sure it's good. He cares about his students, but you have to care too.
4.0 : He is such a sweet man. His quiet voice sometimes makes it hard to pay attention, but he is enthusiastic about the subject. He generously offers to help you with papers before turning them in and gives great insight to what will be on the exams. Tough class with a lot of reading but Professor Zuckerman is great!
5.0 : Prof. Zuckerman was an amazing teacher. There is a weekly quiz on a heavy amount of reading, but - the class was worth it. It's a smaller class so he can really individualize the learning experience (helps edit your paper draft before you submit!!) and clearly articulates what's on tests and what to expect.
4.0 : The most interesting class I took this semester, but a decent amount of work. He says that the weekly quizzes are designed to make sure you did the reading, but at the same time, it's very difficult to receive full credit. Tests and essays are harshly graded, but predictable.
4.0 : Really cares deeply about his students. Will take the time to help you with papers and is super understanding.
5.0 : He is an awesome professor who is quite funny as well.  If you do not prep for the quizzes you will fail however the quizzes are pretty easy if you read.  Midterms and Finals are also easy if you do the necessary preparations.
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman's lectures are insightful, thought-provoking, unique, and open-minded. He does occasionally go off-topic, but not in a detrimental/time consuming way- his "tangents" add to the overall concepts/worldviews that he wants to show us. The class requires a lot of writing, but the professor and TA will work with you on papers
3.5 : The second half of the semester is a lot easier than the first. He grades on improvement. The quizzes are very detail oriented and were hard to do well on. If you do better the second half of the semester this will be in your favor. The midterm and final are very predictable. Two papers that are graded harshly but you can receive feedback.
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman is a nice person who cares about the students. Weekly quizzes could be tough but you can make them up during office hours if you missed the class. So you can procrastinate kinda. There are 2 papers, midterm and final. Professor gives study guide for the exams so thats nice
4.5 : Thoughtful and funny professor. Lectures sometime deviate from the subject and focus on helping the student and inspiring student content. Prepare for a LOT of reading. Essays and tests are manageable with regular preparation. Interesting class, however excessive reading for the subject.
3.5 : There is a lot of reading, be prepared. Quizzes each week on the material from one of the books. Assigns two papers: one short  and one long paper. Vague paper topics. Discussion is pointless, don't do much in there. He offers extra credit for quizzes. Can be hard to sit through lectures. If you aren't interested in the bible don't take it.
3.0 : A very nice Professor but a very challenging class, at least for me. Lots of reading for weekly quizzes which were sometimes difficult. Tests weren't terribly hard. Respected Professor who wants his students to do well!
4.0 : Professor Zuckerman is a professor that wants to see his students succeed and does put forth the necessary time and effort to try and help each student that he possibly can. It's an interesting class and you can tell that he knows his stuff. If you bore easily, this may not be the class for you because his lectures can be hard to follow.
5.0 : Awesome professor! One of my first classes at the school and a good one to start out with for sure. Reading quizzes weekly. Teacher supplies almost all the reading material, so no need to buy any expensive textbooks. He is really understanding. He gives extra credit, week-long extensions on papers if needed, extremely flexible with students.
3.0 : Professor Zuckerman takes the time to review essays and is very lenient of deadlines because he wants you to do well and because of that very understanding. There are weekly readings, which can get heavy at times, and weekly quizzes. He also gives extra credit which are beneficial for the quiz grade and sometimes interesting to attend.
4.5 : Professor Zuckerman is an extremely fair grader and will always try to help you improve your grade. You have to read a lot but it will make the quizes, papers, and exams a million times easier!
4.0 : There are no surprises in his class. Every week there is a 10 Q short-answer quiz based on specific readings that you can find in the syllabus. There are two papers, one due right before the midterm (5pages) and one due right before the final (10-15pages). He will read drafts of both and give specific feedback so USE IT! Saved a ton on textbooks.
5.0 : Knowledgable, passionate, reasonable, funny teacher. Weekly quizzes not that difficult, but do the reading (when I was busy I got away with skimming or looking up story summaries). He fully edits the two papers assigned if you send it early, and is lenient about the deadline. Midterm/ final are same format, understand the study guide &amp; you're good.
4.5 : If your other classes are time consuming , take this one as passno-pass or just don't take it. He is really great though, very humble, wise, and fun. You will have weekly quizzes of the readings(a lot), but they are pretty easy, just remember the characters and their role and something important they did. Hard grader on papers, easy mid and final
3.0 : Honestly, too hard for a GE. There is a ton reading, and quizzes are very hard and specific. You can read the reading and still get a poor quiz grades. Also, he is a VERY tough grader, even though he will help you with papers if you meet with him. Lectures tend to be slow paced and boring. Definitely wouldn't recommend this course.
2.0 : Only take this pass or fail. (or just don't) This class was a nightmare. So much reading, weekly quizzes which were IMPOSSIBLE, and all of the papers were graded pretty harshly too. The midterm and final weren't that bad, but this is still a pretty hard class. Lectures were mostly boring with few interesting points. Easy to zone out.
3.5 : Lectures were boring, no one paid attention. Previous biblical knowledge will barely help. There is a lot of reading too The two papers were a pain but luckily I got A's on them (my TA was amazing). Class is not an easy A but an A is possible (I got an 89). The midterm and final are feasible, Zuckerman gives you the specific material to study.
5.0 : She is the best. I was just taking this class to get units I needed for the semester. I thought I would drop but ended up falling in love with Ceramics because of Karen. Take this class!
5.0 : Professor Jay was extremely helpful! Honestly, if you're going to take writing 140 and think it's easy think again! This class is not a piece of cake, but Jay is always accessible and easy to get in contact with via phone and email for conferences. His class requires time and in depth research but is well worth it in the end!
5.0 : Jay is one of the best professors I've ever had! Before taking his class, I knew I could write a decent essay; however, after taking his course, I became a stronger writer. Although this course was challenging, he was ALWAYS willing to help his students. I couldn't have asked for a better writing professor! 10/10, would take again.
5.0 : Jay was one of the best writing professors I've had! The class is a good balance between working hard to improve your writing but also enjoying and having fun in the class. He gives really good feedback and is very knowledgeable, so listen to his notes and pay attention. He gets to know his students and I'd definitely take him again!
5.0 : Jay is hands down an amazing individual and professor- class is enjoyable, he has a great sense of humor, and makes himself available for help outside of class. Jay's teaching helps develop your ability to learn and think critically. If you have the opportunity to take Jay, DO IT.  You will walk out a better writer and person!
5.0 : Jay's class was great because it genuinely improved students' writing skills. The course was structured as a workshop, with plenty of guidance but also plenty of self-critique, and it allowed students to progress immensely over the course of the semester. Jay is always available for conferences and ready to offer feedback. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Couldn't have asked for a better writing 140 professor! He is honestly committed to improving your writing skills, and is willing to help you in any way possible. He also has a great sense of humor which keeps class light and fun. A challenging class but final grades were surprisingly good for everyone. Would highly recommend him for writ 140
5.0 : Jay is one of the best teachers I've had at USC. He makes class interactive and fun, while seriously making sure you learn a lot. All my friends hated their Writing 140150 teachers and did really badly, but I had the opposite experience. Jay makes sure you do well if you've worked hard and is very approachable. STRONGLY recommend this teacher.
4.5 : Overall great professor and really cool person to have a conversation with. Loves teaching and tries to bring as much fun to his lectures as possible. Fair grader. Very helpful during office hours. I definitely recommend taking WRIT class with him.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had at USC. Extremely helpful during office hours.  Great conversationalist.
5.0 : Fisher is an outstanding instructor and an even more outstanding individual.  His enthusiasm &amp; energy is second to none.  I found his course entertaining, instructional, and most importantly, relevant.  Although demanding, Prof Fisher is fair, consistent, and highly respected by peers and students alike.  TAKE HIS COURSE(S).
5.0 : HIGHLY RECOMMENDED: Professor J.T. Fisher would prefer if you greeted him with Jay.  He is an +A in my book and I'm not being bias because he rewarded my work with a high grade but because he is helpful, nice, quick to respond,  funny, interesting and any other positive attribute you can remember from you most helpful/best high school teacher.
5.0 : If you have to take any writing class, take it with Jay. He is among the best that USC has to offer and you will NOT regret it. If you come into his class thinking you're a poor writer, he'll make you great one. If you come into his class thinking you're a great writer, he'll only make you greater. The journey won't be easy, but totally worth it.
5.0 : This is one of the best classes that I have taken. Professor Fisher has a great approach where class engagement is key, making class the material a lot easier to comprehend. The class setting was very welcoming because of this approach. Professor Fisher is great at meeting with his students as well. He is accessible and really wants you to learn!
5.0 : Great professor, easily approachable, and genuinely cares about his students. The class was challenging, but he grades fairly and provides valuable insight in all steps of the writing process. WRIT 130/140 is a lot of work, but his class is probably the most painless and will make you a better writer if you're willing to try. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Jay is one of the best teachers USC has to offer. He is incredibly passionate about teaching and will stop at nothing to make sure you have all the tools you need to succeed. Not only is he an outstanding professor, but he also truly cares about his students and will go out of his way to help them in any way he can. Highly, highly recommended.
5.0 : Having Jay as a professor is an experience that you do not want to miss out on. While the mood in his classes is certainly kept light, he always makes sure to get down to business. You will come out of his course a cogent and more confident writer. He is very generous with being available to his students.
5.0 : Jay is one of those rare teachers who can relate with his students on pop culture references at the peer-level, yet also demand of them accountability, conscientiousness, and constantly improving efforts. He called me out on my chronic procrastination, radically improved the way I write, and offered general life mentorship. TAKE HIS CLASS..
5.0 : Jay truly cares and is always there to support his students and give us honest feedback. It's incredible and a privilege to have a professor that is invested in your growth and future success. Not only is he devoted to each of his students and makes it easy to build a personal relationship with him, he also runs his class with flair and humor.
5.0 : If you choose to take any other teacher's writing section, you're crazy. You have to work hard and apply yourself in his class, but he ALWAYS goes out of his way to help his students. He has a terrific sense of humor and a genuine love and talent for helping his students improve their writing (a lot). I've never had a more influential teacher!!
5.0 : Jay has the great ability to engage students, involving them in their own learning while maintaining a relaxed and often very funny atmosphere.  Taking his class definitely improved my writing skills, helping me to become a more focused writer and produce a more convincing argument.  Definitely recommend his class to anyone!
5.0 : With his humor, insight, and the respect he displayed toward students, Jay made this class truly enjoyable and thought-provoking. He is ALWAYS willing to help and genuinely wants students to succeed. Whenever I felt stuck, he would help me work through my problems until I was not only content with but excited about my paper. OUTSTANDING professor!!
5.0 : Jay is an excellent professor and an excellent person. He genuinely cares about each and every student and will work with them to make sure they do their very best. While it can be a bit difficult to figure out exactly what he wants at times, he is always very easy to talk to and approachable when problems come up. He rocks!!
5.0 : I can easily say that Jay was the best professor I've had at USC. Writing is definitely not my strongest subject, but Jay continuously took the time to sit down and really help me throughout the entire semester. He genuinely cares about his students and is willing to do whatever it takes to help them learn and become a better writer. He's the best!
5.0 : Jay is one of those professors that just gets what it means to be a professor. He takes the time to really help his students both during his class and beyond. He is clear and reasonable on his expectations for the coursework. His feedback really puts you on track for each assignment.  His  humor and positive attitude makes the class worth attending
5.0 : Jay is one of the best professors I've had at USC. He actually cares about his students takes interest in their progress. He is very clear in what he expects and gives amazing feedback on your work. He is always willing to have additional conversations if you need extra guidance, plus his classes are extremely entertaining.
5.0 : Jay is an incredible professor overall. He truly cares about each and everyone of his students and enhancing their writing abilities in new ways. His humor and great character make him approachable and he is always willing to help as much as possible. If anything, he is THE professor to have for Writing 140 and was an incredible blessing to have.
5.0 : We all know WRIT 140 sucks (a lot) but Jay made it at least worthwhile. Funny guy, creates a good class dynamic, and is really there to help you learn to write. Grading seems to be relative, as he mostly looks for improvement - so if you suck at writing, its ok. If you join a frat while in his class, he'll also probably help with easing deadlines.
5.0 : This professor is awesome! He connects well with his students and genuinely cares about helping them. This class was definitely the best class I have ever taken!
4.0 : We all know that Writing 140/150 is dreaded by USC freshman and sophomores BUT Jay makes the class fun! His high emphasis on peer reviewing definitely helped me become a better writer. Definitely recommend having him for Writing at USC!
4.5 : Jay is one of a kind. I have never dealt with such a clever yet demanding professor. By the end of the course I had improved my writing skills AND and simultaneously enjoyed going to class (mandatory anyway). Jay was always there to help out and give feedback and his use of peer review among other nontraditional learning techniques helped ! TAKE!!!
5.0 : If you were to do one thing right in your 4 years at SC, it would be to take Dr. Jays class. I 100% became a better writer thanks to his persistent and helpful critiques. He is always willing to let you call meet with him to discuss your paper. If you want to actually get something out of the dreaded 150 req, (albeit with extensive effort) take J
5.0 : Jay was the best teacher I've EVER had! He is hilarious and made writing 150-a  dreaded course by most-so rewarding! Expect to work hard-in the words of J you will be "pledging his frat"-but it's COMPLETELY worth it because he continuously pushes you to do better(always avail to callmeet for help!!) and he truly wants his students to succeed!
3.5 : Jay is an amazing writing professor at USC. He gave students his phone number and was usually available for extra phone conferences, which are very helpful. In addition, he provided me a lot of useful, detailed feedback when he graded my essay. He is a tough grader, but if you show him you are making progress, he will reward your efforts.
5.0 : Prof Fisher (or Jay) is one of the best professors I've met in USC. He genuinely gets to know his students and makes everyone comfortable participating in the classroom. Also, he would give you his number and encourage you to contact him if you have problems with the writing assignments, even outside of your scheduled time of appointment!
5.0 : Jay is probably one of the most caring, genuine, and hilarious professors you will ever meet. He has a sparkling sense of humor, is very approachable, and makes himself always available for his students. This class will be challenging, but if you put in your best efforts, this class with Jay will be most definitely worthwhile. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5.0 : Jay is one of the best professors I have ever had.   He continuously pushes us to improve through his detailed and insightful feedback.       He truly cares about students and is able to build rapport with each student.   I looked forward to class, thanks to Jay's wit and his enthusiasm to help us become better writers and better people.
5.0 : Writing 150 is a difficult and demanding class no matter who you have as a professor.  However, Jay always provided guidance and help throughout the entire writing process.  I grew as a writer through his extremely helpful feedback in class and during his one-on-one conferences. He is also very understanding and provides extensions on assignments.
5.0 : I would absolutely recommend taking Jay Fisher for Writing 150 at USC. Jay has a knack of finding weaknesses in his students' writing abilities and turns them into strengths. There are a few papers in this course, but the prompts make writing enjoyable. You will have to work for your grade, but this is the professor to take! I would take again.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR AT USC, hilarious, likes to keep in touch, and will make you a better writer even if you think you're already good. Makes writing classes at USC which usually suck your favorite class of the semester.
5.0 : I simply couldn't ask for a better writing professor. WRIT150 is a very demanding class but Jay is so committed to help every single student to improve, which makes the writing process full of fun and fulfilment. He is also humorous, caring, and very approachable. I always felt that I grew to be a better writer after each assignment. RECOMMEND
5.0 : Jay Todd is the only reason I stayed in my 150 topic. He's the man.
5.0 : Jay is so cool! He's very keen on keeping a casual setting in the classroom, really encourages peer editing and working in groups. He has high standards but as long as you show improvement throughout the semester, you'll get a good grade! He really wants you to do well and will really work around your schedule to help with papers.
5.0 : Jay is hands down the best professor you will have.  Jay's effort as a professor is unmatched. If you work hard you will benefit greatly. I could have taken an easier professor and get a better grade but I would have taken away much less. If there is one class at USC you take for the experience it is this one. He is a great mentor and friend 2 have
5.0 : Jay is just an all around great guy.  No one is particularly found of the writing  classes at USC but Jay makes them a lot more enjoyable.  He has high standards and definitely expects you to show improvement over the semester but he's incredibly funny, helpful, approachable, and a great resource to have.  I highly recommend taking him if possible
5.0 : I took a class with Jay in Spring 2013. Jay is not just a funny guy but most of all, he's helpful and caring. Even though English was my third language and I struggled with writing quite a bit initially, he always made sure that I improved substantially after every draft. Take him, and you'll never regret it. He's the man. One of the best!
5.0 : My favorite teacher at SC. It was one of the most challenging courses but my writing significantly improved over the semester. I still can count on him for feedback on papers for other classes. He also  wrote an awesome/detailed letter of recommendation for graduate school for me.
5.0 : Jay Fisher is one of the most caring, helpful, and entertaining professors I have had at USC. He is always available to hold a phone conference with me about my writing assignment. During our discussion, he points me in the right direction by making clear suggestions as to how I could make my paper stronger. I strongly recommend him as a professor!
5.0 : Jay is an incredible teacher. He makes an effort to connect with each student and keep everyone engaged in the class. Jay's teaching style is supportive and relaxed, but also challenging and engaging. He will make you a better writer and you'll have fun at the same time. Take his class!!!
5.0 : Jay is fun and lighthearted, but do not be deceived by his jovial persona.  Behind the veil, Jay is a competent and cogent writer who will not cut you any slack.  His writing class was among the most enjoyable courses I enrolled in at USC, with a good blend between work and play.  I left the class fulfilled not only as a student, but also a human.
5.0 : Jay is definitely one of the most entertaining and caring professors I've had at USC. He's always there to help, very approachable, and makes class time fly by. You definitely have to put in the effort to get the grade but it's worth it.
5.0 : Jay is a great writing professor! He's a hard grader at first, which is rough for someone like me who already considered them a good writer, but if you follow his methods and what you teaches in class, you will genuinely emerge a better writer. He is also super helpful with any writing needs you might have outside of the class, even a year later!
4.5 : You have to be participative in Jay's classroom, but I assure you he will reward you for this. And what's more importantly, show him you're making progress!!! He didn't give me an A but he's a fair grader. He's an inspiring instructor thought, and he's always there for you.
5.0 : He is so helpful and very caring about each student. If you listen to his feedback you can easily do better throughout the rest of the semester. It's not an easy class per say, but if you put in the work, it definitely pays off.
5.0 : Amazing professor, great care in the projects and offers the best feedback to improve projects, would take the class and the professor again . accessible outside of class and very nice. learned a lot of her
5.0 : Prof. Lemon gives great lectures and is very detailed with her explanations. Lectures don't get posted, so it's a must that you take good notes or else you won't understand enough for the papers and exams. First exam in class, final exam take home. 2 papers. Easy quizzes each week. Don't buy all the Shakespeare plays- they are all online.
4.0 : Prof. Lemon is a great teacher but a hard grader. She is always available to help you although she will not tell you how to write the paper. The midterm seems impossible but she grades it leniently. Honestly its a good class if you put in the effort you can get an A. You can print all the works instead of getting the text which is $75 to rent.
1.0 : Vague about what she wants.
4.0 : Professor Farver can be a little intimidating at first but is actually a sweetheart.
5.0 : By far the best class I have ever taken at USC. I wasn't even really that big of a fan of the Beatles prior to taking the class and now I' slightly obsessed. Professor Biersach is extremely knowledgeable about the subject and interesting to listen to. You are graded solely on three tests, which are not difficult if you attend lecture and review.
5.0 : This class is easy. 3 exams, each with 50 questions (not cumulative). My advice to Ace the class: take good notes (from the notes he presents in class) and read the assign readings (just answer the questions assign to these readings and you'll be fine). And most importantly, enjoy the music and history presented.
4.0 : I really like the Beatles so I enjoyed this class a lot.  It's obvious that he knows a lot about this subject, so it's interesting to hear his perspective of things. He takes his class very seriously and hates interruptions. The only way you'll do well is by going to class and taking notes because exam questions are very specific.
2.0 : Lectures are long  and boring. You can't use cell phones and he gets pissed when you use laptops. But the worst part of this course is definitely the grading system. You're whole grade is only on 3 tests throughout the entire semester and the tests are hard because of how much information you have to study. DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE
5.0 : His classes are super easy, but you still need to come. Exams are simple, but you have to know the material. Do the assigned questions each week and study your notes once or twice, you'll definitely get an A.
5.0 : This guy knows what he's talking about. He's so awesome but it that comes from his great knowledge of the past 50 years of rock music. You might not think you need to know this and you're probably taking this class because you've heard it's easy, and yes it is easy but if you pay attention you can impress people with really cool rock tidbits!
5.0 : Great grader. He''s hilarious and definitely knows his stuff. Completely technologically illiterate but very endearing. He is so well versed in everything music related from 1955 to 1990ish that its scary.   Great professor.
5.0 : Presents the material in a way that makes it easy to remember.
4.5 : I took The Beatles class and it was probably my favorite class that I've taken so far. Going into the class as a Beatles fan makes it fun but is not at all necessary for enjoyment. Prof Biersach is passionate about the subject and makes everything super fun
5.0 : Class about Classic Rock (up to 1970) was excellent.  Listen to a lot of great music and learn very cool facts.  Biersach has been there and lived it and has a vast knowledge of rock that he is very willing to share.  Attendance is a must, and take notes on everything they say.  If you go to class and take good notes this is an easy A and very fun.
4.5 : Floto is absolutely amazing. Take any and every PR class you can with her. She is definitely one of the most knowledgable professors in the PR program. She has a distinct style that confusesfrustrates some ppl who are used to more traditional writing but she helps you be more creative. Also, her nails are flawless and usually match her outfits
5.0 : Jen is an INCREDIBLE instructor. Taking at least one of her classes is a must-- she has so much knowledge about the inner workings of PR research and does an excellent job making sure to lecture in an interesting and engaging way. She truly wants everyone to succeed; both in her class, and after graduation in the working world.
4.5 : She is very strict and organized any other your major courses; I don't think you have another choice other than her. So, you should be ready to have a tough class if you need to take her class. I liked her syllabus and pedagogy but I don't like her as a person. She's not a caring or nice person but might be a good teacher.
4.5 : She is an amazing lecturer, most interesting class I have taken. Although really hard grader, she really makes you work for it, but will really help in office hours and actually is there for them. Class is super interesting, but there are about five papers, so its tough, but if you love old english literature its great!
2.5 : Great professor with amazing interesting lectures. Funny, humorous and update with modern world. Nerdy awesome :) Really knowledgeable and smart. Harsh grammatical grader and expects high standards essays. It's a fun and interesting class, but getting good grades is not easy at all. Recommended to take her class though!
5.0 : Thea's "Strange and the Weird" in Medieval Europe class was hands-down my favorite GE at USC. She is not only insanely knowledgeable about the course material, but also is unfailingly enthusiastic and entertaining in lectures and when talking with students. Changed the way I think about history -- definitely a great prof regardless of your major!
5.0 : Hands down the best Professor I've had at USC. I took her "Uncanny Medieval and Renaissance Europe" course and was blown away by her seemingly infinite knowledge of the subject and her passionate and hilarious lectures. She is a pretty tough grader, so be prepared to put in work. But she is very accessible over email and in person. 10/10 recommend!
5.0 : Prof. Cervone is by far the best professor I've had. Her lectures are meticulously organized but delivered with such constant, clever humor that they're not only informative but obscenely fun. Although she grades hard, if you attend office hours and really work with and for her, she'll reward you accordingly. TAKE HER CLASS. NOW. WON'T REGRET.
5.0 : Love Professor Tomaini, took her Uncanny in Medieval and Renaissance Europe class. Her lectures are hilarious and interesting. As long as you listen to her lectures and show up to classes, it is possible to achieve an A. She makes the classroom a very comfortable environment, so everyone feels comfortable making comments or asking questions.
5.0 : Prof. Tomaini (Cervone) is a terrific teacher. She knows a preposterous amount of history and detail about Monster tales and her lectures are always interesting. Not an easy grader but she is fair. Would definitely recommend her to anyone interested in taking one of her English classes.
5.0 : Great professor. Very funny. Helpful with papers. Good prompts.
5.0 : Professor Tomaini  is by far one of the best English Professors that I have ever had. She is a tough grader and you will definitely have to work hard for your grade, but she is there every step of the way to ensure that you succeed in her course. She provides excellent feedback on essays and in general. Take this course!
5.0 : Professor Tomaini (used to be Cervone) is phenomenal. She is immensely knowledgable, always patient and amicable even when kids aren't paying attention, and entertaining while talking about potentially dry subject matter. She'll push you to become a better writer, and you'll get to have some fun while doing it. I would recommend her to anyone.
4.5 : Amazing, intelligent, sweet, thought-provoking, endeavoured professor that wants to share his musical experience and knowledge. If you aren't music major can be overwhelming and confusing, but email and talk to him. He'll help you in any way possible. Weekly 2 pages essay and musicals to watch. Lecture can be dry. But REALLY AWESOME PROF!
4.5 : Amazing life experience. Harvard graduate. Talk to him with your personal life problems, he'll give you legit and effective life solutions. He knows life, been there, done that and just intelligent. Smart smart man. Non-music major can be a little hard, but not impossible. Lots of memorisation but you'll walk out with thorough musical knowledge!
4.0 : This class was overall pretty easy but you have to put in the work. There is a two-page essay due every week on a musical you have to watch. It isn't hard and the TA's aren't tough graders but it definitely takes up time. The midterm/final isn't hard but you have to memorize songs which were pretty annoying. Going to class isn't required.
5.0 : Dr. Fuller is easily one of my favorite teachers I've ever had. He's hilarious (like actually, not just "as professors go") and his lectures are really interesting even though I'm not a music or theater major. He doesn't give more work than we can handle and he's very realistic with his expectations. He's also super helpful if you have questions.
4.0 : Weekly short papers, 2 midterms, 1 final. Lectures are amazing because Parmer has a great sense of humor. Don't have to be a music major to enjoy this class. Just go to class, pay attention, and you'll get an A, not too much studying needed outside of class.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Hilarious in class and the work is very fun and never difficult.
4.0 : Nice guy, can have slightly outdated terminology (especially for a diversity class)- do not need to show up to class at all- he posts all of the material on blackboard. Sometimes lecture is rambling, but this is a wonderful GE to throw into a tough semester if you have any interest in musical theater
5.0 : I had so much fun in this musical class. The essays that are due every week are tedious, however, but are easily graded. Nine 2pg essays, midterm, listening midterm, final. The listening midterm my year was extremely hard, however, so beware. Overall, an extremely fun and easy class. Would gladly take again.
4.5 : Kincaid cares about students - he is interested in what everyone can contribute and bring to the table. The work is there but he cares more to see you being creative and original than text-book correct. I grew to like him as semester went on and ended up thinking he is great. Easy grader as long as you engage and show you're learning something.
5.0 : He is the best professor I have ever had. Fosters creativity &amp; doesn't conform to tradition class setups. Grades are all subjective. If you participate, show up &amp; give any sort of effort you should do well. The class brings up incredible discussion &amp; don't let the Gothic title scare you away. Can't say enough good things about him &amp; 10/10 take him!
4.5 : He's the radical leftist professor your grandparents warned you abouta cool guy who speaks to students on their own level, entertains even bizarre ideas, and encourages student-led discussions of current social issues. His Senior Seminar was a great way to finish my English major at Pitt. Trust what he says about grades.
5.0 : Dr. Michael Quick is terrific. Every lecture truly felt like an episode from the popular TV series "House." I really enjoyed this Neuroscience class in particular, as it genuinely was a blend of all the other required Neuroscience courses, however, now with a medical emphasis. Highly recommend this course!
5.0 : I took several classes with her years ago at UCLA. Both classes weren't for credit, but in my many years of studying French she is probably the most dynamic and inspirational teacher I have studied with. She has a great sense of humor, and the course material was always very well chosen.
4.0 : Great professor! Very interesting course with a significant emphasis on writing. Go to class, put some time into your homework, and you will do just fine!
4.0 : Great teacher overall who is willing to give solid feedback. Her class (Business French) wasn't necessarily DIFFICULT, per se, just quite a bit of work, stuff to do and know.   If you keep up and put a decent amount of effort, attend class, study a decent amount for tests, you should be fine though. Overall, recommended.
4.0 : French IV was pretty difficult. If you are not flawless at speaking and writing you won't get an A in her class. Interesting stuff. Very grammar and speaking heavy.
3.0 : The best GE6 option. Hardly studied, got an A.
4.0 : Quite literally the easiest class i've ever taken in my life.  Whether or not you learn much will depend on how you engage with the material, I personally thought it was very interesting stuff.  Absolutely do not need to know the readings to do successful.  Pretty sure I ended up with over a 100% in the class. MUST TAKE. Like really though.
4.0 : She has such a special energy and it was a very interesting, unique class at USC
5.0 : Professor Jacobs is she the sweetest woman I have ever met, with such a unique and bubbly personality. You leave her classroom thinking about life in a deeper level + actually learning. Grade is based off 3 (easy A) reflections, a midterm (easily get an A by listening to lectures only, i didn't even buy the book) and a final presentation (easy A).
3.5 : Really enjoyed Jacobs's class. Jacobs is genuinely invested in her students,  and makes an effort to encourage students to engage with the material (whether or not they step up is another story). This is a really easy GEVI, if you pay attention and participate in class, and the TAs this year were good. Would take Prof. Jacobs's classes again.
5.0 : This class is so insightful and dr jacobs is so clear about what she wants from you. Subject matter is interesting and easy to engage with. She's also so funny which makes paying attention a lot easier. Honestly, TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Prof. Jacobs made even mundane concepts interesting with her enthusiasm and bright personality. While it was a GE, her powerful lectures influenced the way I will live for the rest of my life as I learned to understand why people of foreign cultures act a certain way, even if I might not agree with them. Was very eye opening; take this as your GE2.
5.0 : Interesting person, interesting lectures, interesting subject. Grading consisted of one take home essay, one midterm and a final--which comprised of a couple short-answer questions and a short essay. There were quite a few readings, but honestly you can only do half and still get an A.
4.5 : Great professor, great GE. Easy A if you pay attention and get the main idea from the readings. If you go to lectures you won't really have to study. Interesting material, interesting lectures, interesting professor.
5.0 : Dr. Jacobs will keep your attention throughout the class.  Participation makes for a better discussion class and also allows you to retain the material discussed.  Took it over the summer and I was very please with my decision.  I highly recommend this class!
5.0 : I wasn't expecting much as I just signed up to get my GE II done, but Dr. Jacobs's engaging lectures plus the mostly interesting readings and films made this class enjoyable. It was pretty eye-opening as it helped me understand different cultures by looking at it from their perspective. Grading was on two short-answer exams and a take-home essay.
3.0 : Lanita was a fabulous professor. Cared about the subject. Even if you put in minimal effort, you will definitely pass.
3.5 : Love Dr. Jacobs! She is an engaging and knowledgable professor. The class I took was pretty easy and very interesting. She really cares about her students and is a warm, friendly woman.
5.0 : She is so caring and a real wonderful lady. She is one of the few professors that genuinely cares about your individual success and well being. So glad I took her class. She keeps it a hunnid.
2.0 : Jacobs is a hilarious woman but as a professor she really doesnt do much. All you do in class is watch films and the actual lectures are incredibly convoluted and rushed. Easy grading though as long as you do the readings.
4.5 : Dr. Sereno is really cool! His lectures are amazing and he hosts three social events throughout the semester to get to know the students better.  He is also very helpful and approachable, so If you ever have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. You can also go to the study sessions to help prepare for the exams. Overall, highly recommend!
3.0 : I took COMM 200, which was such an easy class with Sereno. I really liked him too, and thought he was a nice professor and person. That is until I got involved in one of the student organizations he advises. He would be incredibly rude and condescending at times to the board members (I was just a member). That just ruined my perception of him.
4.5 : Ken is amazing  Easy class and Easy A
5.0 : Ken is a nice and funny professor. He always makes jokes in the class.
5.0 : He is by far the easiest A-- if you can stay awake through the class. Don't worry his off color comments about his divorce might be all you need to stay awake. In addition, I found him super creepy. Some people really like him, possibly because his class is so easy, but I am just not a fan. Hold the personality, he is a good to mediocre teacher.
5.0 : He clearly knows the stuff and organizes his lecture well. He is also hilarious. Give you chance of extra credit but you have to rush for the spots. Exam questions can be selected within a range, but not as easy as expected: so many case studies!
5.0 : He's honestly a fantastic professor who truly cares about the success of his students. As long as you show up to lecture and fill in the slides, the class is an easy A. We had one term paper (5-7 pages) and about 3 tests. Really easy stuff though
5.0 : very nice guy. the class is all about theories but Sereno won't make lectures boring. the ppt is very helpful and clear. readings are not necessary as long as you come to every class you'll be fine.
5.0 : I don't care what class it is that you're looking up Ken Sereno's reviews for, TAKE IT.  He is quite literally one of the nicest, approachable, and intelligent professors i've ever had.  He  does everything he can to make your life enjoyable during his lectures.  He makes a great case for why Comm is important in general, and is an Easy A professor
4.0 : He's a good professor and is able to explain difficult concepts in a easy way. However, his lectures can drag on sometimes. Although reading the textbooks aren't necessary, I definitely recommend it.
5.0 : Professor  S is amazing. He tells jokes to lien up the crowd, then gives examples that are relatable. The class itself is theory heavy and it is not super easy. But I like the little bit of challenge offered here. He is accessible, gives great advice and has a lot to teach outside the class. Take him! Class attendance is needed and there is Ex Cred
5.0 : Loved this class! Ken is a really nice guy and the class is really easy. No reading, tests only include info from lecture notes. Lots of good info and a really good COMM core class. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Ken Sereno is one of the best teacher in USC. He is such a nice and funny professor. He will tell you about jokes on UCLA and they are entertaining. I will definitely take his class again.
5.0 : Love Ken so much !! you'll regret it if you don't take this class!
5.0 : Funny, chill, clear. Easy A.
5.0 : Chill, small class, a lot of discussion. However, I feel like this is not academically valid and reliable in terms of social science research.  If you want to learn rigorous research method I would recommend COMM301.
2.0 : People think Sereno is a nice guy (probably is) but he gives off a real creepy vibe. Always talks about his failed marriages during lectures. Material is SO dry but he tries to make excuses on why learning comm. theories is "important and very useful". 2/5 rating. Nothing special and wont take again.
5.0 : Super easy A! Prof. Sereno is soooooo funny and the class material is super easy to understand. Go to the class and pay attention, you'll definitely get an A.
5.0 : THE BEST professor I've ever had in USC. Very nice, hilarious guy with great knowledge in Communication. The material is interesting and useful. Highly recommended.
3.5 : This is quite possibly the easiest class I've taken at USC. With that being said, if you're looking for an easy A, you should take him. He seems like a pretty genuine/nice guy.  My only gripe is that he makes his political views very well-known and it can be agitating at times.  Not professional. I'd go to office hours if I wanted to talk politics.
5.0 : Super easy/clear class. Just show up (you get an extra 5% to your grade if you attend 90% of  lectures) and take notes. He doesn't give any notes that aren't on the test so I would just study the material the day before the test and got A's. Sereno is a good guy and funny.
4.5 : He is great, all the notes are typed out and you just fill them in in class. There are 4 non-cumulative tests and as long as you read the super easy short text book you are fine. He makes jokes in class and clearly really cares about his students. He is a nice sweet guy. He is great!
5.0 : Professor Sereno is an amazing professor here at USC. This 200 level class was not too hard but make sure you study for the exams and read the material. The questions were not too hard but hard enough to where you cannot ignore the content. Sereno himself tells a lot of jokes in class and tried to make the material relevant. Great class!
4.0 : His lectures were very straightforward, and the concepts were very easy to learn. You do have to memorize a lot of concepts, so make sure to keep that in mind for the tests. The lectures are all powerpoint-heavy, and class can be boring at times because of it. Overall a good professor.
3.5 : Great class. He is the best at what he does in the sports business industry
5.0 : The class was solid. He is good at what he does and knowledgeable in the sports industry. It should be an easy A but, if you don't participate, like me, it will weigh your grade down. Participation is worth 15% of your grade. It's wild.
4.5 : Shigemi was my first voice teacher ever and I'm actually really happy I had her. I did improve a lot. She lost her patience a couple of times, but you could tell she was just really passionate. She's unfortunately retiring after this semester, but if she were staying I would take her again.
3.0 : Do not recommend his classes for non-major graduate level students.
5.0 : Great teacher, great class.  He know ProTools in and out and is great at sharing his knowledge. Brought in some fantastic guest speakers as well.
5.0 : His musical gifts are exciting to witness, able to play and conjure from memory seemingly any musical work in demonstration of concepts and ideas he is teaching. He has an encyclopedic memory, providing info/context that is so interesting. I learned what I need to know, was able to be successful on assignments and tests, and enjoyed every class.
5.0 : Fantastic teacher. Clearly communicates the subject matter and makes you care about the work you are doing. Very knowledgable, especially in orchestration and composition, the two fields of study I have been undertaking.  Great personality, which makes the time fly by. He has definitely inspired me to work harder at being a better musician.
5.0 : He was very knowledgeable about the material. He kept the class light. There wasnt a tone of work to do. Hes a very easygoing, funny guy. I recommend this teacher.
4.5 : If you want tohave to learn Orchestration but don't want to just memorize the textbook, Neal Desby is your guy. Yes, he tells stories, but his stories always relate to what he's teaching. Engaging, funny and helpful!
4.5 : Very knowledgeable and adheres to realistic expectations for his graduate theory review course. Neal is hilarious and uses an anecdotal teaching style that creates a very easygoing environment. Neal is always willing to help his students and provides a very positive learning experience.
5.0 : He spends more time telling stories than teaching, but when he does teach, he's clear and to-the-point. I found that his course was much difficult for those who don't have a musical background; but if you're already a musician and only taking this class for credit / prerequisite, then ND is your guy.
2.0 : He made me really uncomfortable in office hours. Not to be trusted.
5.0 : Everett is so cool. He is ahead of the curve. Bomb.
3.5 : Prof Lerner structured the class around understanding major themes and concepts within the history of Modern Europe. That being said, the large amounts of reading assigned aren't really necessary when it comes to studying for the midterm/final. Prof Lerner made the lecture entertaining but your grade really comes down to your TA.
5.0 : I took Lerner for HIST 104 and again HIST 427. He's truly an amazing professor and one of the best I've had at USC! While there is a lot of reading to his class if you are familiar with the subject and attend lecture you'll be fine not doing it. Most of the reading is supplementary, but is often the subject for essay tests/papers
5.0 : Professor Lerner is  such a great teacher! He really cares about his students, loves to talk during office hours, and will even make time to meet with you outside of normally scheduled hours. He assigns pretty dense theoretical readings for the class but he does a great job explaining them in lecture. Plus he's really funny and great guy overall!
5.0 : Amazing professor, one of the very best I've had at USC!  Lerner really cares about and listens to his students, he's incredibly kind, brilliant, and funny-awkward in the best way! Lectures are thought-provoking and interesting, class has a lot of reading but lectures closely match it so you don't need to read everything. TAKE PROFESSOR LERNER!
5.0 : I adore Professor Lerner! He is smart and makes some great, history-themed jokes. If you are actually interested in learning something about Modern Europe or passionate about history, take this class (it is very interesting), but know that it does require some interest and reading on your part.
5.0 : Matt is an amazing teacher! His course is challenging but super interesting. Never expected 340 would be my favorite class at USC :)
1.0 : I signed up for one class but he announced on the first day that we'd be doing something else instead. Don't know what to say about that other than that I'm paying a lot for this education.
5.0 : Great professor, he's super interesting and makes it fun to go to lecture. However, you will have to work to get an A in this class, but that's true for any WRIT150 class. Highly recommended.
5.0 : I like Professor Manson and his class made me a better writer. Definitely difficult but worth the effort. He is funny and approachable. I love that he gives a LOT of feedback on papers. You know what he wants especially after a paper and several meetings. If you want to improve and enjoy class, take this one. Looking for an easy A? Don't.
2.0 : Overrated. Not only a hard grader, Manson was always just asking us to "be specific," without specifying what he wanted. He hardly responded to emails in time (or at all), and was apparently too busy to hold individual conferences or give back graded assignments on time. Take another instructor for sure. Not beneficial to your time or grades.
5.0 : Professor Manson was a very enthusiastic and charismatic teacher. His lectures were super interesting. I really dislike the GE writing classes, but he actually made my Writing 340 class enjoyable. He's not the easiest grader, but he gives very good feedback and advice on how to improve.
1.0 : I thought that taking a writing class on beat poets would be beneficial to my formative college experience, boy was I wrong. This guy speechified every single day, relentlessly attempting to impress a flawed ideology of life upon a group of impressionable youths. I hope that every student in this class reads a history book during the break.
4.5 : Saito's class is a great GE 2 but you have to put in some effort for an A. No effort would get you a B B-. 2 papers, 1 midterm, 1 final (both essay exams). Exams are pretty much what is on the study guide but require elaboration on your part. Doesn't post notes online so attendance is essential! TAs do all of the grading so get on their good side
3.0 : Straightforward class - midterm, final, and a paper. The midterm/final formats are the same - multiple essays comparing and relating different sociological theories with different social issues (sports stadium development, etc) from the perspective of race. If that sounds difficult to you, you won't pass the class.
3.5 : As long as you do the readings or go to some lectures and discussions you will pass. Lectures were pretty interesting and we watched moviesvideos most of the classes so it wasnt that bad. You dont need any books because everything was online so it was a pretty good class.
4.0 : Excellent teacher.  Very knowledgeable on the subject.  At times, allows students to interact and discuss subjects amongst themselves and will interject when needed.   Great Professor.  Would take one of his classes again.   Lots of reading.
5.0 : All grading's done by TA's, so get on their good sides. Can be monotonous and rather repetitive, but has some funny stories/moments. Clearly conveys the info and what he expects from you. Interesting and nice guy all around. Easy A. Policies are definitely in favor of the students.
4.5 : Lectures are boring and there's  a lot of reading to do, but its pretty straightforward. He's not the most exciting guy but he does a good job. Midterm, final, two papers. Easy A
5.0 : Amazing professor! I would want to take another class of his! Saito is open to helping you out and listening to what you have to say. Take his class!!
5.0 : Great professor who presents his own research and is very knowledgable. Lectures are a little boring but there is never any homework. Just one paper, midterm, and final. There is a lot of reading but if you take through notes you dont need to read at all. Easy A if you take notes and pay attention.
3.0 : Professor Saito is very knowledgable about the subject but can be boring at times mostly due to his monotone voice and his tendency to go off topic. There is A LOT of reading to do. He gives study guides that basically contain the questions on the exams which is really helpful.
4.0 : I loved this class! He's very knowledgable about the subject and is able to answer any questions given. I would definitely take a class taught by him again. I went to every lecture (except one) and every discussion and barely did the readings. He goes over the readings in lecture and is very helpful.
3.0 : If you this this class is about contemporary racial conflict then you would be mistaken. This isn't a bad class per say, but I would not have taken it if I knew the focus it had on Los Angeles and San Diego, and Asian and Latino Americans. I expected 2010-2017 type racial conflict and I got 70's-90's housing and urban planning conflicts, etc.
5.0 : Very knowledgable on the subject.  He's dry sometimes, but has shares many funny/interesting personal stories.  One paper, midterm, final.  Beware, midterm/final are essays.  TA does ALL the grading so get on the good side.  Readings all online exception to 2 books.  Hw is reading.  Go to discussion.  To get A, do the readings/go to discussion.
5.0 : Attendance is not mandatory; however, he never posts his lecture PPT on blackboard, so mandatory is somehow essential to get a good grade. TA does all the gradings, and lecture is sometimes boring, but most of the times interesting/fun. 2 books to read+lots of readings on blackboard, but Saito clearly goes over every detail. Worth taking!
3.0 : Saito is a monotone lecturer which makes it difficult to pay attention and go to class at times, but he has a good personality and cracks the occasional joke. Lots of readings every week that you will be tested on for the midterm and final. TA does all grading, get on their good side. The material itself is pretty dull.
5.0 : She was amazing! I took her for a GESM and it was the best class I took that semester. She is a fair grader if you show understanding of the concepts, she makes the lectures interesting and engaging. She is very understanding if you cant make it for class. 100% recommend her.
5.0 : Professor Flores is the epitome of a teacher that actually cares for her students. She has gone above and beyond to help me become a teacher and stays in contact with me after I have finished the program. I have asked GATE questions to her several months after graduation and she provides great info. She is a great teacher and even better person!
5.0 : Such a sweet lady. Always straight to the point with assignments and exams. VERY helpful at office hours. Highly recommended and would take again.
3.5 : No tests, just some papers but your main assignment is the consulting project. Didn't learn as much from lecture as I did from doing the consulting assignment itself. Her prompts for the papers are not as clear as you think they are so you'll get a lot of criticism on the paper, yet still make at least a B on the assignment.
4.0 : I always laughed in this class, and Waller is good at giving feedback without hurting anyone's feelings. He's a real laid-back dude. This class is like artist's therapy.
5.0 : Prof. Waller is the absolute man. I had a great time in his class and he really taught me how to focus my thoughts while simplifying my writing. I would highly encourage taking these class as it is not tough but extremely insightful.
5.0 : She is amazing! She took us to moscow, irkutsk, and listvyanka for spring break to study the culture and history. she is super sweet and everyone should take this class.
4.5 : Tatiana really helps you ease into the Russian language, the classes are very participation-based with small tests every now and then. You get extra credit if you attend conversation sessions, field trips and events, and you also learn a lot about Russian culture! She is immensely helpful, caring and is a clear and relatively easy grader.
5.0 : I LOVE TATIANA. Honestly one of the greatest women you will ever meet. She is so patient and kind, regardless of ability. Class is so interesting &amp; always goes by so quickly. It was by far my favorite class of the semester, so much so that I looked forward to going and cried when it ended. 11/10 recommend (cheesy, but true)!
4.0 : Choma has both goods and bads. His concepts are very clear but he doesn't go deep enough for a graduate class. His projects are simple and wont learn much. Recently he has become old and busy with manyother commitments and the course lack that rigour it had.
5.0 : Margo is a great teacher! she loves to tell stories and relate them to the lecture. she is so sweet and genuinely cares about her students' success. she is an easy grader if you know what your talking about and follow the guidelines. not necessary to read the textbook, but its interesting. highly recommend for GE-A!!! she takes attendance daily.
5.0 : I took Margo for my GESM health and fitness through dance. She is so so sweet and also a very easy grader (i'm sure the entire class got As). We did have some long papers on dance positions etc, but as long as you do them and they're mediocre you get an A. Her tests were also very easy and short (20 minute midterm and final). Margo rocks!!!
5.0 : Margo is an very knowledgable and passionate professor. Margo completely changed my perception of "Dance". In fact you don't have to dance at all in this class, which is good. Margo is very open-minded, our term paper was really fun as we picked any topic we're interested in and link it back to Dance. Topics ranged from: Danc/Golf to Danc/Business.
5.0 : Highly recommend fulfilling a GE with Margo. Her class is is not intended for students looking to seriously improve technical dance ability. The emphasis of her class is on life skills such as stress and time management. Her GSEM requires three five-page papers each attached to a group project, but the papers are graded easily. Tests are very easy.
5.0 : Such an incredible Professor. She truly cares about her students deeply and puts everything she has into giving useful feedback. Would 100% take again.
4.5 : DANC280 was the easiest class I've taken - no quizzes, straightforward midterm/final, and Prof. Apostolos graded easy on projects/essays. But more importantly, she truly loves what she does, and it showed. She got to know all of us by name and encouraged participation, but never forced it out of people. Very understanding, charismatic, and lovable.
5.0 : Health and Fitness Through Dance is a really easy general seminar if you show up and participate! Your grade is made up of three five page papers, a midterm and a final (both of which she tells you what to study and allows a one-sided index card cheat sheet!) Mostly, if not everyone, got a A in the class.
3.5 : Margo is a great professor but more importantly a really nice person to get to know.  Although at times her lectures could be a little bit boring, you could tell that she really loves what she teaches, and loves sharing that passion with her students.  She's a really fair grader and doesn't assign much work.
5.0 : Absolutely amazing teacher. Because of her I fell in love with studying human biology and human performance. She's super friendly, and her class isn't too difficult if you pay attention.
5.0 : Her lectures are short but very engaging, and really inspire you to look at cinema and space in new ways. All the films she screens in class are unique and amazing and tie directly into the lecture material. Class is very interactive, and she is a relatively easy grader.  One midterm, one paper. Very laid back class, would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Learned a lot in the personal conference monthly. Eric is more than happy to help with my personal writing like statements of purpose, thus, I invited him as my recommender when I am applying for graduate school.
4.5 : Stacy is an amazing teacher. Definitely NOT an easy A, but if you work really hard, it is attainable. Huge focus on the readings (almost too much), but i've left this class knowing so much that I didn't previously know. I would highly recommend taking it.
4.5 : She is very helpful and more than willing to be in contact with her students.
5.0 : Stacy is an amazing professor, enthusiastic about the material and very inspiring. Attend lectures, a lot of the material will be covered on the exam. Readings are ESSENTIAL. Even though the material is quite challenging, she's always willing to help.
5.0 : If you're looking for an easy A, don't take this class. However, if you're interested in media effects this is the best class out there. There's a lot of reading but if you're interested in the subject it's pretty cool. Stacy is amazing &amp; a lot of the info you see on TV about representation in the media has been conducted by her. Learned so much!
4.5 : Stacy is one of the best professors I have ever had. She is so passionate about the material and so student-oriented that I look forward to this class every week. The material for the most part is extremely interesting, although can be a little dry occasionally. I'm so glad that I took this class, I would highly recommend it.
3.0 : She's very respected in her field and is full of knowledge. However, she is not great at breaking down her knowledge in a way that's easy to understand by her students. That being said, her tests were not difficult at all and she had interesting guest speakers. I'd recommend this class.
5.0 : Stacy is a very lively professor, thus the lectures are never dull. The class requires a lot of reading, which is imperative to doing well on the exams. There are also random in class assignments that are handed in at the end of class, so I suggest going to lectures. Also, do the extra credit, it's easy!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor at USC. The reason why USC Annenberg is the #1 Comm school in the World. She is phenomenal, inspirational and so very caring. I only got the chance to chat with her 3 or 4 times but she remembered my name.
5.0 : My favorite teacher here at SC thus far. Wonderful teacher, wonderful class, and interesting readings. This isn't an easy class however, you need to study a fair amount.But if you want to learn something that will change your life, this is the class!
5.0 : Stacy, who likes to be called Stacy, is not only a great teacher but an amazing person. She is extremely successful in her field and if you try your best and get to know her, she will always be willing to help you. Her tests in this class are straight forward, just study hard. You aren't allowed computers but it actually makes you focus!
4.0 : Stacy Smith is an amazing professor! She is VERY well known in her field and has more connections than most professors in Annenberg, which is saying a lot! She's an amazing lecturer, and leaves you wanting to learn more. Tests are a bit tough (2 essays- 1 from reading 1 from lecture) but multiple choice questions are incredibly straight forward!
5.0 : Stacy is my favorite professor ever. She is hilarious, extremely knowledgeable and makes class truly enjoyable. Participation matters and readings are heavy around the two papers you have, but other than that it is an engaging, light class. She offers a lot of extra credit as well! I would take again!!
4.5 : Stacy is an amazing professor. I know many people stressed about the tests, but I didn't find them that bad at all. Attend class (and pay attention - take notes on everything!), and make sure to do the readings (outline the articles), and you probably won't have to study much for tests, just review. Also, DO go to office hours a couple times.
5.0 : In depth knowledge of concepts. Highly Recommended
5.0 : My first CS course, and a programming one too! Was dreading it, but now I don't have to. Prof. Saty has already convinced me through his lectures that Yes, I can do this! Thank you prof. Looking forward more Python amazements as the term progresses.   Oh, and you are funny, sweet and kind :)
5.0 : OMG he's GREAT! This is my first prog. class EVER, I'm a non-CS major (Econ). Prof. Saty is incredibly clear in his presentations, I UNDERSTAND Python 100% thanks to him. Heck, if this continues I might consider declaring a CS minor, lol. If I do, Prof. Saty, would you please be my advisor? USC, could Prof. Saty teach ALL of our classes?! RESPECT
5.0 : easy homeworks, one test, overall a really light courseload. Saty is always energetic and wants to make programming fun, which he actually does
5.0 : Prof. Saty is my favorite, EVER! Never had anyone quite like him. He has this amazing and rare combination of clarity, intelligence, compassion, humor and humility, so awesome to see. Lucky to take 101 with him, I know I am set for life with all the things we are learning. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this class (heck, ANY class!) from the prof.
5.0 : I cannot say enough positive things about both Saty and CSCI 103. He is legitimately one of the nicest people I have ever had and his compsci jokes are so adorably nerdy, they make my day. CSCI 103 is one of the best classes I have taken at USC.
5.0 : He is probably the greatest teacher in the department, very clear on explaining and is willing to help you a lot. Possibly the only drawback of him is that his office is always full of passionate students and he is literally tooo patient to explain every problem they have (so you might wait long)
5.0 : An excellent professor, very enthusiastic about the subject and highly knowledgeable. Has an answer to any question asked!! Very clear in teaching. Assignments are fun to do though take some time. Exams are easy and interactive ;). I wish every professor at USC was like Saty!!
5.0 : Prof Raghavachary is truly an exceptional professor. Despite a magnificent career and intelligence on another plane of being, Prof Saty is never above sitting down with a student to answer the most basic of questions. Whatever you ask him about programming, he has insightful advice. He once sat with me for three hours helping me animate. Awesome!
5.0 : Great teacher! Makes the subject very interesting
4.0 : First time teaching 104. Kinda rushed through topics, but otherwise a SOLID connection to have and an amazing person in general. 104 itself is brutal, but Saty helped me push through it. Go to OH's! His office is a mini animation studio, and he can talk for HOURS about cool things in the animation/entertainment industry plus life in general! Wise!
5.0 : Professor Saty's syllabus goes beyond basic DB to encompass data science related topics. His enthusiasm is unmatchable and he tries to ensure that students learn something useful rather than just preparing them for tests. He provides enough resources required to master data science. This was undoubtedly the most fun class Ive taken at grad school.
4.5 : Smart man from IIT, achieved three masters and one PhD from OSU. Sixteen years in industry, with the hobby following the latest trend in the technology. I am applying my own PhD, and Saty delivers me an open sea for surfing the high waves.
5.0 : Professor Saty is an amazing Professor. He is helpful, caring, very cool, funny, intelligent, knowledgeable and super enthusiastic!  I took his database systems course and absolutely loved the experience and learnt quite a bit.  You should go to his office hours to check out his very colorful office, if not for anything else!
4.0 : Prof Saty is the best of the best, a rare breed. Thanks to Part II of the reorganized course, I am now super clear on Big Data, Data Science, machine learning and all these topics that were just words to me before. Prof Saty not only knows a lot, but he is also excellent at teaching. II am super sad that the course ended :(
4.0 : For this non-CS major (and others I have spoken with), Prof. Saty made CS be alive, exciting, awesome. i now have a much better idea of what goes on inside my iPhone and Mac :) And, I know Python basics VERY well! I had no idea programming could be this much FUN, a homework problem was to do greenscreen replacing.. Just AMAZING. Prof. Saty, merci.
5.0 : Learning C++ from the dear professor, switch to Java next week. Despite very short time, professor make C++ be easy and clear. Just amaze by him. I have taken other C++ courses including online ones, read many books but was confused. Now professor has fully educated me. He is brilliant, kind and patient, and knows a lot (everything!). Thanking you!
5.0 : Prof. Saty's spring 2016 Databases course is, hands down, the very best course I have ever taken.. ever! The pre-midterm portion was about classical theory and so on. After the midterm, the course got wildly cool and useful! It was so useful that I could land an internship (at Visa!) with my non-CS creds, but with Prof. Saty's teaching. GREAT.
5.0 : Dr. Saty's is the best course for me, in all my MS (out of 7 courses I took). His lectures are exceptional, wish all my classes were this good. You will learn a LOT from each lecture. Even the homeworks seem well thought out, they were fun to do, even. TAs and graders were knowledgeable as well, overall it was a solid experience. Much thanks.
4.0 : I am coding newbie, was scared to sign up for an intense six week course. All my friend recommend Prof. Saty heavily so I take a chance and regisrter. Boy I feel lucky! Prof was GREAT like I heard from my friend. We did C++ first and Java. Every lecture was very clear, homework and lab helped too, a lot. As a result I now feel pretty confident.
5.0 : Well, I love this professor and this amazing experience.
4.5 : Dr. Saty is a very successful guy and at the same time, very humble and respectful. His course is not very easy and not very hard. He is not a tough grader. His lectures are long but clear and useful.  He gives a lot of extra credits. Once you finish his course, You will understand what  a "renderer" and the graphics field in general are about.
5.0 : Prof Saty is the best of the best of the best. This summer, he taught TWO languages (C++, Java)  in 6 weeks. I felt scared going in, because programming is supposed to be hard. But Prof made things so clear, after a week, I lost my fear and started loving the class. Amazing lectures, very unique style. Loved his lectures, labs, hws. OMG COOL!
4.0 : Only 2 weeks in, I am hooked :) I'm a Freshman, female, came here from a small town in the East Coast. Love the idea of a CS major, heard coding is hard. Prof. Saty has made me realize that I CAN DO IT! Gonna do well, gonna rock. Dr. Saty is very knowledgeable, AMAZING at explaining things, gives plenty of code samples. He is even funny! Loving it.
5.0 : I am SO enjoying this class, and learning a lot. I had no idea computers did so much, no idea how they do all that. This course is teaching me really cool things! Prof. Raghavachary is just amazing. His lectures are clear, informative, and pure magic. If you need a Quantitative GE class, TAKE THIS ONE!
4.0 : Awesome prof!  He made lectures really interesting and even went beyond the scope of the class to show you cool things in computer science!
4.0 : I'm taking Prof's CS585 right now.. GREAT! Every lecture I learn so much, my head spins in amazement. He gives good, practical info we can use in interviews and jobs.
5.0 : Great Lectures. Makes lectures interesting to attend .  Assignments are also cool.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, super energetic and makes lectures fun!
5.0 : Best professor so far. Good knowledge.
5.0 : One of the best professors i have across in my entire educational career !
5.0 : Awesome professor..
1.0 : You can never get how bad he will do to your final. Post the study guide only a few hours before the test, and tell you the exam will "not only" come from the lecture, and tell you no need for extra reading. If you followed his misguide, you fail.
1.0 : He is a nice guy, but his exam is terrible. If you take his database class, be sure to STUDY FOR MACHINE LEARNING on your own! Because thats 50 percent of the test
5.0 : Wonderful lecturer, definitely is passionate about making sure everyone learns. He managed to make databases, which could easily be a dry topic, fun. Super smart and knowledgeable about many topics too, and works hard to help you understand. Take class with Saty if you can! Exam is difficult but really pushes you to think.
3.0 : Pros: Knowledgeable, passionate, and humorous teacher Cons: The course covers many topics (Spatial DB, NoSQL, Parallel Processing, Data Mining, Machine Learning, etc.) during the second half, which makes it a survey course with little depth in each topic. On the other hand, the final exam contains difficult, in-depth questions.
5.0 : He's so brilliant and changed the course structure of the boring CS585. Taught all the conventional stuff like SQL, Transaction Mgmt etc in half semester and then taught new things like Hadoop, Map Reduce, NoSQL etc. He's also very caring and goes out of the way to help his students! Best professor at USC
5.0 : Easily the best of the best. Our dear "Prof. Saty" just rocks. Crystal clear lectures, awesome slides, great humor, ultra helpful. His "BigFD" data science lectures were The Bomb. He has gobs of industry experience and a truckload of degrees, but is so freaking humble. I am grad student, hoping to be like him someday. USC: hire more profs like him.
5.0 : one of the best
5.0 : Awesome.
2.0 : Prof Saty is a good professor, teaches really well. However, he should consider taking this course individually rather than taking it with other professors which causes a lot of confusion and ends up reducing the overall quality of the course.
5.0 : He's  awesome, funny and clear about the topics.
4.0 : BEST prof I have come across. I transferred to USC from MIT, he is better than anyone I have had from both schools. Dr. Saty has fueled my passing interest in CG and made it into a career ambition. I used to think that CG was hard, and therefore ignored it. But now, I realize it is hard but doable and likable too. Thank you, Dr. Saty.
3.5 : Most BS class at Marshall...  The way the class is structured makes it hard for you to get an A.  Only a certain amount of group members will get 55% on their peer evaluations. There are 3. Do the work and try your best in both your assignments and group projects. My group members didn't do much, but that probably helped me with peer eval.
1.0 : Chris is an interesting teacher. However, the class is completely pointless. Group projects are a big deal and only one student can receive an A on each peer evaluation. One kid in my group told the professor that three of us didn't participate so that he would get a higher grade. Tests are graded hard and there are a lot of assignments each week.
3.5 : Chris a great TA; he has some good stories and makes things as interesting as he can! The class is lacking, though. Very broad and just a BS class. Study video lectures and lecture slides only for the test and you will be fine.
4.0 : He's a great professor and I thoroughly enjoyed his class. For the midterm and final though, memorize everything you possibly can.
3.0 : Bresnahan is the TA for the class and thus teaches the discussion, although he never teaches anything useful or even reviews the online lectures... but he and Tolan grade similarly so dont be stressed. I surprisingly got an A in all my classes but this, so I suggest going to office hours and get him to like and help you- also for the group proj.s!
5.0 : Great professor.  Manages the classroom well when we do group activities. Answers questions okay via email, but great in class.
4.5 : Prof. Bresnahan is one of the best professors at USC; he is the sole reason why I attend every discussion. He is helpful, nice, and has a great sense of humor. Without him, BUAD 304 would have been another lifeless Marshall course. Definitely recommend taking him, if you can.
4.5 : Chris is a great discussion professor. He is clear with his explanations and does a good job of relating the material to the real world through personal examples and stories. Go to office hours, participate in class, and work hard on the team assignments. Make sure you participate in ELC too. Definitely recommend taking 304 with him.
5.0 : Straightforward class. Chris is energetic and knows his stuff.  Would take him again if I get the chance.  Kept my attention the entire time in class.  Group projects are a big part of your grade. Make certain you pull your weight.
5.0 : 304 is a mandatory for business majors, and it's structured so the discussion instructors basically do everything. So, if you're having issues with your grade, GO SEE CHRIS!!! He is extremely helpful/clear and wants you to succeed. Other tips: Watch the video lectures, have him go over your study guide before tests, and participate a lot in class!
5.0 : Chris is great! If you can, take him! If you participate, the class is very doable. He is a very fair grader and wants you to do well. Watch the video lectures and memorize all the slides and you'll get a good grade.
4.0 : BUAD 304 is not a really good class because of the random scheduling of virtual and in-person, discussion, and live lectures that the 304 faculty create to confuse you. They are not fair at grading projects due to the group evaluation where only one person ("the leader") will receive the good score while the rest suffer. The Final and MT are hard.
3.0 : The class itself is useful and if you try to apply what you learned in class to your group activities, you would definitely learn and grow. However, Chris is not a "qualified" lecturer in the sense that he does not teach critical thinking at all. Lecturers merely cover what's already in the textbook, and he does not give any constructive thoughts.
5.0 : Prof Bresnahan is awesome! It is clear he cares a lot about his students and tries very hard to make class a fun yet valuable learning experience. He is energetic and uses relevant and interesting anecdotes to get his ideas across. He is very approachable and understanding. I would definitely recommend him (I had him for discussion).
5.0 : Bresnahan is hilarious and is a fair grader. I would recommend taking him! 304 is a lot of work but you can do well if you put a good amount of effort into the class. Memorize everything you can for the tests, participate in lecture, and be a good group member and you should do well.
5.0 : Participation in the ELC is necessary, HW for lec/disc are graded on effort. The midterm was pretty straightforward, so was the final. Memorize the video lectures and powerpoints from lecture, discussion, and video. It will help! dont just memorize from the video. The book is useless, dont buy. Groups are useless!! Go to his office hours, hes nice!
5.0 : seriously, just memorize every slide in the exact order and you'll do fine. final was hard, talk A LOT in class for participation marks. you need a textbook for the class for assignments and homework, so get one
5.0 : Very confusing group rating system. One of my teammates and I  both got all 5s on the eval, and I don't think that happens often. The tests were hard but they are only 30%  of your grade, I got an 84 on my final and still got an A. Chris is a much easier grader compare with the other professors. Most of my assignments got 55. overall, it was fun.
2.5 : The group projects and peer evals don't accurately portray the amount of effort or work each member puts into the project. Because of this, your grade can suffer if you don't get high peer evaluation scores even if you perform well in exams as well as participate in your group work. Skewed and biased.
2.5 : professor is a very hard and confusing grader. He did a poor job in giving students feedback for the midterm and final. Not a teacher Id recommend to take.
4.0 : Most time consuming class I have taken at Marshall. Group projects will be the biggest part of the class. The curve and grading in his course is chaos. I wouldn't take this again. I dropped and I'm waiting to take it again this upcoming semester. Avoid if possible
2.5 : I do not recommend this professor. Not only is it very difficult class to begin with, he makes it 10 times more time consuming. He would never help me when I needed it. Overall, if possible, try taking it with another teacher.
5.0 : Been very nice so far.  Go to office hours and speak in classroom. Tests are memorize, memorize, memorize.
3.5 : TA for 304. Discussions are easy, had lecture every other week. Lots of group projects, and you need to buy the book.
4.5 : Chris is a great teacher. He has been teaching this since some time now and he is very clear with whatever he teaches in class. He grades the assignments very easily but fairly so just put some time in each assignment.  Class over all is very easy. Just memorise all the slides.
5.0 : Awesome guy overall. Really enthusiastic and knows what he is talking about. Attendance is mandatory. The tests are really tough as well. Most of the class if based on case studies which are pretty easy. Overall, good experience.
4.5 : He is a good professor, but the class is very disorganized. The tests are pure memorization of frameworks. He was responsive and helpful.
4.0 : His class is actually enjoyable. He incorporates humor and relatability into the discussion. Very approachable. Fairly easy grader but the exams are only passable with studying.
4.5 : Fantastic professor.
5.0 : Easy class, very enthusiastic prof
5.0 : Read!
4.0 : Tough, so tough. Tough, but fair. One of the hardest classes I've ever taken. Can get old man cranky sometimes though.
5.0 : Great class, great prof
5.0 : I TOOK DR. GENZUK FOR EDUC 501, AND HE IS AN INDUSTRY EXPERT IN THE MATTER OF LINGUISTICS AND ENGLISH LANGUAGE LEARNERS. YOU WON'T FIND A MORE THOROUGH OR BETTER PROFESSOR AT USC, BUT BE READY, YOU'RE GOING TO WORK EXTREMELY HARD. THIS CLASS IS RIGOROUS AND CHALLENGING, BUT HE'S GOING TO HELP YOU TO BECOME A GREAT TEACHER.
5.0 : Professor Lavery is the best! She is a fantastic conductor, and she knows how to help and motivate her students. She is one of my favorite professors ever.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I have had at USC. Take him!
2.0 : Doesn't check for understanding and it is very difficult to understand his notes. His writing is all over the board and extremely messy without much explanation or reason between steps. He works through the material extremely quickly on his own while the entire class is trying to catch up in a haste with no idea what is going on. Save yourself.
3.0 : I took Prof. Mikulevicius for MATH129. He is knowledgeable and friendly, but has a thick accent and writes extremely quickly on the whiteboard, which makes his lectures and explanations difficult to follow. I have nothing against him as a person--he is a great guy--but I would not recommend taking him as a MATH 129 professor.
3.5 : MATH 245 is a tough class, but he really wants you to understand the theory behind the math.  He's very smart which sometimes makes it hard to follow him, but I've heard that his office hours are very helpful (not that I go).  He's definitely better than some other math teachers at SC, and although it's hard, it's survivable with some work.
5.0 : I have been Dr. Stewart Gordon's piano student for almost 10 years and he is the most wonderful person that I have ever met. Not only is he the best teacher that I could possibly have, but he is kind, humble, highly intelligent, my favorite pianist, and makes each lesson fun. I would not have gotten this far as a pianist without him!
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors I've had thus far. Explains everything very clearly, and at the end of the course you'll see that you've learned a ton. Tests are fair, and you can clearly tell he cares about his students their learning. I found the labs in 209 to be more fun and straight forward than the labs in 109.
5.0 : The class itself wasn't too bad and Redekopp is really good at explaining the concepts that were slightly difficult.
5.0 : Best professor I had. I would be willing to lick his shoes clean if he asked me to.
5.0 : He explains these fundamental topics amazingly. Going to lecture allowed me to understand tough concepts easily. He's also very helpful in office hours. Wish I could take more classes with him.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've had in my time at USC. His lectures are concise and engaging, and he addresses students' questions with total clarity. It's not an easy class, but Redekopp makes the material make perfect sense and gave me incentive to show up to his 8:30am lectures.
5.0 : Redekopp is one of my favorite CS professors at USC. If he could teach me every class I needed to graduate, I'd do it. Lectures are clear and helpful. Exams are fair and homework isn't too crazy (given I had him for a programming course).  Take his class!
5.0 : Great teacher, he's always ready to help when needed. He's really good at explaining the material and making it easy to understand.
5.0 : If you haven't gathered as much already, this guy is a complete legend. He makes the material seem like absolute child's-play and has his lectures down to a science. Also, he's really helpful in office hours and is just a super solid guy. Take him at any chance you get.
5.0 : He really knows how to teach, he knows the subject and how students think and understand and evn pay attention, listening to him is all you need to do to feel like you understand it, no need to take notes. his homework is understandable and he is the most easy to ask help from professor.
4.5 : Tends to repeat the last 3 or 4 words of every sentence. Unsure if odd, endearing quirk, or done for students' comprehension.   Otherwise, amazing professor. Always on his toes. 1010 would take again.   Best thing? He's there for his students. Always pauses for questions. Very sharp. Makes otherwise convoluted material crystal clear.
5.0 : Redekopp is one of the best professors in Viterbi. He can explain any concept or problem easily and clearly. His EE 109 class is the perfect level of difficulty; it's challenging but you learn a whole lot from it if you study and try to understand the concepts.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had here at SC. He answers questions well, his lectures are difficult, but manageable if you pay attention, and he's got a great sense of humor to boot. Take his classes!
5.0 : If you thought CSCI 103 was hard, just wait until you take this class. Very hard work and homework are tedious. Professor was helpful but it doesn't matter when it comes to 104 because you are the one who's gonna do all the coding. Please do not major in CS just for the money because you are going to regret it after you take this class.
5.0 : Prof. Redekopp is a legend among CSEE majors and for good reason. Each lecture has tons of content but he always makes sure to ask if everyone is keeping up. He genuinely cares about students. Only prof. I've had to remember the name of every student within 3 weeks of the sem. Welcoming and helpful in office hours.
5.0 : P much the only prof I know who has everyone attend his 8am lectures. EXTREMELEY great at explaining difficult concepts, his analogies are legendary and helpful, and a cool guy to hang around (I have a friend who played basketball with him at Lyon once). CS104 is designed to kick you in the ass, but I'm glad I got my ass kicked by Redekopp.
5.0 : Although Redekopp is a great professor who explains things very clearly, this class was way to hard for an intro course. As someone with no CS experience I felt like the expectation was way to high and it didn't help that most people had a background in programming. My advice is to start your assignments the day you get them and reach out for help.
4.5 : He's a great teacher and keeps lectures interactive and interesting. Really friendly and available for help. Class itself has extremely heavy workload (15+ hours of programming HW a week) and difficult exams (midterm and final were worth 30% and 40% of grade respectively) but grading curve makes getting at least an A- fairly easy (70% was an A-)
5.0 : Love Professor Redekopp! His lectures are amazing and super clear, he makes understanding C++ easy. Every assignment is worthwhile and important, grading is very clear. Would really recommend him as a professor!
4.5 : Without Redekopp, Harry Potter doesn't defeat Voldemort.  End of discussion.
5.0 : Very good at explaining difficult concepts and actually seems like he cares about the students. He'll go out of his way during lectures to make sure that there aren't any unanswered questions. Super helpful during office hours and lab hours.
5.0 : After taking 103, I was actually pretty sure I was going to change my major but decided to take 104 to be sure. Redekopp is the reason I'm sticking with CS! Although this class was incredibly difficult, he made a huge effort to make sure all students understood every single concept. He is very personable and truly cares about each student.
5.0 : BEST BEST BEST prof! He has the magic power to turn difficult knowledge points into straightforward. His lectures are well ordered and well logical. And his video pre-lectures are EXTREMELY helpful, except they don't cover all materials.  The only bad thing I can think about him is that he doesn't teach all the courses in EE &amp; CS Departments.
5.0 : If you are CS at USC, you have probably already heard about Redekopp. He is the best lecturer here!!  I took his Operating System during the summer. Although a notorious class, and it was the professor's first time teaching it, you can expect to understand everything conceptually. It was amazing! However, the projects are still very VERY tedious.
5.0 : For years I heard csci-350 is the most challenging thing you do as a cs undergrad in USC. But Redekopp really made the whole learning experience quite enjoyable. If you go to every class, you can really understand everything. He is just that amazing at teaching, and also very good at answering question and giving feedback. He is definitely the best
5.0 : Great professor! Extremely clear, amazing lectures. Overall great professor - would highly recommend!
5.0 : One of the best classes I have taken. Watching the lectures was genuinely fun. Very clear and precise. Projects were fun. Highly recommended. I will say that there is a ton of homework and it was hard  taking it over the summer and having a full time job.
5.0 : One of the best professors. The best way the course can be taught.
5.0 : Nice!
5.0 : He gives amazing lectures and explains everything clearly. You'll have good fundamental C++ skills if you pay attention to the details he mentions.
4.0 : Redekopp is one of the best lecturer at USC. I'm not a CS major, but I learned a lot form him. It's a tough class if you never coded before, but Redekopp does such a great job at explaining concepts. His slides are basically the bible of CS at USC. He's always willing to help you out. Go to his office hours!
5.0 : Mark William Redekopp is a legend for a reason. He can make any subject interesting and easy, and he learns all his students' names, somehow including the ones who don't show up to class. He's funny, motivating, cares about your success and is all in all one of the best professors I've ever had. You have to take his class, holy cow
5.0 : Alot of work but learned a lot. Great professor and his lectures are worth going to.
5.0 : Dudes amazing. I have a different professor for my EE109 lectures, but Ill alwaysgo to redekopps office hours. One time I didnt really understand a pretty important concept, and I had to use it for the assigned lab of the week. I come in clueless and he explains the whole thing to me in like a few words and suddenly all of basic EE makes sense.
5.0 : Amazing dude in CS &amp; EE. He can explain everything in a few sentences and his lecture is prepared in a way that, say, impeccable. Every aspect of the lecture/hw/PA is so well organized that you can relatively follow along. Professor Redekopp is little short of miraculous.
5.0 : Really good teacher, explains everything really well and in depth.  Likes to keep the class light and not too intense.  Tests so far were as expected.  You do have to work hard.
5.0 : He's literally the BEST CS professor at USC. You don't wanna miss him in your college career.
5.0 : I am so glad thatI got the chance to have Redekopp as a professor. He's truly a wonderful human being who cares about you and your success as long as you care too. He does a very good job making himself accessible with his office hours and also allows opportunities for his students to connect with him in more of an informal non-classroom setting.
3.5 : If you do not know anything about conductors, resistors, etc. you will have to pay close attention in class to keep up. However, Redekopp makes it really simple for you to get to where you need to be. He is extremely helpful during office hours and while you work on your labs in class. The class as a whole is do able just know you have to work it.
5.0 : Definitely good prof!
5.0 : Hands down the best professor! He uses a lot of analogies, which rarely any engineering prof. does and has an insane way of explaining difficult concepts in a way that's perfectly precise/simple. Didn't do well in the class, but I've never learned so much in 1 semester and I was actually able to apply what I learned to outside projects.
5.0 : What  can I say that hasn't been said already? He's a legend.
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had the pleasure of learning under. Truly cares about whether everyone in the room has understood the concepts. Understands how certain things may be difficult and has the best approach to teaching them properly.
5.0 : Enthusiastic, and gives clear explanations. Knows material well enough to answer somewhat off topic questions in depth. Generally approachable, would recommend.
5.0 : Amazing CS professor! Really makes the concepts clear and gives real examples that put what you're learning in context. Super smart and willing to help you with programs or understanding content. Even sprinkles some humor in once in a while. Really hope to take him again!
5.0 : I've taken classes at 3 other schools and Mark is the best professor I've ever seen. I was pretty familiar with topics in 103 since I had some prior programming experience but I was still amazed by the way he explained everything. Also he's super nice and helpful. You don't want to miss the chance to take his class if you're a CS/EE student at USC.
4.5 : If you don't know nothing about micro controllers (like me), EE109 is going to be really hard. However, you will lear A LOT. Get ready to work for the labs, they are very difficult at the beginning since it is all new (for me). Prof Redekopp is awesome, on the other hand I never understood anything of what prof weber was trying to explain.
5.0 : Funny guy. Clear and fantastic explanations.
4.5 : Awesome professor - really cares about his students' learning &amp; interest.  His lecture slides are very clear, and he is very available and helpful during office hours when I needed clarification or had questions.  I felt I learned a lot and find the course material very interesting and applicable!
5.0 : I wasn't in his lecture, but in his lab. He is an amazing professor. He helps with understanding the labs (which are difficult if you don't know what you are doing). He is also great in office hours. You are never bored when he is around. Labs are fun if you know what you are doing, ask for help!
5.0 : One of the best professors for Viterbi. He makes the effort to know all or most of his students and remembered my name even after a year of not taking his classes. He is amazing at explaining concepts--very simple and clear. His EE109 class was really challenging for me but I learned so much from that class.
5.0 : The best professor at USC I've ever had. He gives clear explanations for difficult concepts and makes it very easy.  He is well-prepared for the materials and knows what he is talking about. Very smart and yet remains one of the humblest professors at USC. Strongly recommended.
5.0 : Professor Meshkati is one of the greatest teachers and human beings I've ever met. His kindness spills into every one of his lectures and his passion and enthusiasm is infectious. He cares immensely about all of his students and goes above and beyond to teach you the subject &amp; to teach you about the world. Take ANY class you can with him!
4.5 : One of the best professors I have had thus far.  He is passionate about engineering and the future of the world and cares so much about his students.  He made lectures much more interesting as his passion is infectious.  Take him any opportunity you can get.
5.0 : Meshkati is one of the best in the ISE department, hands down. Go to class and listen and you will do well. 2 midterms, both fair and a final. Textbook is okay, and he is good about putting material on Blackboard.
5.0 : The class is not that hard, but he is not very organized. So, you should definitely take notes in class. There is no study guide, so its basically everything that he ever talked about. But, on the other hand hand he is extremely helpful and friendly. Don't miss classes though, he notices and calls out the next time you are in his class.
5.0 : Professor Meshkati is an absolutely amazing man. He cares so much about his students and helps you realize things about yourself you may not have known. I highly recommend taking his Engineering Diplomacy GESM in social analysis as a freshman. This course is so interesting and not too demanding so it is great for a transitioning student.
5.0 : His lectures are captivating and awe inspiring. The topic of the Holocaust is so heavy but he handles it in such a fluid way. There are only two exams and one term paper. This gives you time to enjoy the class and spend less time stressing out.
5.0 : Loved her class. Learned so much and feel like I am a better writer today because of it.
5.0 : Easy class, very laid back. She focuses on writing concisely and hates fluff.
3.5 : Dr H is a pretty typical Spanish teacher. She expects a lot and doesn't do a lot of the "fun" things other professors do, but it isn't particularly difficult. PARTICIPATE! Do your portfolios early. Tests are hard, but those are mandated by the dept. Shr always advocates for her students if there are problems. You'll most likely be fine.
5.0 : Spanish 220 curriculum is the same for all professors so the workload is as much as any other professor, but is super manageable. Tests aren't too difficult, if you study even a little you'll be fine. She's so nice &amp; does her best to make sure no one is lost. Willing to answer questions &amp; stay after class to talk if you need to. Such a sweet woman.
5.0 : My favorite class this semester. Very accessible and cares about her students a lot. Sweetest lady I've ever met. 4 tests that aren't too difficult, and 1 midterm. Lots of other assignments but they're fairly easy and help your grade in the class.
5.0 : Dr. Hakoupian is genuinely one of the kindest professors at USC. She is highly knowledgeable regarding language, literature and speech.
5.0 : DON'T TAKE PASS/FAIL. This class is so easy to get an A. Dr. Hakoupian is one of the most genuine professors at USC and will explain things multiple times until you understand it. The tests are super easy but the homework takes a long time. If you're taking Spanish, take Hakoupian!!
5.0 : I can easily say that she is one of the best professors at USC. She gives her students supplementary assignments to prepare us for exams and gives us extra in class practice for speaking test so no one fails. This class is not hard, but not super easy either. Not hard at all to get an A. Extremely kind hearted and passionate. No need for pass/fail
5.0 : Proffessor Hakoupian truly just wants to see you understand the material and get a good grade. She will make sure you understand what she's saying, to the point where she gets a little repetative. But she is honestly so sweet and tries so hard. You do get graded on participation, but just speak up every once in a while and you'll be fine.
5.0 : SPAN220 is annoying with all the projects and stuff, but Hakoupian is so helpful in getting you through it. She genuinely cares about the success of all her students and makes sure you understand the material. She is also very open with office hours and encourages students to ask for help if they need it.
5.0 : Dr. Hakoupian was one of my favorite professors of the semester. She is extremely nice and caring, and she'll go out of her way to make herself available to anyone. Being able to speak six languages and having lived all over the world, she is an extremely interesting person. We used the textbook everyday, and participation/attendance matters.
4.0 : Spanish 220 is hard in the sense there are a lot more complicated topics being taught (no matter what teacher you have--its all the same). With that being said, Dr. Hakoupian is really sweet and truly cares about her students. She does follow what the Spanish department tells her to do, but she is a good professor for this class!
5.0 : The BEST professor I've ever had! Dr. Wenstrom has definitely been my savior! Last semester I took with her (122) I was out sick a lot because the heat of finals made me so intensely stressed. I explained to her what happened and she didn't penalize me in the slightest and allowed me a ton of extra time to hand in my assignments! Super smart, too!
5.0 : I took this class pass/fail. Didn't really attend after the first month. Didn't present in class. Ended up stressing a lot for the two quizzes offered during the semester. To get the correct analysis, going to class is mandatory, in my opinion. There's also a 15 page paper which is due at the end. I did end up getting an A (?) in the end though.
5.0 : Prof Bowlt is the sweetest old man, and he's a great professor. I really like art history, so his class was interesting, but I can see why it would be boring for some - his lectures tend to be just him talking about paintings for 1.5 hours. One page essays every week, and you have to do a presentation. Midterm fairly easy. 15 pg final paper.
5.0 : This man is one of the best professors I have ever had, and such a genuine guy. I didn't think a Russian art class would be that interesting but it ended up being my favorite class this semester. He is extremely engaging and has a great sense of humor. Go to lecture, take good notes, put some effort into the final paper and you'll do great.
4.0 : prof bowlt has 2 quizzes (basically tests) and assigns a minimum 15 page paper. going to class is mandatory if you want to do well. if you go to all the classes and take good notes and study you will do fine. if you put in the effort, you will get an A.
5.0 : Bowlt is the man.  The class can be a bit slow at times but Bowlt's always friendly and funny.  Weekly short papers that don't take too long and a final 15 page essay, but lots of freedom in what you write about.  If you pay attention and show that you care about and enjoy the class, you'll have a great time and do well!
5.0 : Amazing professor. Just attend lectures and take down info about every painting. Tests are easy as long as you do the memorization. Super helpful and adorable as well.
5.0 : Changed my life. LOVE the Russian Avant-Garde. Love the Silver Age. Love John Bowlt!!
5.0 : Tests require memorization. Homework is very interesting.
4.0 : Excellent communicator and teacher
3.0 : He is such a relaxed stats professor. He punctuates classes with funny anecdotes and is so approachable all throughout the course. He's the best stats professor offered by USC because he prefers practical applications and his tests are manageable.
5.0 : My favorite prof at SC! He explains the concepts extremely well. The tests are EXACTLY what he taught us in class. Listen to lectures and you'll be fine. But you can read the text to understand it better. He's very nice, very funny and EXTREMELY helpful during office hours. At least 5-6 kids are at his office at all times and he helps everyone.
3.5 : No homework, 4 quizzes, 3 midterms,  group project, and a final. Group project is simple. Quizzes are usually given a class or two before the midterm which is really good practice. He goes pretty fast through concepts so if you are confused simply ask! What matters to him is not just your grades, but your progress and effort in the class.
5.0 : Really does love his students. BEST professor I've had at USC and I hate stats. NEVER ever had a professor have a line out the door each time they hold office hours, but it's because he cares and help you understand the material. Go to class everyday, listen, take notes, and do the hw and it's an easy B. A if you put in a little extra time.
5.0 : My favorite Econ class thus far, and it's ECONOMETRICS....that says something about the professor. He goes above and beyond to make sure everyone understands and as long as you attend class you'll be good to go for the exams. Very enjoyable class for a subject that could be dreadful with other professors. TAKE HIM if you get the chance.
5.0 : No homework, 4 quizzes, 3 midterms, 1 final, 1 group project. All you need to know for your exams are in his lectures, so come to class and take detailed notes (even things you think aren't necessary, unless he says so). He helps students every time, even if tests were hard (esp. finals). but he made me like econ :) come w/ a positive mind it helps
5.0 : I was terrified to take stats but it ended up being my favorite class. Safarzadeh is really helpful and hilarious. Lots of practice problems in class and almost weekly homework assignments. Four non-cumulative exams and one group "project." Attend class and do the homeworks and you can get an A
5.0 : Patient and meticulous. The best Econ professor I've ever had at USC. He has four tests in total, but none of them is cumulative, and they are all very similar to the homework assigned. Highly recommend him!
5.0 : He is super helpful. Just make sure to attend his lectures.
4.5 : Go to class, take notes, clear things up in office hours and you will get at least an A-. Do problems sets he gives you as he bases the tests on these (very similar problems).
3.0 : It's true; Safarzadeh is a very nice person and if you go to office hours he will help you. But his teaching style is very frustrating. He makes assumptions that you know the basics (in a entry class) and does not bother to explain things in depth. His tests are graded harshly. Does not follow textbook closely. Basically a self-teaching course.
4.0 : ECON 352- best professor offered. His classes are structured in a logical manner he prepares you for the midterms very well. Not boring at all.  No test is cumulative and tests are similar to sample quizzes.
3.0 : Prof. Safarzadeh is a very nice guy, but often does not explain Econ concepts clearly. Bought the textbook, but never used it. No homework, and tests are easy if you're good at memorization. Would not recommend this class to someone with no previous Macro knowledge. Class really depends on self-studying, and his office hours are pretty packed.
5.0 : Best professor at USC! Always willing to help! Don't need textbook, just pay attention in class, take notes, study exam practice, and you will get an A!
2.5 : Be aware, this feedback is deceptive. I switched into his class thinking he was one of the better professors for Econ352X (which might actually still be the case). But he has a very monotone voice which makes his lectures impossible to listen to. He doesn't really elaborate much off of the ppts. When he cracks a joke, he's hilarious but it's rare.
5.0 : Very nice and smart guy. You learn a lot too!
4.0 : This class was pretty easy, but since it is easy, everyone did pretty well on tests. His grading criteria is pretty unclear and no one knew what their grade was until there posted. No homework. 4 quizzes, 3 midterms, and a final. Gives out practice tests which are similar to the midterms. Go to office hours. They're packed but he's really helpful.
5.0 : Professor Ziegler cares so much about her students and the subject matter.  She makes me proud to be a social worker.
5.0 : Ive learned so much about course content and even more about myself Thanks so much!!! She is passionate and extremely knowledgeable i wont forget her. You have to work for you A.  My first paper was tough due to citations and apa format, however i pulled it together fast and got a A. Class is more like discussion... TAKE THIS CLASSSS....
5.0 : She is amazing!!!!!!!! Please do not miss her and her course. You will learn a lot that expire your imagine!
3.5 : Oh, Freed. She's truly one of a kind, and I'm not sure I mean that in a good way. To be fair, she is a very committed and good professor, and she expects that same commitment from her students. Get ready to work. I recommend going to her TA's office hours because she only wanted to converse or mock your questions in her's. Def get on her good side!
4.0 : Professor Freed is a great teacher. She is clear with her content and what she expects you to know for each test and quiz. She has an attitude which you just have to get used to and if you need help she offers many office hours with her and her instructor's aids. Overall she is excellent, just make sure you keep up with the content every week.
5.0 : Professor Freed is great at explaining difficult concepts. She expects students to come prepared and to participate. 2 tests and 3 quizzes for financial and 1 test and 2 quizzes for managerial. 1 group project. Overall she is an amazing professor that really prepares you very well. Lot of work but worth it! Would highly recommend.
4.5 : Professor Freed was hands down the best professor I've ever had. She knows her material, is very organized, and expects a lot from her students. If you're looking for an easy A, this is not the class for you. However, if you work hard and show interest in class, you will do just fine.
5.0 : Great professor. Hard grader. Be sure to attend the classes, get a lot of participation points. Dont forget to do homeworks. Quiz and midterms are not hard but need study. Final harder than the rest.
5.0 : Freed really cares about her students and whether they learn from her class, more so than any other professor I've had. During office hours, she is extremely helpful and will give tips on studying for her tests and quizzes. That said, her class is a lot of work and takes more time than my other classes (and I'm not even an accounting major).
5.0 : AMAZING professor! She really cares about her students, but the class is not easy. You will have mandatory homework for each class, and attendance is very important. You have to work for that A (doable), but you walk out of that class knowing more accounting than most intro classes. Highly recommend if you genuinely want to learn about accounting!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors as USC. She is a hard professor, but you will pass her class knowing accounting (fyi she passes everyone, but you will learn). You have a huge accounting project and presentation to do, but it was really fun! Tests are difficult, but manageable.
5.0 : Professor Freed hands down is the best professor I have taken at USC.  She makes accounting interesting and applies it to the real world.  She expects students to work hard and come prepared for class.  She does not like lazy students or bad team members.  Would take her again!!!
5.0 : Professor Freed is the best teacher I have had at USC thus far. She expects a lot out of her students, but that is because she gives a lot of effort to her students. She's prepared, organized and prints out slides for every class for everyone. She talks about relevant topics and gives feedback and grades back hastily. She is fiery but a sweetheart.
4.0 : Professor Freed really cares about her students.  Gives you practice problems similar to what will be on the exams.  However, you must go to office hours to get the answers to the practice problems.  Is very willing to help her students.  Would take her class again.
5.0 : She is the best professor in USC. I always enjoyed her lectures and other information that she told me during class or office hours! Especially the final presentation was the best experience during USC.
4.0 : Professor Freed was absolutely incredible! Though, this class was extremely hard and the main task is to keep up and to not procrastinate! Freed became a second Mom to the entire class because she really cared and made sure everyone fully comprehended what we were doing at all times. Take a lot of notes and pay attention to the details!
3.0 : Get ready to make this class your life if you want an A. She is definitely good at what she does but quickly loses patience with students and almost gets mad if you ask a question. She gives soo much reading and homework as if this is the only class you're taking and she's very strict. She does give good advice and makes lecture fun and interesting
5.0 : What I love best about this professor is that she is well prepared and does not like slackers .  It is amazing that students pay so much to go to USC and then don't engage in class. Those students complain that she is mean when they are five slides behind the class and she passes them over.  Take her and you will be prepared for the business world.
4.5 : You will have to make accounting your life to  get an A
3.0 : She is very strict in attendance. Very tough class. LOTS OF HOMEWORK
4.5 : Her lectures are clear and concise. She knows what she is talking about. Very good at teaching Accounting. Take her, she is a good professor but don't expect a nice person. Passive agressive and picks on students at times. Tests are similar to sample problems. The pbs are straightforward, the hardest is the MCQ (almost 2% per question)!Be careful!
5.0 : She is undoubtedly the best professor I have ever had. She is always well prepared and does not like slackers . If you go to her office hours and put in effort she will reward you and your life will be much easier. She is so caring, hilarious, and passionate about accounting and her students. You would be crazy not to take a class with her!
5.0 : Prof Freed is caring. Class starts and ends on time. Takes attendance. Difficult class to get an A in. Easy B, B+. If you are an accounting major, take her you will learn. Has a big group project that is time consuming, but interesting, fun, and useful. Would recommend if you are willing to work for it, if not, better take somebody else.
4.5 : She's very organized and sometimes hints whats on tests and quizzes, which is GREAT. Attendance is part of participation points but she lets you give articles for extra participation points. Tests are quite tough but highly doable as long as you really understand the concepts. She's a very lenient grader and she's hilarious! I learned so much!
5.0 : Professor Freed is awesome! She is ALWAYS clear on what she expects. You will do good in her class if for quizzes you do the practice multiple choice, for exams you go through the practice problems and review your homework problems, and if you go to her office hours if you don't understand something, which she has a lot.
3.0 : Did a wonderful job of delivering a writing course for a CS graduate class. Gives a lot of essential tips to writing and speaking in a professional software engg environment.
5.0 : Kathi is one of my favorite professors. She is very intelligent, and sweet. Her class and readings are super interesting. The class is half virtual which is really nice. Projects are fair and interactive.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at USC! She loves having discussions with students and really wants to ensure that you succeed. Really get to know her if you can, she is so sweet and intelligent! She is a MUST for any French class! :)
5.0 : Nathalie is so sweet and nice and genuinely wants the best for all of her students. she tries to make everyone participate by asking about their weekends and such and for the oral final she just chats w you about you interests instead of interrogating you. HIGHLY recommend for any french class. one of the best professors I've had.
4.0 : really really sweet teacher, definitely cares a lot about all of her students. she's a fair grader, might be a bit disorganized but she means well! workload isn't that heavy, but there are a few group projects/presentations (no reason to stress). would recommend her for language requirements
4.0 : Nathalie is great. She cares a lot about her students and can be pretty funny. Her kid is hilarious if she ever brings him to class. You can skip classes here and there but as usual, she'll take to it much better if you warn her and get the work done in advance that you'll miss. She's kind of lenient about some deadlines and will help if you ask!
5.0 : Nathalie is an absolute gem of a human. I had her for FR300, and while she was pretty lenient with getting things turned in on time, she had clear expectations for what she wanted from her students. Super accessible outside class, and not intimidating to talk to. Highly recommend her class - you'll have fun and learn at the same time.
5.0 : She is one of a kind. Great class and great discussions. She also goes through the material in depth. Fair grader and intellectually stimulating. Being a native speaker, she will push you to speak French like a native, and to understand the culture. She is very kindand she is hot.
5.0 : I LOVE professor Burle! She is kind and fun and understands that learning french is difficult. She isn't like the other french professors (rigid, strict, stick to every rule) which makes learning easier.
5.0 : If you're planning on taking French, look no further for a professor. Madame Burle knows all the nuances of the language, is EXCELLENT at explaining (first in French, then in English IF we're all coming up blank), and makes sure you understand exactly what's going on. She's also funny, caring, and a genuinely intelligent professor.
5.0 : Madame Burle is by far the best french professor I have ever had! She is kind, sweet and genuine. Her lectures adequately cover the material on the exams. Also, she honestly pushes each and every one of her students to succeed. GREAT PROF!
5.0 : A sweet, caring and informative professor. Very grateful to have had her as my professor and hope to have her again. She's the best.
5.0 : Nathalie is an absolutely extraordinary woman and professor. She is the most helpful professor and is truly invested in the success of every one of her students. Her French is so clear and understandable. The key to succeeding is participation in class. The entire class is conversational and you'll get back whatever effort you put in.
4.0 : Nathalie is really nice, and loves to give the class life lessons and talk about philosophy, especially when you get to L'Etranger. I felt pretty comfortable in class and she didn't usually call on people directly. I would suggest doing the daily homework on time though, sometimes she checks it and sometimes she forgets and asks for it the next day
5.0 : Professor Huang is a tough grader, but also appreciates and recognizes when students put in effort. If you take the class seriously you'll do well.
2.5 : This is the first year he has taught Chinese I since 2004... His explanation of Chinese grammar and rhetoric is fuzzy at best. He's also harsh with beginners, often asking them to repeat the pronunciation of word until they have it right. He expects a lot from the class and often runs over the allotted class time.
1.5 : Awful professor. Berates you and treats you like you're stupid if you don't understand rather than trying to help. Has powerpoint slides which objectify women. Ruined my love for the language.
4.0 : I took this class to get rid of the language requirement. I thought the class was easy because my chinese is already decent, but I found that many of my peers didn't think it was that easy. Don't take him if you're new to chinese or looking for an easy A. He seems to expect more from his students than usual. Read the textbook and study characters.
5.0 : He's a great and humor professor! He's always willing to help.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Extremely kind and cares about your improvement a lot. Have learnt a lot through the class.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Extremely kind and generous, and cares a lot about your improvement.
5.0 : Great professor with a sense of humor. It's the first time this conversational class is offered, and he really engages students by using Chinese news articles as the "textbook" and encourage students to discuss about them. Students also get to teach class and participate in a final debate project. Greatly improved my ability to read and speak!
5.0 : Josie is literally the best professor you could ever have. She is the most talented, intelligent, helpful, and understanding professor in the history of professors. Do yourself a favor and take her class! She encourages deep thought and creativity I was not aware I had! She is my favorite professor hands down!
5.0 : This was by far the best course I have EVER taken, though a bit hard but thats because he wants you to know each and every detail that could help you in future and it surely helps
5.0 : Really awesome lectures in this class. Highly refined course materials based on recent research papers.
5.0 : There was a semester-long project for filling out "JOS" (an operating system) in C and so you get to dig deep into an implementation of a kernel. There were a lot of systems papers to read and studying the papers for the quizzes felt quite stressful because there was a lot to take in. This is one of the most rewarding courses I've taken.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC. The course is well structured and totally worth the effort. Need to work a lot for the grades but totally worth it at the end. Any questions are encouraged in the class and in person.
5.0 : I took SOCI242 and it was the easiest thing. I didn't even put much effort and I got an A.  Midterm was a test and final was a paper. The course was taught by Casper and another professor Sternheimer. Casper's lecture was much funner than Sternheimer's. There is also CDP assignment but it's not hard, just follow the requirement and you'll be fine.
4.0 : This class was offered for the first time this year and so there were some kinks to iron out. Prof. Casper taught the second portion and the material she covered was extremely dry and she assigned long, tedious homework. Still, the class was really easy and she was pretty nice. Overall, not a bad experience.
5.0 : I don't find the readings mandatory she covers them all in lecture and in slide.   One of the best professors in the sociology department by far.   Don't take this as your first sociology class, she expects you to draw on previous class knowledge as its upper division even though there's no pre reqs
5.0 : SOCI 242 is not the easiest class in the world. The material is not hard; but there is a lot of writing in the class (CDP project is awful). Casper is really sweet and funny but her demography lectures are kinda dry and boring. She truly cares about what she teaches and her students as well.
5.0 : Soci 242 wasn't the best class I've taken here. Casper is really funny and does a great job with the lecture. However, the CDP project is annoying and a lot of work if you wait last minute. TA's grade everything. Wasn't a hard class but I wouldn't take it again. Really geared for Pre-med students--thus kinda hard.
3.0 : Not a fan.  He is really disorganized and has a total of 7 required texts which is ridiculous.  He really knows his stuff but if you can't keep up he totally leaves you behind.  When he asks a question and you don't answer immediately he will skip over you without giving you a chance.
4.0 : Roze is a great teacher who is extremely knowledgeable about what he is teaching. However don't expect an easy class. He expects you to work, and the workload that is assigned throughout the semester reflects it. If you have to take this class and want to get it over and done with, I suggest you take it with another teacher!
5.0 : I've had Roze for two years now in Theory and Aural Skills, and WOW. He is AMAZING. To be clear, you will work hard in this class. But as long as you put in effort into your homework and actively listen to the lectures, he'll give genuinely helpful feedback. Incredibly passionate &amp; caring. Would highly recommend sticking with him the whole 2 years.
4.5 : Took his year long composition for non-majors course (I am a music performance major).  He is an incredible teacher and knows everything.  He sets the bar high so be prepared to work and you will learn a ton.
2.0 : I think he means well, but is a bit misguided. He gives a lot of  busy work. He tries to make you buy a lot of extra stuff. He also isn't particularly fond of students with perfect pitch, and tries to do everything in his power to stop such students from testing out. I had to go above him and demand a challenge exam. Overall, I don't recommend him.
4.0 : Roze is great. However, he expects ALOT from his students. He has worked years and years to create study material to help you get better at theory and aural skills and it really works if you put in the time. Really nice guy to sit down during office hours with.
4.0 : The class has chronic structural problems, but Professor Yen is generally there to help. Quizzes and labs count for a substantial portion of your grade, so don't take them lightly. If you've taken AP Chemistry/ Physics through circuits, the class is a breeze. The assigned videos can generally be skipped as long as you read the online notes.
5.0 : Shelly is the most inspirational teacher I've had. He's always willing to work with students one-on-one outside of class. Lectures can go a bit over sometimes, but it's worth staying because he has so much to say about publishing!
4.0 : Wonderful professor. Very easy A if you study dates and important works. He's extremely talented and knowledgable in the field. Also a hilarious lecturer, he says the funniest things during lecture so the lectures aren't too dry. All in all, one of my favorite professors at SC and a wacky dude. Definitely recommend his class.
3.5 : Knows what he is talking about but if you have no background or you are not an art history major stay away. The amount of information you must remember is crazy! Good professor but information wise it is crazy! If you miss one sentence in lecture, you are screwed
3.5 : Good prof but the information is insane. If you are not an art history major or do not have a background in Greek art definitely stay away. You miss 5 minutes in lecture you are screwed. 80% of what is in lecture is not in his notes but on the test. Good guy and teacher but takes a ton of dedication
4.0 : Prof. is very knowledgable on subject matter and is definitely passionate about it. It's not hard to get a decent grade in this class, but is difficult to get an A because of all the quizzes and he's not the easiest grader on essays. Midterm and final are both essays, so unless you really know the material, you can't BS your way to an A. Nice prof!
5.0 : Dr. Tucker is the best teacher I've had at USC. She absolutely formed my college writing style. She challenged me more than any other professor. Would recommend to anyone who wants to improve their writing. She is tough but fair; be respectful of her time and try hard, and you will do well.
5.0 : If you want to learn how to write well, and actually enjoy the process, take Dr. Tucker's class.  She is extremely helpful, and makes class fun and interesting. She has lots of handouts, and is very organized and efficient with time. You have to work for it in her class; she has high expectations. She loves participation, so make sure you speak!
4.5 : Professor Tucker is incredibly organized and reliable. She makes you work hard for your grade but all the work she provides is rewarding and I always had the sense that she clearly knew what she was doing in leading our class. She also truly cares about your development as a writer and challenges you to change the way you read, write, and think.
1.5 : Requires way too much time than this class was ever worth, and unhelpful in actual instruction past the basics. For students with no outside commitments/light majors or those who are used to a high-school style of micromanagement and busy work, this class might have been relatively normal. This class belongs to freshman year of high school. Avoid.
5.0 : Professor Tucker assigns lots of reading and writing, but it's an honors class, so I expected it to be a challenge. I loved the reading list and got to write papers on topics I cared about, which was great. Professor Tucker made every class period interesting and she really cared about helping me be the best writer I could be.
5.0 : Great teacher. Very clear about what her expectations are, and she will expect you to put in effort. However, if you do, your writing will improve by leaps and bounds. Cannot emphasize enough how much I learned from taking her class. She instructed us clearly on how to do analytical writing and really think about what we wanted to write.
4.0 : Amazing professor with incredibly interesting reading/film curriculum. It's a writing class, but most of the discussion is closer to that of a literature/film analysis class. Tutorials are very helpful. Pretty much tells you what she wants to fix at tutorials, so you know how to get the grade. Grades on improvement. Do the reading/watching.
4.0 : good
5.0 : I took Dr. Tucker's Survival Skills class (CORE 112) and I loved everything about it from the reading to the discussions to the professor herself.  Dr. Tucker really helps you improve your writing, and if you just put in an honest effort, as in really put in the time and take her feedback, you will do well. The books you read are amazing. 10/10
4.0 : Dr. Tucker is tough, and she grades her class on improvement. She is a really good teacher and really smart, and if you have a problem she is also really approachable and understanding, and quick to respond to emails. If you're ready to work on essays and understand constructive feedback, her class is good for you.
5.0 : Dr. Tucker is an absolute gem. I had her for Core 111 and Core 200 (a reading salon) and I've never been around a person who knows writing and literature quite like her. My writing is so much better for having known her. Plus, she's ridiculously nice and loves her students. Ask to be in her core 111 or 112 if you can!
5.0 : Professor Tucker is an absolutely phenomenal teacher who understands how important organized and thoughtful writing is in the world. From day one she pushed me to analyze as creatively as possible, and I ended up writing the most interesting essays of my life. And she's a USC TO graduate herself, so she understands how students feel.  RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Professor Fellenzer is one of the best professors at USC. Not only does he have tons of connections seen by guest speakers such as Scott Boras, Keyshawn Johnson, and George Raveling, but he also gives great advice about life and knows a lot about sports. The class grading consists of 3 Quizzes, 1 Midterm, Final, and just showing up to class. Easy A
5.0 : Fellenzer is one of the nicest, most helpful professors at USC. Make an effort to get to know him and he'll keep in contact, review your resume, etc. VERY easy class as long as you study the readings and the weekly woodens.
4.0 : ATTENTION! He and guest speakers are nice. But exams are by no means that easy! Especially if you don't know much about sports, HARD!!!
5.0 : This class is awesome! It requires very little work. You just need to read the articles and study for the tests and quizzes. He is very helpful and relaxed. You get to talk about sports all class and hear amazing guest speakers. Nothing better than that.
4.0 : Shames is a great guy. He genuinely cares about the success of his students and is always willing to help. He can throw curveballs on tests, but if you study hard they are not bad.
5.0 : Shames is definitely hands down the BEST accounting professor you could be lucky enough to have. He gives you hints on tests, he tells you exactly what is going to be on the tests, and is a very understanding and lenient grader and professor overall. Take advantage of office hours because he will really like you. and if you play tennis, TELL HIM.
5.0 : Shames is amazing and definitely the best professor you can get for accounting. He's super clear about whats on exams and always goes over homework in class so you actually learn how to do the problems. he's literally the reason I'm  majoring in accounting. one of the best professors I've ever had.
5.0 : Shames is the man, best teacher I have had at USC and definitely the best accounting professor. Study up on your Seinfeld because he will love you forever for it. Best and most understanding teacher you can get.
5.0 : Shames made accounting interesting and fun and made me want to possibly double major in accounting (currently business major)
5.0 : Professor Shames is amazing and such a nice guy. Makes himself extremely available to students and really cares about them. One of my favorite professors.
5.0 : He explains things very clearly and often will spend the first 10-15 minutes of each lecture reviewing the topics covered in the previous lecture. The class was definitely an easy A. He is a very nice person in general, too. I would definitely take another class with him.
5.0 : Prof Redekopp is really good - he breaks everything down in lectures and explains it well. He starts each lecture with a quick review of the last, which I've found to be really helpful. He'll specify what'll be on the quizzes and simulation assignments. He'll stop and fully answer any questions that come up. Easily the best prof I've had yet.
4.5 : Ken is a fantastic teacher. Some of the material covered in class is dry, but such is the nature of many subjects. Ken is extremely smart, has a A+ resume, and has career and hands on experience to back up everything he says. He is well networked, supportive, and will go out of his way to help you. He also has a fantastic sense of humor. Great guy!
4.0 : Ken is a great teacher and the class itself is a blast. There are only 3 assignments, 2 midterm papers and a final concert you put on yourself, so the rest of the class is guest lectures from his high-up industry friends and field trips to venues. Very connected guy with a lot of industry experience and a lot to talk about. Don't miss lecture!!
5.0 : Ken is my favorite teacher at USC. I have taken a couple classes with him. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to do well and learn in class, and life. He will go out of his way to help you make connections and learn. Midterms and finals are usually papers. Ask for help when you need it.
5.0 : Amazingly knowledgeable and open to sharing.
4.0 : Friendly, helpful, clear grader, easy class. Would take again.
5.0 : She is an amazing instructor. Helpful then entire semester and responds to any questions very quickly. Her passion and knowledge for her subject matter is evident and she makes learning easy. I loved having her this semester. Take her if you can!
4.5 : I was not at all interested in the subject matter of this class before taking it. Alyson harvested a deep interest in me in politics &amp; social work by the time the semester was up. The material is good, especially the movies (the book is boring, but she does everything she can to keep it interesting). Take her class! She is smart, funny, inspiring!
4.5 : Very knowledgeable and helpful, wish I could have taken the consecutive course with her was well...
3.5 : She was very nice and the class discussions are great. she was not clear on assignments at all and was very disgusted at how she would interrupt a presentation to tell a person they did not do part of the assignment right. The grading was fair, but she did not give much feedback, this bothered me because I like to know what was marked off.
5.0 : Alyson was amazing. Upon entering this class I wasn't sure if I would be interested in this subject but she made the class interesting and worthwhile. Her lectures were awesome and encouraged all students to participate and contribute their ideas. She was very clear on assignments and grading criteria. Take her class you won't be disappointed!
5.0 : Alyson is amazing! She's insightful, has had so much experience, and is such an engaging teacher! class was always interesting. she was so nice and the class was great!
5.0 : As a native speaker I found her accent fine, and her willingness to converse in English as a plus. She used funny stories to help teach the rules, and her lectures on grammar were very helpful. She is VERY CLEAR about what is going to be on the test and how the essay will be graded. She even lets you redo the essays. She is incredibly helpful.
1.0 : ARCH605 Not so interesting as other some professors.
5.0 : Extremely knowledgeable. Great discussions.
2.5 : Teaches one thing and asks something different in the tests.
4.5 : Great professor, explain course materials clearly.
1.0 : Mike seems like a nice guy. But he's one of the worst professors I've ever had. Doesn't care, lectures and lecture notes are full of notation typos that confuse students, spills out derivations as if he hardly understands them himself, doesn't motivate any topic we learn.
5.0 : Taught a  difficult subject of thermodynamics.  His lectures  let me understand the subject for the first time.  Lectures are  really excellent.  If you  must take  thermo, take this class.
5.0 : Perfect course. Nice grade. Easy A
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had.
5.0 : Excellent instructor. Very knowledgeable, helpful, and lectures in a fashion that supports critical thinking. For students that are passionate about policy- this is your guy! For students that aren't be warned you may enjoy it!  There are group projects, and Prof Darrell is very supportive in assisting with ambiguity on assignment!
5.0 : Professor Darrell is very knowledgeable about the material.  He used a variety of activities throughout the semester to explain the material.  He is very accessible and flexible. I would highly recommend him!
5.0 : She has fundamentally changed my life in the most positive way possible. I'm an incredible therapist, and I owe a great deal of that fact to Iris!
4.0 : Professor Gonzalez is totally engaging but very specific in her grading methods. I learned a whole lot, however. That's what is important.
5.0 : Professor Bush is a top quality professor. Yes, he is a tough grader and holds students accountable. If you take SOWK 543 from him be ready to put a lot of effort into the papers or you won't do well. He is one of the toughest graders at USC I have taken, but he takes the time to carefully review each paper, which will improve your writing.
3.0 : Nice enough guy, but little emphasis on reading. I don't get how an unlicensed man can teach a practice class, without being a licensed LCSW. Seems a little off and doesn't pass the smell test. Class was fine, but I am afraid USC's rankings are about to tank. USC needs to spend more time vetting lecturers. LCSWs should only teach a practice class.
4.0 : Professor B. is one of the best Professors at USC. I learned a lot from him. True that he doesn't have LCSW, so what! He teaches well, know his materials, strong practice experiences, a license is just a piece of paper,a true leader is the one that has the greatest experience &amp; Professor B definitely has it all!Want to be a true leader,take him! ~2
1.0 : Worst professor I have had while attending USC.  Not a fair grader, and honestly these ratings seem like they may have been written by him.  Does not teach to the syllabus and basically asks the class to teach the class as he asks them questions during the whole live sessions.  If you care about learning and your GPA - AVIOD THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Professor Bush is amazing. He really makes an effort to be a thoughtful instructor, and is invested in his students' growth. He's also really genuine, and connects with the class. His grading is pretty strict, but he's very responsive to requests for help. Also challenges you to share your perspectives. No dead classroom here!
1.0 : EXTREMELY TOUGH GRADER! Stay away from his class. He will ruin your GPA! He is training us (his students) to be licensed social workers, yet he is not a licensed social worker himself. He grades extremely hard and very unfair. I am a straight A student and have written 20+ term papers at USC and have gotten all A's.
2.0 : Very personable, classes were informational and he is big on discussion and participation. He's got a ton of experience which helps make the class practical. Unfortunately he is a ridiculously unreasonable grader.
5.0 : Professor Bush is an AMAZING teacher. I learned so much in his class and he is genuinely passionate about what he does!! You will laugh, cry, and be inspired in his class! He is a hard grader, but you are better off taking a hard class, learning a lot and getting a B, than taking an easy class and learning nothing for an A.
5.0 : Let me start off by saying, if you want to LEARN SOMETHING take this class. Is the grading tough? Yeah kind of but you LEARN from the grading. Great professor, great class, and Prof. Bush really cares about his students. This is grad school. I pay a lot of money to learn not get pushed through a class. Thank you Prof. Bush for a great semester!
5.0 : This was one of the best classes I ever took! He is very inspirational and while the class is tough, it is well worth it. He is a great professor and will help you every step of the way so long as you put the effort. My graduate school experience has brightened with this class and professor bush.
3.0 : 310 is a really easy class. He didn't require participation, attendance or anything else for lecture. Posts the slides online, but does not post the answers to the problems from the slides.
1.5 : Don't be fooled by high ratings. If you didn't take AP Stats, or any statistics class, this teacher isn't that useful. I won't recommend it, and I find business classes generally easy.
4.0 : Easy professor, easy class. Homework is worth 15% of the course and it's basically guaranteed you'll get full credit for that. Funny and cool guy.
3.0 : Pretty easy class. Not bad at explaining concepts. Put me to sleep a lot of times.
4.5 : Radchenko knows the material very well. Although, he isn't the best at explaining the concepts, but the tutors helped a lot. Overall, he's a great professor and pretty straightforward with the tests. If you study a lot and take great notes and make a nice cheat sheet, then you should be fine. :)
4.5 : Easier to understand (both in terms of English and course material) than the other 310 professors. Midterm was extremely easy. Final... eh not so much. It gets harder after the midterm. Uses the Marshall Curve so class average is what determines your final grade. And yes ladies, the chili pepper is well deserved but I'm pretty sure he has a family
5.0 : Professor Radchenko is the best! He is so nice and wants his students to succeed. He was very on top of his students about everything. His discussions were great learned a ton on excel. His exams were relatively easy if you did the necessary studying prior. Dont slack theres a ton of material if you fall behind you wont do well. Its a math class.
3.5 : Lectures were so boring. He tries hard, but is not very articulate. Very approachable. There were application sessions that totally depended on your TA (mine was not good, so...). Material was easy to grasp, but I didn't study well for tests (or make good cheat sheets), so my grades on them were just okay. I ended up with a B because of it.
4.5 : NO ONE would take 310  if it wasn't mandatory. With that said, Radchenko is your best option. I don't understand how people get less than A or A-... homework is 15% of your grade and is pretty much a guaranteed 100. You get 2 cheat sheets for the final. My raw score at the end was above 95 and I barely studied. He's nice (and cute). Go to class!
4.0 : HW is 15% of your grade and you get cheatsheets for all the tests.  Out of all the BUAD-310 professors, I think Radchenko is one of the easiest (with the least amount of work, too).  Definitely take him for Stats if you want an easy A!
4.0 : 1 Midterm, Weekly Group Quizzes, 7 HW assignments, 1 Final. Peter gives 40 questions prior to the midterm. Understand how to do all of them and you'll get 100% on the midterm. Ours had 2020 free points added. The final is much harder though and there is only 11 point added. Make effective cheat sheets, study in advance, and you'll get an AA-
4.0 : This class was pretty easy, one midterm and a final. The tests are kinda tricky, so make sure to read the questions and answers properly. He lets you take one cheat sheet for the midterm and two for the final. The midterm was super easy and the final was too, imo. I screwed up on the midterm or I would've got an A in the class. Discussion sucks.
3.0 : Perhaps the toughest grader I have encountered in my Master's program. In my experience, paper instructions were not as clear as they could have been, and feedback was vague. I was not given my final paper grade or breakdown. Everything, even one page class handouts, need to be submitted via Turn It In. She was not open to discussing final grade.
5.0 : Sela-Amit is a great, warm, Socratic-method professor. You will learn a lot from her. She isn't an easy grader, but she isn't a tough one either. She's also incredibly considerate of her students, asking them if they're doing OK and managing the work. She encourages open discussion.
3.5 : This class was extremely chill. HOWEVER, if you specifically want a clear cut "A", I'm not sure if its possible for his buad302. The highest you may get is an A- Yes i'm salty! :( To add to that, his grading criteria is a complete mystery and quite subjective. Take the class if you want a decent grade with minimal work, but not if you strive for A
5.0 : Prof. Byars is one of the best professors I had at Marshall. Not only does he try to make every class fun and engaging, he really cares about his students. He was always willing to make time outside of class to help me with the papers. He is a hard but a fair grader - I learned a lot from his feedback. Take him, you won't regret it!
5.0 : Very approachable. Office hours are very helpful.
4.0 : He's really nice and helpful in answering every question you have. Every lecture is very enthusiastic and inspirational. However, he doesn't give a clear criteria for grading. You get the grade that doesn't reflect your performance. His comments on your paper are vague and useless. He will say it's a great paper and still give you a C
5.0 : He was a very helpful and nice professor. I wish the class had gone over more business specific topics like cover letters, but he was a very fair grader.
5.0 : Professor Byars is one of the best professors I have ever had.  He is extremely humorous and helpful, and teaches each concept clearly and effectively.  The class itself is very straightforward-- 3 individual presentations, 1 group presentations, no midterm, and a take-home final.  He's far and away the best 302 professor there is: MUST-TAKE.
4.0 : He was a very nice professor who wanted to get to know the students. Not a lot of work but was somehow still really hard to get an A. Would recommend professor but it is tricky to get a good grade.
5.0 : Professor Parra is an incredible Spanish teacher. She makes class fun and interesting and makes you feel comfortable speaking another language. She is very  understanding and really cares about the students. I would highly recommend taking a class with her. One of the best teachers I have had at USC.
4.0 : She is a great teacher! She tries really hard to make class interesting, and the class itself was really chill. Her exams draw a lot on being able to write and read in Spanish. Overall I would recommend taking her class!
5.0 : I took spanish 240 with Professor Parra and she was extremely helpful and enthusiastic. She always made time for me to come to office hours. Spanish 4 was a very challenging course but Professor Parra did everything she could to help students. She grades fairly and is very encouraging.
4.0 : Great professor, great person.
4.0 : Yang Lao Shi is a great teacher. She strongly believes in participation, so as long as you come to class willing to participate you should do well. There are a lot of projects, tests, quizzes, and homework assignments but these are all so that you practice using the language. It's not an easy class, but if you do the work you should do well.
1.0 : Do the work and you'll be fine. However, if you already understand Chinese and are taking the class for the language requirement, you might be taken aback by some of her comments and perspectives. Just ignore those remarks, and you'll be fine, native speakers.
4.5 : The bummer about her is that there's a lot of regular homework and you really have to show up to class due to quizzes and homework being due and such. On the bright side, it's really straightforward and easy homework, the tests are easy, and she is soooo nice! I never minded going to chinese class.
5.0 : Haven is by far the best teacher in the design Dept. If you do your work with passion and are really interested in design she will go out of her way to help you. if you have no natural talent or drive you will fall behind. She is truly an incredible resource going into the real world of design.
5.0 : Professor Boyd Judson was a great lecturer and covered a wide range of topics that touched on many different disciplines (philosophy, ethics, health, politics). She is also a great mentor and very helpful both within the class and in office hours with any other projects or interests you may have related to the subject.
5.0 : Wow I'm far more than blessed to have been able to take her class. I went in thinking i was going to have an awful time but i was so wrong. The readings were so interesting and Prof. LBJ is literally the sweetest human being. There were a couple of assignments but definitely not a lot, maybe like 1/month. She really cares about getting to know you.
5.0 : This class is incredibly interesting and Professor Boyd-Judson is great. She is knowledgable in a wide range of topics and uses her personal experience and expertise as a valuable teaching tool. Class included discussion, sharing of ideas, interesting speakers, and special events. LBJ is kind and caring, but more importantly she urges you to think.
5.0 : The lectures were eye opening and the class was full of real world experiences and amazing guest speakers. Dr. Boyd-Judson was a fantastic teacher. She was extremely personable, helpful, caring, and extremely fair. The classwork was interesting and rich in content. A must take class.
4.5 : Wow! Professor Solomon is an amazing teacher. I would recommend taking any class that he teaches. As long as you stay on top of your work, you can do well in his class. You are sure to actually learn something, and his classes are a worthwhile use of time. Also he's hilarious and assigns good reading.
5.0 : Jeff is a great prof. He has high expectations, but nothing impossible--if you show him that you're thinking critically and come to class with something to say, he'll like you and you'll do well. Reading is key, participation is key--midterm and final are all based on reading (sparknotes isn't enough). Fair grader.
5.0 : His Gender Studies class has been the best class I've taken at USC so far! His lectures are absolutely hilarious and engaging. Participation does count a bit towards your grade, and there is quite a bit of reading. However, he does a great job encouraging participation even from the quieter students, and the readings were all very interesting.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. Not only does he choose books that are interesting to read, but he also talks about them in depth. This constitutes the bulk of his class. He peppers his lectures with spicy words.  The blending of academic talk with everyday lingo is captivating, and it makes professor S. a cool dude. His tests are super easy!! A +
4.0 : Solomon is amazing. I am currently a freshman finishing my second semester but he was honestly the best professor out of all of the ones I had. He's hilarious and explains concepts incredibly well. You can tell he is passionate about his work and that means a lot. I got A's on all of his exams which is possible if you just take good notes!
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had!!! He is hilarious and caring. The books he assigned were really good (and I am not a big reader). Would take his class every year if I could. He is wonderful and well respected by all of his students.
5.0 : Dr. Solomon is a fantastic professor. Classes are really enjoyable as long as everybody speaks up and discusses in class. I love his humor and as long as you stay on his good side and are a good student, you're set. There is a lot of reading, but it's manageable. 10/10 would take again.
4.5 : Excellent teacher. I took Secrets of the American Short Story, and he made the class fly by because he kept the lecture so entertaining. Definitely participate in discussion, otherwise he will call on you. He really wants you to learn something from the class, so don't expect him to grade too easily, but if you do the work and try, you'll be fine.
4.5 : Dr. Solomon was amazing. The class was slightly difficult, but if you work hard and go to office hours he'll help you with your writing. Sometimes he wasn't entirely clear with what he wanted, but that's what his office hours are for. He was funny, his personal stories were amazing, and I loved the stories we read in class. Would take again.
5.0 : If you are a normal person with normal sense of humor, you are going to enjoy this. He is funny and intelligent. He tries to make you a better, thorough writer. If you visit him during his office hours and work on your papers a week or two before the due date, you should be fine. Don't procrastinate though -- he knows.
5.0 : This class had a lot of work but it was so worth it. First of all, I loved the topic. It was Female Trouble: A Century of Bad Behavior and the books we read were so interesting and I loved all the topics we covered. Second, Professor Solomon is AMAZING. He is the best and most inspirational professor I've had at USC. Take this class for your GE
4.5 : My favorite class this semester. Discussions are interesting and thought provoking, definitely a lot of reading, but its worthwhile and gets better as the semester progresses.
3.0 : You'll love him or hate him. He seems to view himself as a comedian. Lots of reading, and he's strict about class participation-- expect to be called on. Very left-wing.
3.5 : Prof. Solomon definitely the best teacher I've ever had. His class makes you think in an unconventional way, and I've learned so much through that. Sure, I joke that I hated ARLT 100 because it's a TON of work (reading, understanding complex concepts) but at the end of the day, Prof Solomon is HILARIOUS, kind, and genuinely cares.
4.5 : Not extremely easy but the professor is phenomenal. Highly recommend. It's also fairly interesting.
4.0 : Female misbehavior  (Arts and L 101) was an awesome class. Professor Solomon always made the class interesting and fun! There is a ton of reading, I mean a lot, but if you do your work on time its not too bad. You better be good at writing papers. Overall, it was a very enjoyable class, very versatile, and not too hard. Would recommend!!
3.5 : Great professor! His lectures were clear and interesting. Exam was fair. Highly recommend.
4.0 : Fantastic teacher despite difficult material. Entirely lecture-based exams. Content is not difficult to grasp. Makes the class interesting. Not easy to get an A but he is not out to fail everyone - very generous curve.
3.0 : Oscar is a teacher who's offended if you don't understand the material after his lectures. His exams are tough and the best resources for your success are his fragmented PP slides that have to be read with the textbook and the SI sessions offered for the class. Labs are easy, but they are curved. Generous  Exam curves though, it's hard to fail.
5.0 : She is a great professor! Really knowledgeable about the subject matter, and very passionate. Lots of interesting readings on a variety of topics. Very clear about the material on the midterm/final. Not too challenging if you keep up with the reading. I really enjoyed this class! If you are interested  in the Middle East, take this class!
5.0 : Although I have to say that Professor Papa is not that good at lecturing, but the the material covered in the lecture, oh no, ppt is fantastic! Almost cover everything important. I also love the assignment, which is clearly organized and useful for learning web developing. The only problem is the exam. You have to recite a lot from PPT.
3.5 : Papa is one of the worst professor you will come across at USC. He has lot of attitude and is very abrasive. He makes fun when someone asks a silly question.  Not at all fit to be a professor.   However, the course is good if you are looking to add various skills to your resume.. Exam is all memory based. You have to mug up a lot.
5.0 : Outstanding course. I ended up in the top 5%, and it was not easy, but the material is oustanding, and Prof. Papa knowledge of the industry is huge. I ended upbeing offered a DR, which is great. Highly recommended for masters students.
4.0 : Just started the course and I am enjoying it very much. Prof. Papa always brings up historical tidbits about the Web that really put its development into perspective. I am really looking forward to doing an Ebay Web app and iOS app.  I am also excited at the prospect of learning howe to use AWS. Lectures are long at times, though.
5.0 : Excellent course and instructor. I am taking this class in my second semester at USC and I love the material. Prof. Papa is very good at showing us all web technologies and the history behind them. He is also very active on Piazza which makes it very easy to get doubts answered quickly.  I think I will get get prepared to interview for web tech.
5.0 : Prof. Papa is very knowledgeable about Webtech and resolves all my doubts on Piazza or in class. I am at middle of the course, I would take it for sure, I recommend.
5.0 : Prof. Papa makes this a hard class, especially the exercises that seem to become more and more difficult every semester, but the upside is that they are real examples of web apps and native mobile apps. I became a grader and then a Producer for the class and all that landed me a job at Amazon.  Could not have do it without the help of Prof. Papa.
5.0 : Prof. Papa provides great new material. Just saw stuff on AWS Lambda and Google Functions, the server less stuff. It is going to help together me a job in web tech easier. Prof. is online on Piazza at all hours, day and night. Weird but great. I recommend for everyone interested in web tech. The class is not easy, though.
4.0 : One month to go in this course, and I am glad I signed up. Great material. I disliked the slides, though. I am glad Prof. Papa switched to hands-on demos. Much better. Also glad no more switching on spec online. Glad the prof is listening to students complaints. That's refreshing. I will take CSCI572, as definitely I have all needed background.
5.0 : Prof. Papa is a bit rough at times, but the material is very topical. I just went through "serverless architectures" like AWS Lambda and Google Functions and I knew that will help me get an internship at Amazon this summer.  Exams are a bit rough with a lot of code, but the exercises are the bulk of the grade. Papa solved all my doubts on Piazza.
5.0 : Prof. is good. Listens to students: dropped the crappy videos and started doing demos, which solved all my s/w installation doubts. would recommend. It's hard, though.
5.0 : Course is harder than I thought. Prof has lots of industry experience. Piazza is used 100% for solving my doubts. Glad Papa is flexible to change and dump the videos (really boring) and replace with hands-on demos. Exams require some memorization and lots of JavaScript knowledge. But I am glad I took it. Requirement for CSCI572.
5.0 : He is very good
3.0 : The last 2 homeworks get tough!!
4.0 : Lots of learning. You will not regret taking this course. The assignments are designed to get  your hands on a lot of concepts which are currently being used in industry which ultimately adds a lot of value to resume.
5.0 : Professor Papa is really good. He kept the materials up-to-date and illustrated each topic very clearly. The homework is not so difficult. Finishing them independently will give you solid foundation of web technology.
5.0 : Prof. Papa's CS571 is easily one of the best courses for Computer Science Master's Student out there at USC.  Assignments will really help you get your feet wet in all the current web technologies. You will have to really work hard for your grades but it's worth it at the end of the day! Recommend this class to anyone planning on MS in CS at USC.
4.0 : Very Professional and curt, but has a good sense of humor once you get to know him. Good knowledge and is a SME in the field. Tough yet challenging assignments, makes you work hard even through exams. But you will come out of class with a lot of skills and learning!
5.0 : Great Prof. I'm glad I have only a final. The final projects were HARD! Good solving my doubts on Piazza. Prof. helped finding internship in web tech. Recommended.
5.0 : It was a different experience and I got to learn a lot
5.0 : Great course.
5.0 : Just finished the Spring course. It was *not* easy! The last project was really complex, but I am glad I was able to finish it. The whole course was pretty intense, but having gotten through I came out with a lot of info that I can use in my job search in web tech. Prof. Papa has presented relevant material that already helped me get an internship.
5.0 : Love this prof. Material is very topical, especially the Cloud stuff, mobile development and new tech like Note JS. I wish more projects like the last 2. The earlier were too easy. Exams had a bit too much memorization, though. Prof is available on Piazza anytime.
5.0 : I really learned a lot from this class. The last 2 homeworks are hard but rewarding, pushing me to learn new stuff. The class content is abundant and can easily relate to everyday life. Moreover, it's a practical course that I can apply immediately into industry. This summer I'll be interning at Expedia and I'm sure this class gives me a good start
5.0 : This course made me learn a lot. It also gave me an hon-campus job in USC Housing and an internship at  a local startup. Even the guest lectures helped as I was not familiar with Agile and Scrum and the company I am interning uses Scrum. Lectures are inspirational. Great stuff about jQuery, NodeJS, JSON, an mobile development. Exams are hard.
2.5 : Prof. Papa knows a lot about the history of Web Technologies.
5.0 : This class got me an internship at Amazon! I had everything to nail the interview: nodejs, pHP, angular and most of all AWS. the prof. Is always online day and night on Piazza. My doubt were solved in minutes. The exercises are HARD. Don't take this class if you do not have time. I spent many nights working on the web app and mobile app. Take this.
5.0 : Great class. Great Prof. Worth the LOTS of money I paid for it (4 units at USC are expensive).
3.0 : Good homework. Exam sucks unless you turn yourself into a thing called google. Just a lot memorizing stuff.
5.0 : Very good professor. Tough homeworks. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Very hard, but good class. Last two exercises will take a long time. Prof is on Piazza all the time, it is funny. Got answered at 3AM.
5.0 : Professor Papa is one of the best professors at USC. He is always responsive and he is online on Piazza at any time of the day or night if you need help. CSCI 571 was an amazing class, especially if you are new to Web technologies. It was well-organized, interesting, and the lectures were great.
5.0 : Great home works on Wb App and mobile app. Super fast responses on Piazza. Loved the server less like AWSLambda. Prof told half the students get A or A minus. I did. LOL.
5.0 : Just got my grade, A. Not an easy class, especially since the last exercises are pretty involved. Prof. Papa brings what seems a lot of industry experience and the lecture are always interesting as he makes use of multiple screens with all his iPads and MacBook. I was a able to get an internships real easily given the background I acquired.
5.0 : Prof. Papa is a great teacher. He explains everything clearly. The class was a very good learning experience, very worthwhile. He clears all the doubts in Piazza within 5-10 minutes. I recommend this class.
5.0 : Pretty good instructor. Moves through the material VERY  fast. Is a little awkward, but his jokes are funny at times like "Silicon Valley". Seems to really love teaching at USC. Class was hard for me, but not for others. Half the students get A and A-. I didn't get the best grade but I deserved it.
5.0 : Great professor.
5.0 : This was a great experience.  If you do not have good programming experience, you should NOT take this class. It is now very heavvy on programing, especially the last two assignment/ Professor puts together great projects. Lectures are good.
5.0 : On of the best professors I have had at USC.
5.0 : Excellent professor! Totally worth taking a class under him. Web tech is mandatory for a good job these days.  Prof will give you all is needed.
5.0 : He's so cool . Great stuff that will has helped me land a summer internship at Amazon.
4.0 : I like Prof. Papa teaching. I learned about a lot of new tech like Nodes DOT js, cloud computing, Angular DOT js. But the most helpful was the mobile device project, tough but rewarding.
5.0 : I like the material, useful for anyone interested in webtech. Prof is good, seems to have a lot of work experience on it.  I had a few doubts and he answered on Piazza pretty mush right away. I recommend.
5.0 : I'm in the middle of an internship obtained because of the material covered in Dr. Papa class. I know now that the class prepared me perfectly for the internship (lots of JavaScript, HTML5, Android API).  Dr. Papa definitely nailed the material I needed to know. Exams were not easy and the mobile demo took lots of time, but it paid off for me.
5.0 : I like Prof. Papa and knowledge of the industry. I am now at Amazon on an internship and I got it all because of this class and a recommendation from the prof. The last 2 exercises are tough but they gave me the needed background for winning the intern.
5.0 : Great Prof. Class is awesome! Took it in Fall 2015. Helped me get an internship at eBay this summer. If you are into webtech, it is a must take class.
5.0 : Good lecture material. Prof. papa has a lot of industry experience and it shows in his lectures. Last mobile app was difficult, took me 3 week to finish completely. But I am happy I did it. Recommnded.
5.0 : Wasn't interested int the subject until this class. Now I'll go for a job in Webtech. Or maybe mobile computing. Thanks, Prof.
3.0 : First semester and this is the best course I ever have including my bachelor education. He is not that willing to help or give additional hint, but this course help me learn tons.
5.0 : I am almost done with the Fall semester of CSCI6571 and this class is awesome, but very, very heavy on homeworks, that get progressively more difficult and time consuming. But it is all for good as you will get some fabulous material. We just covered, AWS and GCP cloud, plus serverless AWS Lambda and Google Cloud Functions. Fascinating!
4.5 : I am almost done with this class for Fall 2014, and it is getting progressively difficult.  I have appreciated Prof. Papa additions of JQuery, Bootstrap and al the help he is giving us on the Android development (a new for me). Prof. Papa makes good use of the additional screen in SAL 101, with lots of demos for the code.  Very good instructor.
5.0 : Unlike the student that posted 3 times (LOL) complaining about getting no help about Mobile, the homework specs are awesome, and the additional Hints and Clues files are plenty of help. I heard that this class has become harder but much better in material over the years. I really appreciated it covered tons of JS libraries.  I'm glad I took it.
5.0 : Great class. Great prof. Exactly the stuff I need for my planned job. The last exercises are frigging tough but 'no pain no gain.' The students that complain about the mobile exercise toughness are losers. Who told you this was easy? Grow up! Thanks prof. Papa for a wonderful class.
5.0 : Great class. Great Prof. Papa. Material that I will keep.  I'm trying to get a position as Grader for next semester. Will work for hard on the mobile app.
5.0 : Awesome class. Heavy on exercises, especially the last 2. Appreciate all the Javascript stuff, especially Node and Angular. Will help me with getting an internship next spring. Prof. Papa is hilarious, even with a class that is so frigging quiet. Highly recommended for students wanting a leg on on interviews.
4.5 : This course just winded down. Material was consistently updated. Prof. Papa gives feedback and student help using Piazza and it works: my questions were answered in a matter of minutes. I enjoyed the lectures on Bootsrap, JQuery and HTML5. These are going to help me when I look for a webtech job. I would love more live demos and more code samples.
5.0 : Wow, this class was awesome! But it was very hard. Just finished the last mobile project. Got 10/10 but it cost me two weeks of late nights. The class material is very good. Prof. Papa is very inspiring and shows you the latest wbtech. I was able to see going to the Dark Web. For anyone interested in webtech this course is must. Its worth it.
5.0 : Fabulous Prof. Very knowledgeable of the industry. Material is very good: NodeJS, AWS, Google Cloud platform, Bootstrap, jQuery, HTML5, Angular, and I did my mobile project on my iPhone. That will get me ready for my interviews with Google and Ebay. Prof answered all my doubts on Piazza, really quickly. Thanks, prof!
5.0 : Glad I took Prof. Papa class, as I want to get a job in Webtech. Waiting for my Final, I know I will get an A. Class was medium difficulty for me. Material will help me in getting an internship at Amazon, as it includes lectures and homeworks on AWS and cloud  platforms like NodeJS.  Thanks, Prof. Midterm was easy for me. The Android app was hard.
5.0 : Took the Course in the Spring 2015. The real value of the course is the fact that it prepared me for my Internship at Amazon and a subsequent OPT offer also at Amazon. Prof. Papa game me all the tools to beat many other student competing with me for those positions. This is a tough but great course. The memorization issue actually helped me.
5.0 : CSCI571 is really awesome! I got to learn much in this class, the professor is caring, producers are really knowledgeable, I am an EE student but I learned about about web technologies. The HWs are really amazing, MAKE SURE TO DO THE HW ASAP., though the graders are not so mean about grades.
2.0 : Mean &amp; unrealistic. There were two sections in class, the 2nd section folks were less smart than the 1st one, and the avg grade of 1st one was a lot higher than 2nd one. But they were graded seperately, using ONE criteria. Most producers &amp; graders speak hindi and they determine your grade so be nice.
5.0 : This class was not easy. Professor Papa is a great Prof. Responds to all doubts really quickly on Piazza. He is funny in class. Good lectures. The exams are OK, but the last two exercises required LOTS of work, but I was proud the the finished products! A must for students interested in Webtech.
5.0 : Teaches very well and clearly! Gives enough time for the HWs! Very helpful in office hours!
5.0 : Prof. Sandy Sawchuk explains sophisticated theory in live graphic way, easy to understand and easy to remember.He is an extraordinary professor who excellent set examples for his student lifetime. I would recommend any student in EE to take his course, because the course is not only about Fourier transform, it is a methodology of understanding.
5.0 : Prof. Sawchuk explain advanced theory in a graphic way that is easy to understand and remember. His class is very lifetime helpful!
3.0 : Teaches the content well. The exams are very tough while the homework are very easy.
5.0 : Professor is very good at teaching and knows the content. Would recommend this course under him. Exams are at mediocre range. You have to spend enough time to get a good grade. Homework's are important to score well in exams.
5.0 : He's class gave me so much in the long term- I wish I could tell him that now
3.5 : He's very happy, which helps with the boring lectures. The mandatory field trip is a bit long and draining, but just go to it, pay attention, and you'll get the credit for it. The class isn't too hard, just got to review the study guides before a midterm or final. There are several in-class quizzes throughout the semester and lab quizzes every week
4.0 : John Platt was a great professor. He was enthusiastic, engaging and he had a British accent. He made geology seem almost interesting, which is a huge compliment. The class is two midterms, final, lab, in class quizzes and a field trip. Lab is easy and just memorize the lecture slides for big tests. If you can, probably best to take passfail
3.0 : He's a really nice guy and very passionate about the subject, but the slideshows are overcrowded with information and the tests are way too specific. It's not a really difficult class but I'd recommend taking it passfail.
5.0 : She is extremely nice and very understanding, and she makes a seemingly boring subject interesting. She tends to digress to stories about her life during lecture, which is perfectly fine because we learn what we need to for exams. She really wants you to succeed. I almost got an A, but I didn't do as well on the final, sadly.
5.0 : Class was always fun and she has a great way of breaking down complicated ideas so that they're easy to understand. She is super funny but definitely serious about helping you learn. I loved her and have already recommended her to all my friends. You definitely want to take any class you can with her!!
5.0 : Professor Crowley is the best professor I have had. She genuinely cares about her students and noticed every time I was feeling down. She wants all her students to succeed. Her class is an easy A as she is a very lenient grader. I would recommend her for anyone trying to fulfill their foreign language requirement.
5.0 : SO GREAT!!!! Professor Crowley is such an amazing teacher and i could write for such a long time about how much i love her. I am so glad that I took this class by her. She really is the best professor and such a wonderful women SO FUNNY. I loved coming to class and knew that i would have a fun time at the same time i was learning a lot. TAKE HER!!
4.5 : Dr. Crowley was the best!! She was super helpful and funny. I loved the class but still struggled with it since I've always been bad at spanish. I just needed to pass the class to graduate and she was willing to give me the help I needed to make that happen.
5.0 : Dr. Crowley is so great! She is so nice and friendly, not to mention super funny! She truly cares about all of her students, and if you ask her for help she is more than happy to give it to you. I am not great at Spanish and was able to get an easy A in Spanish III, would definitely recommend her as a professor.
5.0 : Dr. Crowley is very on top of things and is excellent at explaining concepts in a way that makes sense. We did textbook activities every day in class, which I don't think are the best learning tool, but it does make the class very easy. Tests are pretty easy except for the Listening section sometimes. Follows the Department curriculum, overall easy
5.0 : Professor Crowley is great! For the most part, her lectures are really fun and engaging. Between online homework, tests, and various writing projects, there's a decent amount of work for this class, but I would definitely recommend taking it with Professor Crowley. She's super funny, understanding, and relatable and makes this class enjoyable.
5.0 : I loved Dr. Crowley. She's a very fair grader and definitely wants you to do well. She's so funny too, I was always laughing during class. Lectures are clear, to the point, and she's able to explain difficult concepts. I wish I could take her again! 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : She was probably the best Spanish teach I have ever had. I highly recommend taking her class. She really helps you understand the material.
4.5 : She is an awesome professor. Very funny. Explains everything really well. Easy grader on exams. Don't ask questions that you can find answers to in the syllabus.
5.0 : I LOVED Dr. Crowley and this class! She is THE MOST knowledgeable literature professor I've ever had. I worked hard but learned so, so much from her. We read quirky material that was super interesting. I loved the way she helped us see connections between politics and art . She was also really encouraging and came up with creative projects.
5.0 : After a year of not taking Spanish, I expected to hate 220. But Professor Crowley tells funny stories and makes lectures truly enjoyable. She understands how challenging it can be to give presentations, and really works hard to provide supportive feedback and make everyone feel valued. She's also a relatively lenient grader, if you really try.
1.0 : Never have I been so dissatisfied with a class. If you are a student like myself who prefers structured and organized courses where expectations for tests and assignments are clear, do not take this class. Textbook is never used and practice problems are completely useless in preparation for midterms/final.
5.0 : Tony is one of my favorite professors so far! He is really good at explaining concepts and challenging students' faith in everything. If you actually want to learn something, then DO take his class! You will learn so many real world lessons in the lectures! Study groups are so helpful and you will really get to know your classmates!
2.5 : Hard work, challenging concepts, interesting/engaging topics. Be prepared to spend a lot of time on this class (and please go to class) but as much as I struggled (and killed my gpa), I really do miss this class.
3.5 : Lin provides tools that will give you a leg up in both the real world and subsequent courses. However, the exams questions were largely written by other professors who clearly did not emphasize real world applications so the tests can seem to be a bit unrelated to the lectures if you do not understand that his style is different. Great Professor!!!
4.0 : getting an A is not that hard. Just put some effort. Great class.
5.0 : Interesting class. If you have an intuitive understanding of math and how it is applied to the real world, you should have no problems making an A. Perhaps, the fact that so many students struggle with this class is a testament to the miseducation of American youth.
5.0 : Prospective students: make a decision about whether you want an easy A or learn something. If you want an easy A, find a different professor. Seriously. If you actually want to put the 6k you're paying to good use, Dr. Lin is your man. Tony Lin is an amazing and amazingly overqualified professor. DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE TO TAKE HIS CLASS!!!
5.0 : Tony Lin is awesome. His class is really tough but the tough classes are always the ones you actually learn in. My stats class with Tony Lin was one of the best I've ever taken at Marshall
5.0 : I have never felt more prepared for the real world after taking this class. Sure, there were times I was in utter frustration looking at excel tables until 3 AM and "silently praying" before one of the deathly midterm examinations. But, it was all worth it and I feel sorry for the future SC students that don't get to experience a Tony Lin lecture.
5.0 : An absolutely fantastic professor who opens his students' eyes to both the applicability of statistics to the business world (which, judging from my friends' experiences w/ other profs in 310, is unique to him) and to countless real-world life lessons (plot your data; don't trust management). There is no teacher Marshall needs more than Tony Lin.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors USC if not the best. He might promise you that you might suffer in this class but you could learn what you're supposed to learn in college. He is a professor who will not let you down and always keep his promises. He's also a great mentor who is knowledgeable and willing to help. It means more than a letter grade.
5.0 : Most of college is not intended to give you specific knowledge needed for your future but rather to teach you how to think. Tony Lin does just that.
5.0 : This class is without a doubt the hardest class at Marshall. If you can take this class, nothing in Marshall will scare you. He really teaches alot of real life application of excel and statistics. However, the most valuable thing he teaches is not the technical stuff but  critical thinking, something I've definitely come to use in my job everyday.
4.5 : Tony Lin is an epic teacher. He will push you to your statistical limits, and make you hate the class at some points. However, you will learn more from his stats class than any other. A great class for dedicated students WHO WANT AN EDUCATION.
4.0 : This class is by the far the hardest BUAD310 so skipping classes is not suggested as it puts you far behind. Super relieved that it is finished. Professor Lin is a great teacher and the class is rewarding.
4.0 : I wasn't interested in statistics before I took the class with him, and I didn't know his reputation when choosing. But I'm glad I got him, because I don't think I would have learnt much in the other sections otherwise. His real life examples and cases force you to think critically and enforces the "applied statistics" part. Highly recommended!
5.0 : I'm so glad I took 310 with Professor Lin. He has an incredible talent for connecting statistics to the real world, and the enormous amount of work put into this class proved to be very rewarding. The best professor I've had at USC thus far.
5.0 : The Best Professor undoubtedly! And also the best stats class i ever had !!
5.0 : If you are serious about learning how to objectively use data to make decisions, Prof Lin is hands down the finest professor you will ever find. The meticulously crafted lectures, homework and projects will push you beyond what you believe you are capable of. You will think critically. You may suffer. But you WILL learn.
5.0 : TAKE THIS CLASS! This is the class that will benefit you for your whole life. And you will meet the most amazing teacher EVER. This class worths all the hard work.
5.0 : Do yourself a favor and take this course. You'll be better off in the long term.
5.0 : I wanted to waive this class ealier this semester because I thought: "Oh gosh, another statistics class..." How awfully wrong I was! This is not just your typical statistics course. Tony Lin is a master lecturer who spent tremendous amount of time in making his lecture fascinating. This class will transform how you see the world! TAKE IT!
5.0 : If you are offered a course being taught by him and you are someone who really wants to learn, take his course WITHOUT a second thought. Out of all my courses this semester, his was the only one where I actually got to learn a lot. Amazing professor, teaches in an amazing way. And class is hard, but super awesome!!
5.0 : The BEST and SMARTEST professor I ever met!!! In his class. you will learn a lot of real-life examples and get numerous inspirations. Don't care about the grade. It is just a tiny part of your whole life. Enjoy his class! He is the best
5.0 : Amazing professor, fascinating course. If you are interested in learning, take this course. I would 100% take this class again (even though I may or may not have cried a handful of times while working on the projects). I will definitely be using the critical thinking skills and statistical tools that I learned.
5.0 : I must say Tony Lin is one of my favorite teachers in my life. His lecture is full of content and he can really teach you a lot in a short time of a semester. His homework and project are out of practical issues and I can see he spent a lot of efforts and time to prepare them. Nice professor, great characteristic. Strongly recommend.
4.0 : GSBA545 is a tough class if taken from Professor Lin. Prof. Lin is very very knowledgeable about statistics. He gave us a lot of powerful tools to approach real world problem, which is very useful and impressive. Prepare to learn something from this class instead of just getting a good grade. BTW, his grading won't be as harsh as you imagine
5.0 : You will definitely learn a lot, and learn real statistic. Professor Tony Lin is a very professional professor. I 100% guarantee that you will enjoy a lot in this class.
5.0 : Dr Seli is very intelligent and knows her material.  She is always helpful in and out of class and responds quickly to e-mails.  There is a lot of reading and quizzes every week but if you watch the lectures she pre-records you will be fine.  Her final project is 30% of your grade but you do pieces of the assignment every week so its easy to do wel
4.0 : Not an easy GE, but it is one of the more interesting ones.
5.0 : He is always willing to help outside of class and gets to know students. The class is very challenging, but it is not too hard to get a good grade if you attend all discussion sessions. One thing that I dislike about professor sheehan is that he is obsessed with his own structure in his lectures and tests. He requires you to memorize what he says
5.0 : He keeps the cost of textbooks down which is always nice. His lectures are engaging and stay close to the main points of the reading that he wants you to take away. One of the few lectures I look forward to on a weekly basis. There are 4 pop quizzes, but there are plenty of examples of the responses he wants for an A if you attend the lectures.
5.0 : Sheehan really cares about his students and is extremely approachable. The class isn't easy at all, but if you're willing to do the reading and can write decently you can get an A. TAs seemed pressured to give a low grade on the first paper to scare everyone, but they got easier on the following 2. 3 papers a final and no midterm. Not a bad GE.
4.0 : 2 2-page essays, 1 3-page essay, 4 pop quizzes (lowest dropped), and 1 final. Not an easy GE, doesn't post any slides online so you have to go to class. You have to put in 80% to get a B, not the hardest class but can get pretty annoying.
5.0 : Greatest guy ever, seriously. Take him and you won't regret it. Besides his great teaching of normal course material (which he manages to make very interesting), he is incredibly inspirational and is always willing to help students with problems outside of class. In EASC 160 we had 3 short papers, 4 pop quizes, and a final. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Hard but interesting class, makes you work for it, make sure to skim through the cases. TA is also important as they are the ones grading for your papers. Participate in discussions too.
5.0 : Super supportive, go to class, skim some of the readings &amp; participate in discussion and you'll be fine. One thing I don't like is that he makes his TAs give low grades at the beginning of the semester and grade higher later as "improvement". Interesting topic, learned a lot, not the easiest class I've ever taken but not too much work for a GE.
4.0 : "Papa Sheehan" is a highly intelligent professor and cares deeply for his students. He is passionate about Chinese history and culture, which is reflected in his lectures. However, you should not expect this course to be easy. There is much material to cover and it moves quickly. Attend lectures &amp; discussions regularly, and start early on papers.
3.0 : Participation is apart of the final grade. He lectures a lot and it is crucial to attend every class since he gives pop quizzes throughout the semester. There is no midterm, but there are 3 pop quizzes, 3 essays, and a final. Grades hard and makes you work for your grade. Study and do all the readings you will pass. He is very helpful and nice.
4.0 : The class itself did not have many graded assignments, so you must do well on the few that there are. If you go to your TA before the essay is due to ask for help, and participate in discussion (even with just skimming the readings), you can keep yourself afloat. I put a lot of effort into it even though I didn't enjoy the material, but it paid off
5.0 : absolutely great prof, go to the lecture and you will learn a lot, he likes to talk in multi language, always smile and you would like to talk to him. will take him again if possible!!!
5.0 : Even though you have to write 1-3 pages per paper, you have to spend a lot of time organizing the paper. Even though it might be a little tough for GE class, I really enjoyed taking this course. By the way, Prof. Sheehan is a really great professors and if you are interested in East Asia, you would definitely learn something from his class.
5.0 : Very tough grader to start. Participation is key in discussions. He is a great professor and an even better person. Pretty tough for a GE but would recommend the class.
4.5 : Professor Sheehan is a wonderful person, albeit he likes to make you work for your grades and think critically not only about the material in the class but life as well. As long as you read the cases, take good notes, and chat with your TA for essays, this class should be bearable!
5.0 : TAKE HIM! Teaches really well and is extremely approachable. Made Calc 3 fun. Also had a really good TA so that helped too.
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had.  TAKE HIS CLASS if you have the chance.
5.0 : Studied with Don as a graduate student.  Found him to be unbelievably willing, friendly, bright and consise and considerate class comments.  Best of all Don had and has some rebel in Don, and I said this in the nicest way.  He'd see and find things in your material others wouldn't necessary see.  Brilliant dude.  Happy for all of his success.
5.0 : Homework takes a very long time, but she sometimes reduces certain homework loads at the end to make it quicker to finish. Great class to learn Revit, the homework solidifies understanding
5.0 : Sometimes the guest speakers are hard to understand, but Dr. Kensek makes it clear in the next class.  This was the best class I took at USC
5.0 : Have take to get good job. Teaches Revit good but homeworks very length
5.0 : I took this class two years ago.  The homeworks are long, but you have to know Revet to get a job.  Professor Kensick teaches step-by-step.  You have to go to class and watch if you want to learn it.  There was no textbook, but there were some professionals who came to class to teach. Hard class but worth it.
5.0 : Hardest class I took at USC.  Best class I took at USC
5.0 : Professor Banet-Wesier is a goddess. She's funny, spirited, in touch with the culture she's critiquing, and is super accessible to students. I think the class could be more challenging, but it definitely serves as a great introduction to feminist media criticism. I recommend it regularly to all my friends.
5.0 : professor banet-weiser is the absolute best. great lecturer, keeps students interested in the material! she's also super funny and chill.
3.5 : Every class was definitely very interesting, but you have to do the readings. There's only 2 major grades that aren't based solely on participation, and she graded those pretty easily. Very funny and loved hearing our feedback. Lots of controversial stuff in this class but she teaches very well. I liked her a lot.
3.5 : Dr. Blaine is nice and helpful. She is outgoing and fun to be around. That being said, she did not teach me anything about writing. You just talk in class and that's it. Her class is not easy at all though and she is a tough grader.
4.5 : Blaine is such a great professor. Going to lecture every week is actually enjoyable, you will learn SO much. 1 term paper, 3 P/NP papers, weekly reading assignments, 1 final project. TAKE THIS CLASS. By far one of the best learning experiences I've had at USC. Get ready for some mind-blowing.
5.0 : Added this class last minute and it ended up being my favorite of the semester. Reading isn't light by any means, but its worth it and the material is usually fantastic. Her lectures are very high energy and kept me quite interested and invested.
4.0 : Professor Blaine has an interesting mind. I learned so much from taking her class and she really gives you different perspective of things. The assignments and essays are graded by the TAs, and the two this semester were very nice and not super tough graders. You will have to do a fair amount of reading though.
2.0 : Pretty opinionated, tough on grading, and went off on tangents. I hoped I would learn more about feminism, gender, and sexuality, but instead I felt punished for not already having full knowledge of the terminology &amp; arguments surrounding them. Throughout the semester I wanted to participate but I couldn't for that exact reason. Wouldn't recommend.
3.5 : Attendance is mandatory, but she posts lecture notes at the end of the semester. She reads straight off the lecture notes which honestly makes coming to lecture irrelevant but you HAVE TO. This class is boring and if you get TA Keziah, switch. Too hard of a grader.
5.0 : Diana is a really nice person, she is very understanding, and she is REALLY GOOD AT TEACHING.  Her Writing 340 class is one of the most valuable classes I have ever taken.  Great, great professor.
5.0 : Honestly one of the best professors of my college experience. Blaine teaches with honesty and skill and care. We really need more professors like her
5.0 : Blaine was definitely my favorite professor at SC. She makes her lectures easy to understand, relatable, and really tries to lighten the mood. The themes are kind of dark, but not terrible. She makes feminist theory pretty easy to understand for people who are not interested in feminism. I am a minor in gender studies.
4.0 : Blaine is knowledgeable about her topic and cares a lot, which leads to her lectures being 90% tangents. With that said the class is not hard with one easy writing assignment per week and a basic midterm (still need to study for it). Although she represents herself to be an objective thinker she refuses to entertain any opinions that contradict her
5.0 : Literally one of the best teachers ever! HILARIOUS and engaging. Her class is something to look forward to. Pretty sweet deal in terms of WRIT 340 classes bc you only have to write 4 papers all semester rather than a million like all other 340 classes.
3.0 : The fact that 40% of your grade comes from only two 1.5 hour examinations is simply ridiculous. She should test our UNDERSTANDING of the content, rather than our abilities to memorize information like dates, terms, definition. She might be a fun person to be with but she definitely needs to rethink her grading.
2.0 : Diana talks long enough to inevitably contradict herself, even within the same lecture. My main problem was she branded herself as a free thinker and a critic of elitism, but when students argued she acted condescending and dismissed us on the grounds that she's an "expert" with a phd. Class is 100% tangents that are interesting 50% of the time.
5.0 : Here's the deal. Writing 150 is terrible no matter who you take it with, so accept that fact. But Mitra cares about her students (always took extra time for anything) and makes class as interesting as possible. She's punctual, smart, and nice.
3.0 : She is super nice and willing to help, but in writing 150 its basically impossible to get above a B. She helps in office hours and you think you are doing well but will get bad grades on the papers. Going to class is a joke you do nothing but you have to go to all classes. Writing 150 sucks, I do not recommend her, but if you ask for help its ok.
5.0 : Mitra is entertaining and darling. She expects a lot from her class, but if you're willing to work, you will be fine. Ask questions! She is super smart and can help you figure out whatever you're stuck on. My writing is a far cry from where I started.
5.0 : A writing class where you actually learn how to write. Mitra teaches the hard stuff like style and structure. She encourages you to be smart and creative and find your voice even while writing essays. This was easily the best class I've taken at USC and I'll miss being in her class!
5.0 : Mitra's class is unlike any other writing class. She approaches discussions creatively and intelligently, and inspires you to do the same. In class she encourages you to find your own writing voice and to think deeply about every issue. Come prepared to work hard and you will learn to write well. Slackers need not apply.
4.5 : Definitely a TOUGH grader, but you will learn a lot by having to work to get the grade. She's incredibly smart (will intelligently respond to anything you bring up in lecture) and is always willing to help you improve your work through one-on-one conferences. Also she's adorable!
2.0 : Parineh is a very tough grader and personally for me didn't provide enough information on why I got the grades I got. As a freshman, it was a very scary class to take. However, if I would've taken the class as a junior, I would have got a lot more out of it.
5.0 : Jeff clears all the questions you've had in 213ab and 211. Seriously, I don't even know why those classes were useful... He reviewed everything from beginning to end, and if you pay FULL attention in class you'll survive. He grades easily and is generous with final grades.
4.5 : Interesting Professor. He is definitely fun and you'll stay awake in his classes. However, a previous student was correct in saying it won't go well for you if you disagree with him. Not always a super respectful class environment.
4.5 : Mistrano is very passionate about the material he teaches, which makes class engaging and more enjoyable for "micro" focused students. Cusses often, very opinionated. DON'T BE LATE TO CLASS. Fair grader. Hard to get into 2nd sem. since he is a popular professor.
5.0 : If you've ever seen Dead Poet's Society, then you'll understand how Mistrano's students feel about him. There's no one like him. Interesting, real life experiences and case studies tied in, even people who aren't interested in policy will love it by the end.
5.0 : Great professor. Glad I was  able to take him. He gave me my love for policy back
3.5 : Quite simply the best. Transformative experience!
5.0 : Best USC SOWK instructor hands down if you get the opportunity take him, but register fast his classes fill up like lightening!
5.0 : Mistrano is an excellent professor.    He is profane at times, we used to set a line and take bets on how many times he would cuss during class.  However, he does that to make a point, to make you ill at ease and engaged.  He breaks down how to advocate, challenge the system and why it matters. Stuff a SW needs to know.
5.0 : I would not be surprised if this guy had a secrete following, he is that cool. He keeps all classes interesting and engaging and explains all the papers so they don't seem like too much work. Very entertaining class, indeed.
3.0 : Mistrano is like none other. His passion for the subject is clear. I had no interest in policy until I was in his class. He is intimidating, honest, and challenging. I was a little scared to participate, but I did and he made me think on a different level than I have before. Great great teacher. He's so funny too.
5.0 : Professor Mistrano is awesome! he's a great professor and HILARIOUS as well. He makes a hard subject somewhat easy. I highly suggest taking him. He give example A papers so you kind of know what his expectations are, DO NOT WAIT UNTIL LAST MINUTE to do his papers, he will call you out on it. HIGHLY SUGGEST taking professor Mistrano.
4.0 : I recommend Mistrano to everyone who visits this site.  If I were able to grade him an all 5 I would, but the system seems to not allow that - not sure why.  He is the greatest example of making learning fun, but serious about what is required.  I seriously enjoyed this class and will seek him out every opportunity he teaches a course. Select him
5.0 : Awesome Teacher!
5.0 : Best professor I have had at USC. So many great stories and I actually remember the things covered in class.
4.5 : Professor Dan Schnur is sort of like Lord Varys from A Game of Thrones. While he tries to hide his views, he wants whats best for the kingdom ultimately. He isn't very partisan, unfortunately his guest speakers are all establishment shills. 9/10 would take again
4.0 : never underestimate the level of the course even if you've learned the martingale before
5.0 : This class was everything I expected it to be! Best GE I've taken and Dr. M makes lectures really interesting. He makes it clear class is NOT mandatory and I still went to every one. Lab for the course is super easy and a lot of fun as well. I looked forward to it. Just study hard for exams, put some effort into the paper, and do the extra credit!
4.0 : Class was okay. Professor was amazing.
5.0 : You will walk in thinking the class is so easy, then you'll take your first test and get a 70% - don't worry, everyone did equally bad so the tests are curved. Discussion section is literally just to boost your grade, just show up and you'll get 100%. the paper - they are instructed to give 90% of the class above a 90% - so you're guaranteed an A.
5.0 : First of all, he's nice to look at. He is very interested in what he is teaching. DO NOT get distracted during lecture because you will get completely lost. Really interesting if you actually pay attention. Labs are super easy, 1 presentation. Tests are easy A's if you actually study, grades on a curve. I would take again just for fun.
3.5 : good class, tests were not too bad because he curves them, lab is mandatory but boring and lecture is not mandatory. i would recommend the class
4.5 : This class was great for 2 reasons: 1 its a GE science class about drugs which is super interesting and 2 monterosso rocks. He's super funny and clear and nice and makes you wanna go to lecture bc he's so into the subject. even if you've done GE 4 I would highly recommend this for an elective. labs were so chill basically all survey based bc psych.
1.5 : Worst class I took at USC. From all the reviews I thought it would be an easy A but he has changed his rules. ATTENDANCE AND PAYING ATTENTION IS A MUST.. you cant miss a single class?! Also, the lab is mandatory and there  is a confusing paper due that he tells everyone you will get a high grade on it but you dont. LOTS OF READING, HARD TESTS!
5.0 : This class teaches you some of the most interesting material you will learn at USC. It is valuable knowledge and knowledge that most people have not fully learned about. Class is divided in 3 sections: Drugs--Behavior--Society. The first 2 exams are somewhat difficult, but Monterrosso gives plenty of extra credit + curves tests + lab is easy
5.0 : This class is extremely easy. I stopped showing up after the 1st midterm and still got an A in the class. He posts a study guide online prior to each test. Make sure to memorize the material and do the posted readings and you should be golden. The discussion is mandatory but easy as well. Show up, do the work, and you'll get full points for it.
4.5 : Monterosso is a really nice and smart professor. I took his drugs class for GE4 and it was great. The class isn't too difficult to do well in and the topics covered are pretty interesting.
5.0 : Great GE! I went to the classes and would get above 100 on every exam. If you go to labs and do the short 1,000 wors paper you automatically get 100% for 40% of your grade. Highly recommend this GE!! You will learn a ton of relevant and interesting info but it will still be easy and enjoyable.
5.0 : Interesting class, brings in cool guest speakers, super easy exams and labs w/ almost no homework. This guy knows how to run a GE course :)
5.0 : Science of Happiness is possibly the best course I have taken at USC. It is really easy as a psychology major, but the material is very interesting and Monterosso is an engaging lecturer.
1.0 : Monterosso is pretty lazy. He honestly does the bare minimum in lectures and sits in his chair reading off slides. He seems like a nice enough guy, but this is not the "easy GE" that everyone claims it is. The tests are awful even if you have studied the material because they are so poorly written. Discussion group is bs. Take something else.
3.5 : Monterosso is a great professor and this class is definitely worth taking. He posts a study aid before every exam that basically tells you everything you need to know. He also offers a fair amount of extra credit. Show up to lab section and do the readings and you will be fine. The material is also really interesting.
4.5 : It is a very easy class. He makes it pretty interesting and helpful. Great for a GE
5.0 : Really funny, engaging professor!! Despite having to buy and read 14 different novellas for this class, I really enjoyed going over each of the books because Professor Daz made the class so engaging. Read texts that I wouldn't have normally read, which is nice too. Very helpful, very kind, very knowledgeable.  Highly recommend him and his classes.
5.0 : Incredible professor. Loves to go on tangents but always manages to connect them to the material we are learning. Very accessible out of class. Lectures are 90% Spanish-spoken. If you need to take a Spanish class, take his!
3.0 : READ READ READ. Read the novels, don't fall behind. It's fine if you don't pay attention in class as long as you can analyze the books on your own.
5.0 : I took his Reading and Opera class. There were only two tests, a midterm and a final, and both were easy. Tree essays, all easy enough, but very specific and kind of strange topics. He assigned a book or two which you should read, but sparknotes probably would have been fine. He graded a little hard on the first paper but got nicer. Go to class.
4.0 : Professor Diaz has a very different lecture style- no powerpoints or visuals, just him with book in hand analyzing that week's required chapter reading. There are two take home essays (3 pages each), 1 midterm, and 1 final that requires in class writing. If you don't fall behind in reading, you'll do fine. There are nine $12 required chapter books
5.0 : Professor Diaz is so fun and I really enjoyed his class! There is a lot of reading but it's not exactly mandatory... you can definitely get by in lecture just waiting for other people to speak and then responding to what they said. Two short (4 page) essays plus one final paper (8-10 pages). Overall easy class with a super cool professor!
1.0 : This course was a huge waste of time. Professor Owens seemed to run out of teaching material after about the first week and basically repeated variations of the same lecture for the rest of the semester. He is well-spoken and articulate but seems to use that to fill his lectures with fluff instead of substance.
5.0 : In a world increasingly dominated by lifeless, text-message communication, this course brings the art back to business writing. Since accountants are not known for being wonderful communicators, this class provides invaluable skills that can set one apart instantly in their early career. Put simply, Professor Owens demonstrates, not just "teaches."
5.0 : If you want to learn how to communicate professionally- you should take Professor Owen's class. He is truly dedicated to teaching his students and you are guaranteed to show real improvement if you try Regardless of the professor, Writ340 is not an easy course- so you might as well take the class with a great professor and learn something valuable
5.0 : Honestly, Professor Owens is one of the hardest working and sincere individuals I've ever met. If the class ever complained and whined about some form of miscommunication in the class then he would always take the time to resolve it. If you're looking to really get plugged into the nonprofit/social sector then this class and professor is a must.
5.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed going to this class twice a week and learn from Professor Owens about the NP sector. My favorite parts of this class were the guest speakers  (ie. grant writer, donors, board members) and the dialogue with the other students in the class. I learned more about NP management than I have in any other class. TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Hardest grader I've had and huge workload. Nearly impossible to get an A, hard to get A-. Overwhelming number of assignments and very tough grading criteria, but he actually teaches you how to write as a professional. Overall hard class, but highly recommended. Take him to properly learn how to write, but know that you'll have to work a lot.
4.5 : Owens will teach you how to speak and write very well. You will improve undoubtedly and he teaches many life lessons throughout the semester. Quirky, funny and kind professor who makes class easy to go to. Can be repetitive, but he's always worth listening to. Would highly recommend taking his class. Very very hard to get above an A-. Avg B to B+
1.0 : Although I respect what Owens does outside of USC, he's by far the worst professor I've ever had. There was no structure, so we were perpetually confused with due dates (which never were kept) &amp; he would get mad when we expressed our confusion. He was unorganized, taught us nothing, and every assignment was basically the same. DON'T take his class.
4.5 : Honestly, this class is very pointless. Prof Hodge did what she could with it, and she's definitely a lot of fun. Still, I slept through most of the lectures. She knows how boring this class is, and she tries to make it less painful - by throwing out candy! Might as well take her, since you have to take ENGR 102. Probably a good prof in AME.
5.0 : She's very caring and organized, and she makes the class very engaging. I learned a lot, and the reading was extremely manageable. She's also an incredibly easy grader as long as you put in the effort.
5.0 : This is by far the best GE I have taken, or would even hope to take. The class is not only an extremely easy A, provided you show up to class (where you will watch movies and discuss novelsplays), but also a very insightful class. If this class is offered, do not hesitate to register immediately!
5.0 : Dr. Weisman is really nice. She assigns a lot of reading and essays but she's available if you need help. She shows great films too. The readings are long but they're interesting! Would take again!
4.0 : Prof. Weisman is super nice and isn't a very difficult grader. I would definitely pay attention to the midterm because there are only 10 multiple choice questions and they weren't as easy as I thought they would be. Other than that there are 3 essays and the final is annotations. Overall easy.
5.0 : Weisman is very knowledgeable about the topic and simply wants her students to be invested in it. Majority of classes consisted of watching movies or looking at poems/short stories. Reading is super manageable, only 3 essays w/ very easy grading. Genuinely enjoyed the class, she cares a lot about the students/what they take from it. 100% recommend
5.0 : I regret not taking the class for credit. She's honestly the most caring professor ever, and though we have a lot of reading, everyone enjoyed the topics and discussions and she grades pretty easy. It's my highest grade. Definitely would recommend :)
5.0 : Probably the best math teacher Ive ever had! Seriously so clear and helpful about everything in this class. A very hard class to take, but taking it with Honda is your best bet.
5.0 : Hands down my favorite professor at USC. If you get an opportunity to take a class with Prof Albertson, DO IT!!  He cares about his students, and his lectures are absolutely incredible. He breaks down the text in a way that makes it so much more clear and easy to relate to the present day.  He is accessible during office hours too!
4.0 : He is a super nice professor but this was a very hard GE. Took it because I saw reviews that said he was easy, and they couldn't have been more wrong. Hardest GE I have taken at SC, and would not recommend it if doesn't go toward your major. Tons of assignments, three papers 3 exams, have to go to a DVD showing every week. Very demanding class.
3.0 : this class was so boring. there were only 8 students so you pretty much had to talk every day and if you're not a religion/philosophy major (or if you're not interested in those subjects), don't take it! It'll be a painful 90 minutes
5.0 : I took a class from Dr. Albertson in my first semester at USC, and he drastically improved my experience. His lectures were interesting, he encouraged discussion, and continues to be one of the most accessible and respectful teachers I've had. His class wasn't easy, but he made it possible to do well and I'd take him again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : His discussions are always thought-provoking and he's very easy-going and approachable. He grades in an upward trend and gives good feedback. His classes are a bit heavy on reading, but you'll get the most out of it if you keep up. He focuses a lot on Christianity. Would take his class again!
5.0 : Albertson is a solid choice. Lectures are very interesting and he describes complex philosophical ideas well. My class had a reading list, three papers, one group project, and a take home essay final, and it was easy to not do the readings and stay afloat. Participation in discussion is important but he always responds kindly to students' thoughts.
4.0 : Amazing lecturer - could feel long at times tho. Participation is important and he always makes you sound smart even if your comments feel obvious. He tears apart your essays but he grades fairly and tries to find positives. work on essays ahead of time and run your thesis by him via email if possible - he is helpful if you ask! overall great prof!
5.0 : Clear and relatable in explaining philosophy concepts that might otherwise be boring. He was always friendly which made the class fun to attend, and he is intelligent but not pretentious which makes him great to learn from. Almost everyone got a B on their first essay and the majority got As on the second (he seems to grade in upward trends.)
4.5 : This class is very reading intensive and easy to fall behind in. If you pay attention in lectures then it becomes manageable to fall behind with your readings. Likewise it does require a lot of writing. Albertson is a great, affable professor and is more than willing to help you out! I highly recommend visiting for office hours.
5.0 : She has great course material and knows what she is talking about! She also provides very interesting examples from her own personal experience in the field of Forensics. Definitely my favorite teacher thus far. However, she has A LOT of information for every midterm and the two tests determine your whole grade :(
3.0 : If you are not interested in the material, this will be hard for you. She lectures for 3 hours, and it gets hard to stay interested. The class only has lectures, no guest speakers, so I wish it was more interactive. Answers all the questions that the students ask. Brings in a lot of examples from her experience. Tests are hard, lots of material
2.5 : A lot of the class felt 'a mile wide and an inch deep' because we had so much material to cover. Reading never felt mandatory, which I think contributed to stagnant class discussions. Also, Freeman's essay comments are largely worthless... I definitely don't feel that this class helped me improve as a writer. Good for new English majors/minors.
5.0 : I had Chris for LA stories and he was the best teacher I've had so far at USC. All of the novels you read are really interesting (and also pretty short). In terms of essays he's usually pretty flexible with topics/encourages you to try new things. He's enthusiastic about LA &amp; knows a ton about it so if you're interested, definitely take this class!
4.0 : He was amazing but his TAs did all of the grading. He gave them complete freedom to set their own grading criteria. Your grade heavily depends on whether you get a fair TA. He doesn't curve. Take this class pass/no pass. Attendance in lecture and discussion is necessary for the Hot Seat. 2 papers and a take home final.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class! It is true that the TAs are responsible for your grade, but if you have a good TA, this class is great. Freeman is very engaging and funny and never makes you feel stupid for answering in any one way (and that is important in a poetry class, I think). There's fun components too, like attending a live poetry reading.
5.0 : Professor Freeman is the best! This class was a joy to take because all the readings are interesting &amp; Freeman keeps it that way in lecture. I'd leave class feeling inspired &amp; on occasion re-read texts because of things we discussed in class. Three papers, one project, take-home final. Fill or surpass word requirements for all &amp; you'll be fine.
5.0 : LA Stories was by far my favorite GE and perhaps entire class of my USC career. I love the class structure and the course novels are easy reads paired with some really captivating stories. Chris is a really fun professor and his enthusiasm is so refreshing. I really wish I could enroll in his class again!
5.0 : This class is great, at least among the best I've taken at SC. Interesting reading, stimulating discussion in class, lots of freedom to write about things that interest you. Easy too, no final exam :) and if you're an LA native it's even better, I learned so much
5.0 : Chris is a great teacher. LA Stories was easy, I read half the booksbut they're really good books too! Every class he has a discussion on the books and movies and as long as you participate (easy to do) and attend class, you're good. He grades easy on the essays as well. Really interesting class, I learned a lot.
4.0 : The LA Stories class was awesome. There was a bit of reading, but it was not necessary. Some didn't read half the books. We talked mostly about race in LA because that is a majority of LA's history. There were 3 essays and a presentation. He's really cool about the presentation and will give you links to articles relevant to your topic. Take it!
5.0 : Professor Freeman is an amazing instructor. His passion for what he teaches clearly shows throughout each class meeting and he's easily accessible to his students, which I found super helpful. There are six books, but he picked these out not only to teach us something but also for us to enjoy! Probably one the best professors at USC!
5.0 : Prof Barone is so great. I love her!!!! Lectures are amazing, exams are easy if you attend the class and take notes, or you can just read the relative chapters in the textbook. All MCQ. Extra credits, yes. There is one essay though which you can choose the topic from four categories given.
3.5 : Didnt have to buy textbook in this class, ace the class!!
5.0 : Just nice. Interesting videos. Give out As on papers so don't be intimidated.
4.0 : Social Psych is a very interesting subject. That being said, Barone makes her slides from the textbook, so either go to lecture or read the textbook. She even uses exact examples from the textbook. Note though: she tries to keep lecture interesting, but she personally put me to sleep. Honestly a little effort and it's an easy class
5.0 : Honestly, this class was easy and interesting. I didn't attend many lectures, but I did the reading got an A on all the exams. Exams are very straight-forward and can use a bit of common sense. As long as you do the readings in advance, there should be no reason to get a bad grade in this class.
3.5 : This class way alright. It was basically common sense with fancy labels and hypotheses attached. Dr. Barone is also very nice and animated... the class just wasn't too terribly interesting.
5.0 : Barone is the single nicest and most inspiring professors I have ever had. She cares so so so much about her students and is so helpful if you meet with her. The course material is very interesting. Her lectures are based around the readings and her tests are very straightforward.
3.0 : She's a sweet lady who means well but is awful at lecturing. She attempts to keep things lighthearted but lectures are unfortunately boring and awkward. Class attendance is basically unnecessary since it is very difficult to pay attention. Average easiness due to a website where you can test yourself on class material.
3.5 : I took minimal notes in lecture and read the textbook and got A's on every test but the final. I didn't get clarity on the paper and got a C so that blew my A. But overall, easy easy class, just boring lecture.
4.0 : Super easy, interesting course. Exams are all multiple choice, which is really nice. Her lectures can be slightly boring but are worth attending. Term paper was definitely not enjoyable by any means, but you are able to choose your own topic and due date. Overall, she's a very sweet woman, and she wants her students to succeed!
4.5 : If you read the book and attend class the semester will be pretty easy.  Tests are all multiple choice, so cramming does help.  The final paper for the class isn't graded that hard and the class itself is amazing.  Definitely recommend.
5.0 : Professor Barone was an amazing teacher, the textbook is a lot of reading but the class is very interesting. Lectures are good. Would take again. Term paper was somewhat long but manageable.
5.0 : Good professor. It's okay not to show up. What you need to do is read the book she used, which was inspirational and not a tough reading at all. Her tests were all easy, straightforward, and non-cumulative. Also, do the extra credit opportunity by taking part of some quick surveys. It does boost your grade.
4.5 : EXTREMELY EASY class. Only one big paper. Several midterms and finals which were all every easy. Extra credits were available.
5.0 : Tests are straightforward if you do the reading. Her lectures are long but she tries to make things interesting.
5.0 : One of the easiest teachers at USC. No study guide, but use powerpoints as an outline. Tests directly out of the book. Extra credit offered. GO TO OFFICE HOURS. She will help you. She's very helpful and kind. She definitely cares for her students. Only thing is sometimes the number of questions during lectures get a bit tedious.
4.0 : Great professor! If you go to class but more importantly read, you'll do well on the midterms no problem. There's one paper, which isn't difficult (as long as you meet the requirements you get an A). The reading isn't too much, plus it's interesting so it's really not so bad.
5.0 : Dr. Barone is amazing. 3 multiple choice midterms, a 5-page paper, and a takehome, non-cumulative, multiple choice final. class isn't mandatory but if you go you won't need the book. That being said, the book was really interesting and i'll probably keep it. take this class, and take any classes you can with barone!
5.0 : This is the third class I've taken with Dr. Barone. Three easy multiple choice midterms (read the book and you'll do fine) and a relatively simple group project. Final was non-cumulative and we took it on the last day of class. Boring but worth it for the easy A
3.0 : Her directions for assignments is very vague but that also allows you more creative freedom. Her lectures say exactly what the book says minus a few details. The tests are oddly specific so that makes them hard. She also brings in a few guest speakers. If you read the book you will pass even if you dont go to lecture.
5.0 : She is truly a sweetheart. I took her class, close relationships, and it was definitely a one-of-a-kind class. I even was able to relate a lot of the things that we learn in class to my current relationship. You do have to read the textbook to do the well, but the grading is pretty lenient and the exams are very straightforward. One of my best prof
4.0 : Three multiple choice midterms, one multiple choice final, one 5 page research paper. I went to one single lecture, just read the review section of each chapter and used little online quizzes to prep, and got a B/B+. Prof Barone is so nice and the class is a lot of common knowledge but really relevant. Would take again for sure
5.0 : Definitely would take again. I love how straightforward her grading system is. She makes it easy to get an A, and you can clearly tell what kind of grade you have throughout the semester. Either go to class or skim the book to fill in the blanks in her powerpoints- attendance non mandatory and midterms are nothing surprising
3.0 : Chill &amp; funny. Keeps lectures short. Must read textbook to pass tests. 4 exams are all mc. Research essay is a pain, get started early, TA graded  somewhat easy. SONA extra credit offered (max 10 credits). Lectures can get boring, but she gives good clarifications, I suggest attending and she usually lets you out early.
5.0 : This is probably one of the best classes I've had. Professor Roberts is an amazing professor, and you can tell he is really interested in what he's talking out. He's pretty chill and is good about piecing the material together in the context of a story so you can remember it better. He speaks very quickly, though.
3.5 : He is engaging and knowledgable and the class is pretty easy. The lectures aren't mandatory but they are very important. He speaks quickly so pay close attention in lecture. Two papers and two tests (non-cumulative). Highly recommend this course.
5.0 : Renaissance Culture was a great class that explored engaging literature. Our class discussions were always entertaining. This class does have a fair amount of required reading and writing assignments. However, this class definitely improved my writing skills, and the professor is very available to help with assignments.
5.0 : Great class. Prof. Rosenthal gives all of the students direction for the 3 papers. If you listen to her you will do well. If you ever have an issue she can always meet with you, and is flexible with times. The reading is easy and light. Participating is necessary, the topics are interesting and you will want to talk. Best class.
5.0 : If you're looking for an easy GE this class is probably not for you, but I thought it was a really great class.  Prof. Rosenthal works hard to make the class more interactive than just a lecture so she will sometimes call on people but there's no real pressure to give a "right" answer.  Definitely do the reading, most of the books are a good read!
4.5 : Professor Rosenthal is passionate about the subject she teaches and is always willing to meet with her students. You should always keep up on readings if you plan to take the class, but she never assigns too many pages so this isn't hard. There's a midterm, quiz, final and two papers.
5.0 : Professor Rosenthal and her class are both worth taking if you have the chance. She puts a lot of thought into what she does and is actually wants to get to know students. The material she covers in interesting and addresses the text itself as well as the sociological context the authors existed in. I would highly recommend Professor Rosenthal!
4.5 : By far the best teacher I ahve ever had at USC. She is not only passionate about the class, but also cares about the students and our experience. She is extremely accommodating and grades fairly. As long as you go to class and read most of the material, you will get an A/A-.
1.0 : The course was irrelevant regarding renaissance Italy, not to mention the level of difficulty. You should not take this course if you struggle in writing.
5.0 : Italian Storytelling with Prof. Rosenthal is easily one of the best courses I've taken at USC. Unlike many professors, she is open to a wide range of opinions and interpretations and always steers the class discussions in interesting directions. Everything we read in her class was really entertaining. Take one of her classes.
4.0 : The class consisted of biweekly readings, discussion posts, and about five essays placed throughout the semester. Attendance, participation, and turning in even small assignments are pretty important for her, and she does call on people if they haven't been talking. By the end of the semester it really feels as though she cares about you.
5.0 : Excellent  course.  My favorite.
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've had.  Baker is SO bright and knows so much!  Very up to date in the world of research.  The best at USC!
5.0 : This is an important course.  Baker is very good and really knows his stuff.  He is the best professor I've had.  Friendly too.
4.5 : So adorable! Chalkboard lectures that aren't the easiest to follow but recording the lectures helps. Such a great professor, really interested in what he's teaching and the exam is beyond straight forward. Definitely a great class!
5.0 : This is the best course I've ever taken!  Baker is amazing.  He knows everything, including the latest research in many complex topics.  I'm a senior and he has changed my life.
5.0 : Great course!
5.0 : This is the most useful course I have taken at USC.  Baker is superb and knows everything in great detail.  Hones in on important points.  Very clear lectures.  Baker really knows how to teach complex science.  Don't miss taking this course!  He's good!
5.0 : Baker's course is very good.  He's the best prof at USC!  He's fun, nice, easy to talk to and has vast knowledge.  This course is the best I've ever taken.
5.0 : Excellent course!  Best professor!  Lectures were really up to date and information given was more accurate than the book.  Baker really cares about the students.  An important course.
1.0 : So hard to work with. Not nice. Not a good grader. Doesn't work with students. Made me want to change my major.
5.0 : A very kind professor! Her class is very interesting and has a lot of interesting projects. She truly cares about her students and teaches them how to become a successful journalist. She loves her students to go to her office hour often. Strongly recommend her!
5.0 : Loved his Freshman Seminar class! Incredibly fun and doesn't feel like work.
5.0 : Professor Russett is one of the best teachers I've ever had, she's funny, passionate, articulate, and although her class is rigorous, the work is worth it. Even though she's the head of the English department and I was just a freshman, she provided lots of feedback and one-on -one attention. I've never learned so much, so quickly.
5.0 : Merely existing in Prof Russett's presence has probably brought my IQ up a few points. She expects a lot, but grades fairly and is lenient on deadlines if the occasion necessitates it. Her final lecture of the year was the most captivating hour of my entire semester. Highly recommend, just know that you will have to work for that A.
5.0 : Meg Russett has set the bar incredibly high for my future college professors and she might be the most intelligent person I've ever learned from. My writing/critical thinking skills have improved tremendously in the past semester and this class blew my mind on multiple occasions. I'm sad that my major means I probably can't take Meg Russett again.
3.0 : Professor Russett was a nice lady but if you care about your GPA, do not take this class. It will drag down all the other As you worked so hard for in your other classes because it is very difficult to get an A. Additionally, during class, she mainly just talks at you (there's some opportunity for participation though) and attendance is mandatory.
3.5 : Profesora Gallego is the funniest woman ever. She is so adorable and sweet. The class however isn't great, but she does her best to make it fun. I took the class P/NP but probably should have taken it for a grade, because my grade is in the 90s. Don't skip class though, that will screw you over. Recommend!
5.0 : I recommend everyone to take this class!!! I hadn't taken Spanish since my Junior year in high school and this class is very easy and well paced. Also Gallego is literally an angel sent to earth, she's so nice, funny, and really loves her students! She's also an easy grader. Just come to class and you can easily succeed
4.0 : Lorena is great! She's fun, engaging and hilarious. Totally recommend her! The class is 3 chapter tests, blackboard activities, participation, 2 oral exams and the final. She can be kind of hard on participation so make sure to attend all classes and try to raise your hand a couple of times. Take the class for a grade, most do really well
5.0 : AMAZING!!!!!
5.0 : This woman is wonderful- it is so obvious that she wants all of her students to do well. She is literally one of the most enthusiastic professors I've ever had. She's so sweet and funny and really makes each class a pleasure. I highly recommend taking her class.
5.0 : 545 is a tough class.  Groups and families has the dreaded family paper that will kick you in the gut.  She spent a great amount of time with the class in role play doing groups and family therapy.  So, we practiced what we learned.  It was tough.  She drills in what it means to be a SW.  She says she is a tough grader, but I think very fair.
4.0 : She is difficult, however if you pit in the work , take part in the discussions, and as for help when needed you will do fine.
5.0 : Professor Sigal is an amazing person! She is very accessible and she truly cares about her student's success. I love her! She gives great feedback on papers and is always wanting you to come to class with "take aways" from the readings and asynch material. She is inspiring and just really down to earth.
5.0 : Professor Siegal is truly a great professor, she not only brings in real life examples that are so helpful, she really cares about her students.  She is funny, kind,honest, I looked forward to every class!  Papers were really explained well,  questions are welcomed in her class, and she makes herself available to you always.  loved this class!
5.0 : Being in Professor Siegel's class was such a pleasant experience. She was very knowledgeable and always helpful, in and out of class. I particularly found it very helpful when she used real life examples to explain somewhat complex theories. She shows respect to her students and was very interested in our perspective as it applied to social work.
5.0 : Very personable and engaging. Professors such as Siegal who can transcend the technological divide and connect with their students on an academic and human level are so valuable when pursuing an online degree. Siegal clearly cares about her students and has valuable experience in field.
5.0 : There was a high goodness of fit with Prof. Siegel and me. To me, a professor who is passionate and knowledgeable about the material and committed to their students, is an ideal situation. Professor Siegel is a kind and compassionate person. I would take her class again in a heart-beat.
2.0 : Professor Siegal has good intention and is very friendly but she was not successful in relaying theoretical information, as the majority of the class discussions involved listening to her talk about personal information ( not relative to class)  and sometimes talk over the students. She strays away from the topics and we usually get into 1-2 slides
1.0 : If you're a full-time student and it's your first semester I wouldn't advise taking her. If you don't have the luxury of spending majority of your time focusing on her class and her assignments you probably won't do too well.
4.5 : She's very knowledgable about the subject she is teaching and applies the theories you learn to real life encounters. People may say she's a tough grader but she is tough because she expects us as graduate students to write these papers like we are in the real world not in under grad. Writing skills improved greatly because of her. Highly recommend
5.0 : Professor Siegal really cares about her students.  She's very specific in  her expectations, gives out a grading rubric and tells students exactly what needs to be included in papers, so there are no surprises.  Class discussions are really interesting- talking about complicated issues we're all trying to navigate in life.
2.0 : Professor Siegal is available to answer emails &amp; expresses a desire to help students but can talk about her personal life instead of the subject matter.  She often answered students questions without understanding what the student is asking, therefore, the question is not answered.  I found her feedback confusing and contradictory.
5.0 : i love you Mary Joan
1.5 : I learned really well how to critique other actors, but not so much how to act myself.  She is a scary human, and will constantly tell you something and then change it back the next day.  No room for experimenting, you have to do it her way.  If you are late, she will get on her phone and call you to see where you are.
5.0 : She's one of the most inspirational people I have ever met. She's tough- she needs to prepare you for the industry- but it's because she genuinely wants you to succeed, not only in the class, but in life thereafter. ALWAYS be on time for class, and with her class, you'll be happy to be there, even if it is the crack of dawn.
5.0 : Mary Joan is quite the teacher. She's entertaining and she's an incredibly talented teacher. She knows drama (especially classical drama) better than anyone at USC. She is tough and she is also like a second mom. My only complaint is that sometimes you will feel your creativity is stifled. Learn from her, but stay true to your own talents.
5.0 : Mary Joan is the absolute best of the best. Her background is incredibly impressive (and she knows it). As far as grades are concerned, if you show up to class and rehearse outside of class, you're good. Like everyone's said, she expects the best out of you and you should NEVER skip class or show up late!!!
5.0 : She really forces you to understand the structure of Shakespearean writing in order to inform your acting choices, which helps immensely.  She will not let bad work fly, but only because she wants her class to genuinely succeed.  Her voicemails to late students are stuff of legend.
5.0 : Great Man. Great teaching style; develops the topic from basics
5.0 : One of the best professors to take a class under. Develops concepts from scratch. You don't need to even open the book - just attend his classes and listen attentively and you will ace it. Very friendly and encourages out of class learning. Always helpful - TAs and graders also are really nice. Really nice teaching style. Must take 559/660 in USC.
5.0 : I took Hip Hop &amp; Culture with Demers a year ago and it was amazing! 2 short pop quizzes, 1 in-class midterm, 1 in-class final. Homework for this class is great -- she assigns great music to listen to and interesting readings you basically only have to skim. Demers knows her stuff and I learned a ton. Take this class!
5.0 : I took Demers for Music as Politics and it was great! Two 2,000 word essays, weekly journals, and a creative work at the end. Each class was a discussion on assigned readings and music, and the class was fairly easy and very educational. She also gives really lenient grades
5.0 : One of the best teachers at Csun. He will give you real world advise and will prepare you like no other professor. He encourages students to speak their minds and uses a very democratic method of teaching. I highly recommend taking him.
5.0 : One of the most brilliant professors you'll ever take. A true inspiration.
5.0 : I feel obligated to give a review to Prof Green. I'd say his class was hands down one of the most important classes I took at CSUN. The course concepts are good but the other life lessons he teaches is so useful. He got me into researching and expanding what I know. The people who looked into blockchain know what i'm talking about (;
5.0 : Best Writing Prof Ever!!  I will never forget how he taught me to make my statement risky! Miss Cody so much!
4.5 : Cody Todd is one of those professors that leave you wanting more time with them. He makes writing enjoyable and exciting. The topics are yours for the most part and he is willing to sit down and discuss with you about your topic. Which makes it easer it write on.. He praises you when you do well and gives you good feedback on what to do next.
4.5 : Dr. Todd is my boy. Best teacher I've had at USC
5.0 : Cody Todd is the MAN. He's super helpful in the writing process and his critiques are always insightful. He truly wants his students to do well in the class and he seems to grade essays a lot easier than most other writing professors. He's a genuinely funny guy and makes me actually want to go to class. Highly recommend. Take him, no question.
2.5 : At first I was really off put by Cody. It was hard for me to connect with him but, once I got to know him I began to enjoy his classes. He so clearly has our best interest in mind and will do all he can to help us. Very easy class if you listen to his feedback. Glad I stuck it out.
4.0 : Had him for my introductory Italian class! He is phenomenal, and arguably the funniest teacher I have had at USC. The class was really fun, only thing that sucked was myItalianLab.
5.0 : This is my first time taking Italian. Don't get me wrong, this class is tough. But I am already able to speak cohesively and write in full paragraphs after a semester. He is incredibly energetic, and fully invests himself in the wellbeing of each student. Classes are really fun (and stressful), but I was one of the best classes I've taken so far.
5.0 : Alessio teaches how everyone should teach a foreign language. He focuses on speaking! He reviews material every day so the knowledge builds. He is also extremely funny! Funniest guy ever. The classes are entertaining but the tests are challenging. If you participate, study and memorize what he teaches, you will do great.
5.0 : Incredible Instructor! Fun, captivating and hilarious. You'll definitely have to put work into the class. You get out what you put in and Alessio makes the class incredibly doable!
4.0 : hes a very good teacher, really funny and interactive, keeps the class moving along. the tests can be a little difficult if you don't study the vocab and keep up with the class. great class and one of my favorite professors ever! he really makes you learn so much material
5.0 : Alessio is awesome. I had him for ITAL 120 and again for ITAL 220. He genuinely cares about his students and wants to see them grow as Italian speakers. The way he teaches shows that he's not in this just for a paycheck, he is passionate about Italian. I would take him again in a heartbeat, it's tough but worth it.
5.0 : I took Professor Segal's Death and Dying class for GE 5 and it was honestly the best decision ever! Segal has a way of initiating meaningful class discussion that makes the students want to participate. She is also very helpful during Office Hours, so if you ever have any questions regarding the essays, do not hesitate to drop by for advice.
5.0 : Prof Segal is the best! She's so sweet &amp; very helpful when it comes to giving feedback on stories. She's willing to meet with you outside of class to reread any drafts you have for extra help. On top of that, she has a great sense of humor in classjust don't make stupid mistakes or try to get away with not trying. She will call you out. Take her!
5.0 : I took her Death and Dying in American Literature class. Very interesting class and great professor. You have to read the material that she provides and participate in class but I would definitely take her again. There are a few papers you must write but its not difficult at all and she will edit full rough drafts if you go to her soon enough.
5.0 : I absolutely loved this class &amp; looked forward to attending every week.  Only first 2 weeks or so are lectures, rest are discussions. Review 2-3 peer-written stories a week &amp; write one-page critiques. Read stories from the textbook each week and write on them. Write 2 stories. Sounds like a lot, but she's so helpful &amp; I've grown as a writer.
4.0 : This is a workshop based class. Two complete stories due at the end of the semester (about 30 pages total). Two 1-page critiques every week.  Segal is a phenomenal teacher and really knows what she is talking about. She gives fantastic feedback on your writing and the class workshops are fun and eye-opening. My writing improved immensely.
5.0 : Super interesting author. I took Death and Dying with her, and the class always had very interesting discussions. 3 papers, an easy midterm, and a final group project. Overall, if you get put in this Gsem, you won't hate it. She is very willing to work with you, and help with your prose.
5.0 : She's a really great teacher. Very chill, personable, and intelligent. Although participation is definitely necessary in this class, she makes it very easy for students to participate and share their ideas. The papers were pretty straightforward and the midterm was easy. If you put in the effort for this class, your grade will definitely reflect it
5.0 : Definitely the BEST professor you can imagine! Just participate in class and you will get an A. Plus, the material is interesting- on death and dying. Her class really makes you to think about life. She even helps international students to correct their grammar mistakes in papers, which should have been done by the writing center.
5.0 : Segal is a really helpful prof. and really just wants you to be engaged and to participate in the discussions. The papers are straightforward, midterm is a breeze, and the final is a group project. She's a great writer so this is a good way to improve early in college.
3.0 : She's tolerable. Not the worst of them. Nothing special or memorable.
5.0 : Segal's been one of my favorite professors at USC. Her critiques are helpful but gentle, and she's immensely respectful of students and their work. The nature of the class requires a lot of participation, but Segal was great at breaking through the initial awkwardness and making people feel comfortable enough to speak up.
5.0 : Very clear about what to do and an excellent teacher who will really make you learn and retain everything!
5.0 : Prof Weiser was fantastic! I took basics of music theory with him and would highly recommend. He's a great teacher, as well as a funny and caring individual - it really seems like he wants everyone to understand and succeed.
5.0 : The sweetest, most fun professor, and a great class
5.0 : Kate is the BEST! She understands students and notices when were feeling tired. She then brings us back by doing some fun streches or games. Class is absolutely Mandatory!!! However she makes it so fun that you'd never want to miss it. She is one of those amazing teachers that you want to be BFF's with. The test is exactly the study guide. Take her
5.0 : TAKE OT 250 so easy and Kate is the absolute best. you will not regret it!!!!!!!!
5.0 : KATE IS BY FAR THE BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD AT USC! SHE REALLY UNDERSTANDS YOU AND WANTS YOU TO DO WELL! HER LAUGH IS CONTAGIOUS AND SHE ALWAYS PUTS ME IN A BETTER MOOD! I REALLY ENJOYED TAKING HER CLASSES! COOLEST TEACHER EVER! SHE IS SO CUTE AND SWEET! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU TAKE ANY OF HER COURSES! FUN COURSE! I LEARNED A LOT! :D
5.0 : Kate is so knowledgeable about OT, and lecture is super interesting because she's so funny and so inspirational. She takes the time to get to know her students and she's really approachable if you have any questions about the field. Tests are EASY, just do and memorize the study guide and you are guaranteed an A. TAKE HER CLASS!
5.0 : This was such an enjoyable course. Compared to other courses that I've taken (that do not require attendence) the seats are filled because students actually want to be there. Once you take this course you might find yourself with a burning passion for OT.
3.0 : This class was very unorganized. Everyone said she was an amazing teacher, but I just did not see it. We had groups and most people in my group did not care about the class. She did not allow us to take notes in class so I could not learn anything. She only really knew who the athletes in the class were.
4.5 : One of the better professors I've had at USC. She's super nice and understanding, but that doesn't mean it's an easy class. You still have to work your butt off if you want an A, but this applies to the freshman writing curriculum in general at USC.
4.5 : Professor Traester is a very kind professor who cares for her students. She is willing to provide as much help as she can to all her students. She gave us thought provoking issues to write about, and her class definitely helped me to improve as a writer.
5.0 : Professor Traester was one of the nicest professors I've had. Always there to help you on your assignments, and is legitimately interested in what you have to say. Definitely made my WRIT 150 experience a lot better than most people!
5.0 : Please take her! Extremely helpful at office hours and conferences. Follow her classes and you will be good. I'm an international student and had terrible writing, now I truly feel I improved.
4.0 : A really nice professor! Very helpful and nice all the time!! Very lenient on grading!!! Recommend to take her writing class!
5.0 : I am so glad I got Mary Traester for my Writing 150 class. She is very nice and will help you with whatever you need. She grades essays rather harshly, but this is the standard among Writing 150 professors. Attendance is necessary for the most part but classes are engaging and enjoyable. I would recommend this professor to anyone.
5.0 : Mary Traester is amazing writ 150 professor. Super nice and sweet and wants everyone to succeed. She is a tough grader not by choice--the USC writing department has a tough writing rubric/ curriculum that she has to follow. The average grade in the class is a B don't expect the class to be an easy A. But, she is an amazing teacher!! Take Her!
5.0 : Professor Treater genuinely cares about the subject and her students. Lectures went by very fast because she made the content fun to learn. This class was hard but she was always available to provide ideas and support if you needed it. She grades hard but is still reasonable.
3.5 : Professor Simpson is awesome! Speaks 17 languages and is very knowledgable in his field. He makes lectures very interesting and the material is also intriguing. I looked forward to going to class and like to pull out random facts I learned in his lectures. Lots of studying needed for tests but As are definitely achievable! Overall great GE 6
4.5 : Not super difficult, try and you should be fine. Study a lot for the tests because there is a lot of material. There's also random pop quizzes that are open note so show up and get easy points
4.0 : Professor Simpson is a very good professor. He knows a lot of languages and is obviously knowledgable. I think the class is really interesting, because it applies to everyday life. The lectures are long, and there are occasional pop quizzes (everyone gets 100%). I recommend taking this class.
5.0 : Simpson is great. This is a great GE take. Very easy to make an A and interesting material. The projects, too, are engaging and stimulating. Simpson is a delight.
3.0 : Final was a joke. Not an easy class as far as tests are concerned
5.0 : Since he speaks so many languages, he intersperses examples from tons of different languages in the lectures to illustrate his points. He also has a good sense of humor. Lots of content (need to know examples for the tests), but not too difficult. Pop quizzes are just to give you points for coming to class. Very interesting and fun class.
5.0 : I took this class for my GE requirement and Prof. Simpson was just awesome. He speaks many languages and his lectures are really interesting. If you show up to the lectures, do the pop quizzes (very easy) and read the course reader it is an easy A. Definitely recommend this course!
5.0 : Great class, lots of work though. Students, make sure you know when your final exam is because he got it wrong on your syllabus and the final study guide :( (he mixed our classes final exam date/time with his other sections).
5.0 : Simpson's lectures are interesting and funny. He is a really nice guy, but your grade depends completely on your TA. The TA's are all pretty cool, but I highly recommend having Alif Silpachai. Get ready to memorize EVERYTHING in the lecture notes for the tests.
4.0 : Very nice and has cool stories, makes lectures fun(attend!). 2 short film commentaries, 2 essays, 9 pop quizzes(super easy), 2 exams, a final, &amp; final project. Tests are hard, u rlly need to study in advance and work for a good grade. TAs hold review sessions-go! Lecture Notes from bookstore are a must-have! Don't need course reader. RECOMMEND!
4.5 : Professor Simpson is a great teacher. He's extremely well qualified, speaking about 15 or 16 languages. The class is an easy A is you show up, take notes, and study for the midterm and final. Participation doesn't count in discussion, and the papers are nothing grueling. I would definitely recommend this course as a GE 6.
3.0 : Do not take this class. Too much reading!!! He is a nice guy though.
4.0 : LOTS OF READINGS. A blog post every week, 3 papers, no finals. He's a great guy, but also tough on grading the papers. Very picky sometimes, but truly interested in the subject. Laptop always breaks, so you don't get your marks back very fast...I didn't know how I was doing in the class because of that.
3.5 : DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Too much work for a G.E with oddly specific exams and a super vague 10-page paper at the end of the term. Weekly reading assignments EVERY week (even weeks with midterms/finals/papers). Absolutely frustrating class--any enlightenment I would have gained is trampled by the overwhelming workload.
4.5 : Professor is extremely passionate about the material he teachers, which makes the class a lot more interesting. He is a hard grader, but not unfairly so. There are a lot of readings and blog posts, but they are not too hard and give you a nice cushion for your grade. Overall a great class, especially if you enjoy science fiction.
4.0 : Brad is a great teacher, but DO NOT take this class unless you are interested in Russian culture. There are extremely long weekly readings that are mandatory and the final 10+ page paper is an ordeal. I learned a lot from Brad (he is very passionate and knowledgeable) but I found myself despising the overwhelming amount of reading for a GE.
5.0 : Really nice and engaging professor. The class had a lot of reading, but most of it was pretty interesting. I also had a chill TA so that made things easier. If you have some interest in Russian culture and history and don't mind reading quite a bit, It's a great GE course and I would definitely recommend it.
5.0 : Engaging, inspirational, and enlightening. Super nice person and a tough grader.
5.0 : Yance is the best writing teacher I have ever had. I show up to his office hours and just talk to him about writing and we have such a good time. He loves what he does, and gives notes that are gold for writing papers. Such a nice guy and would recommend him 1000%.
5.0 : Yance is one of the best professors I have had at USC. He is extremely helpful in office hours. My writing improved leaps and bounds after taking his class. TAKE THIS CLASS. He is engaging, fun, and very knowledgable and willing to help.
5.0 : Professor Wyatt is absolutely one of the best and kindest professors at USC. I actually went to every class that I could, even though it was a writing class. Straight forward yet fun, interactive lectures. Gives great feedback and ensures that you will improve. There isn't enough room for all the praise he deserves, so just take his class and see.
5.0 : He's a really sweet and caring guy, and although he grades pretty tough his feedback is very helpful. Definitely not an easy class, but I'd take it again just to get to look at him twice a week
5.0 : He's so passionate about writing that it rubs off on all the students. I know it's tough when you have to take a mandatory writing class, but Yance makes it feel like you chose to take writing, not forced. He's a tough grader like all the other WRIT professors, but at least his feedback is gold and he's v accessible during office hours.
5.0 : He made my writing 1000x better. Amazing professor that genuinely cares about you. I am definitely going to try to get him as my WRIT340 professor.
5.0 : He is a great professor for writ 150. Is very clear and adds anecdotes to his lectures. Does sometimes go over the end of class to finish his talk but not that big of a deal. Homework mainly is only ancillary tasks, and coursebook reading, Would take the class again, he is very helpful
5.0 : A little hard on grading on papers but there's always time for improvement.
5.0 : Going to office hours are key to success, I learned a lot despite challenging grading. He is an amazing teacher who will work with you to make you a better writer, but expects dedication to do well. One of my favorite professors at USC, want to take him for writing 340
5.0 : As a person who usually abhors writing, he made it much less detestable with unique and often open-ended prompts. Like any writing class, it wasn't easy, but it's definitely possible to improve, especially if you check in with him during office hours. He genuinely cares about you as a person, and not just your essay grade. Difficulty more like 3.5
5.0 : First off, he is beautiful. Seeing him at 8:00 a.m. made the class worth it. Second off, he knows what he is talking about in terms of how to write a good paper. He gives helpful feedback and would stay past office hours to answer questions. He also genuinely cares about you as a person, asking about your interests outside of school.
5.0 : I loved Mr. Wyatt as a professor. Super engaging, enthusiastic(sometimes overenthusiastic), but genuinely a very good person who is always there to care for his students and truly wants them to become better writers. Definitely choose Yance for your 150 professor.
5.0 : Tough grader. 67.5% - 87.5% is a B, so the class is practically designed for mostly B's with a few A's. Prompts can be specific, which limited what I could write about. But he's an awesome guy who genuinely cares about his students. Solid feedback and is available to students. But his teaching style is not for everyone. Still super solid professor.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. While he is a tough grader, he gives great feedback and wants his students to improve. Take Yance for WRIT 150!
5.0 : Very tough class, tough assignments, however I learnt a lot from them and could apply during interviews.
5.0 : He is certainly the best professor I have had in USC.  His assignments and lectures are very helpful. We had to spend a lot of time on the labs and more on the final prj.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC. I learnt a lot in his course.
3.5 : Often, he's not very clear, and it's hard to pay attention in his class. it's always a few days after the lecture that I finally understand the material and it all makes sense. However, he is always there for his students and is very helpful
5.0 : Puts so much importance on practicality and basics. Teaches based on the trend of industry. He is very helpful and very humorous too!
5.0 : Very passionate about the course subjects. Genuinely interested in helping students. The course is difficult, but he makes it easy by catefully explaining all concepts in class and during his plenty of office hours. Strongly recommoend to take the course with Nazarian.
5.0 : +: I found his class the best in the VLSI program. his lectures and office hours helped a lot clearing my doubts. He helped me with interview prep. He is funny :)his unique sense of humor was the bonus.   -: heaviest course ever. if u run out of time Be careful on extra credit labs, May not worth the challenge
5.0 : Took both a and b.  Great material and syllabus . Highly recommend taking them with this professor.
5.0 : Excellent organization and material. Relates to students. Very helpful and caring. He was the reason for a great semester!
5.0 : His level of knowledge, talents and expertise is amazing. He has all the elements a great instructor should have. He is also funny. could make a hilaroius standup comedian :))
5.0 : Loved the project and labs. They were a lot of work, but I learnt a lot from them.
5.0 : The Professor makes sure that all students understand what he teaches in a particular lecture. He is crystal clear in his thought clarity and trains students by asking us questions as would be asked during job interviews. One of the very few professors who cares a lot for his students. Also has a great sense of humour!
4.5 : Great professor! Would take his class again! Subject was difficult but he is always there for his students when we need help
5.0 : He is very caring. Well-respected among students. would go out of his way to help out students.
5.0 : Just perfect!
5.0 : He is a very nice professor that not only helps you with the course but also gives you advice on career. Also he's generous on our grades.
5.0 : One of the best Professors at USC. Very industry oriented and really takes the effort to help each and every student. Course load is high but definitely learnt a lot from the course.
5.0 : Extremly helpful. Goes straight to the subject, and his explanations really make the subject matter easier to understand. However, you'll work a lot, specially on the labs and final project. Be warned!
5.0 : I took Professor Nazarian's EE599 in the summer of 2016. The course was mainly about VLSI system verification. The material of the course is great, covers everything you need to know about verification which includes System Verilog and UVM.  This course greatly helps you with your further interview in the industry.  Take it if you have the chance.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC. A lot of materials are covered in his course. All of the materials are very helpful for job seeking and interviewing. The course load is heavy, but I can learn a lot from the assignments. The professor is very caring and he is willing to communicate with the students.
5.0 : Definitely one of the most popular Professors in the EE department. Enjoyed his class!
5.0 : Excellent industry oriented curriculum. Always eager to help students. Amazing lab assignments.
5.0 : One of the few professors who cares about every student's progress in class. Very friendly and kind!
5.0 : Great professor and person. Very funny and witty. Subject has good material on physical design and relevant lab work. Pop quizzes and early submission of labs fetch extra credit.
5.0 : Taking the Verification of VLSI Systems is one of the best decisions I have made. It's a very good job fetching course and designed inline with industry requirements. Teaches a lot about SystemVerilog and UVM. Labs give insight into core concepts and you even get to interact with industry people through seminars.
5.0 : Very helpful. You will learn a lot about verification and it helps a lot as 70% job profiles are for verification. Also Professor is very approachable and open to discussions. Just keep working and do not worry about grades. One of the best courses at USC.
5.0 : Excellent professor
5.0 : We were taught a lot of things that are needed in the industry. The Professor makes sure you're busy the entire summer as the course is filled with labs, homework and projects. But he guides you through it all and works hard than all of us ! :) Well timed deadlines. His deadlines are close by but he extends them if the whole class is struggling.
5.0 : Covers various aspects of verification. Professor Nazarian took extra effort to make sure every student in class clears the topics. Great communication with students.
5.0 : Even though his labs and projects are really heavy and time consuming, he makes sure students are given enough time to complete them. Don't take this class with more heavy courses. He is probably the only professor in USC who genuinely cares for his students. He's hilarious too. :D Attend all classes to get extra credit. Exam based grading !
5.0 : Professional and passionate. Strong experience and network with industry.
4.5 : Dr. Dappen is avery nice person. He tries to explain all the concepts as best as possible. Always available for students at his office hours. Exams are VERY hard though:( There are only 5 problems(each weights 20%). The problems are very difficult (level 3 difficulty and above). Class is very interesting, but very hard.
5.0 : Professor Dappen is a homie. Favorite teacher so far at USC. The material isn't too hard but it is more difficult than I was lead to believe from other posts here. Three midterms (lowest one is dropped) and a final. Tests are all multiple choice.  Lab is easy. Go to his office hours with your test if you need him to help boost your grade.
4.5 : He is honestly the sweetest professor I've had at USC, I loved taking his class! I had been dreading taking my science GE, but he made the experience so much better. He really likes what he teaches and is always willing to help. Material is not complicated , he drops lowest exam grade and gives good reviews. Would definitely recommend this class.
4.5 : One of my favorite professors I've taken in college. I hate physics, literally hate, but he really related to us that he knows its tough material and while it was difficult class, going to his office hours, and getting to know him have a HUGE payout. I still keep in touch with him today. I also have never "rated" a professor, only for him I would.
3.5 : Seems to be funny and friendly. But if you ask questions, he can go off track without giving  direct answers. :-( But the grading seems easy.
1.0 : He is often inconsistent in the materials. His accent is also hard to understand.
3.5 : He is great because he is accessible to students and is enthusiastic and willing to help. Thats the best when it comes to pre-med classes. He encourages regrades and doesn't penalize you for them. Office hours are helpful.
4.0 : The midterms and final are easy as long as you put the time into doing the homework problems and past exams. Not so clear in lecture, but great during office hours. Very nice guy and will always try to help you succeed in the class. He's also generous on regrades for exams.
5.0 : best professor ever. and i really mean it. he is very easy in terms of exams, and opens  a lot of extra office hours before them. he definitely has great passion towards physics, and to be honest I actually liked his accent! :)  lovely man, lovely jokes, and I'm not a physics major, but I would take the class again!
4.5 : Dappen is the sweetest professor who and is truly passionate about the material. I'm not into physics at all but thought it was interesting just because he was so into it. Gives out homework answers in class but attendance isn't mandatory. Also drops your lowest midterm grade. Great GE3 and Dappen is the best. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5.0 : A friendly, approachable professor who always gives engaging lectures. As an elective, this class offers a great deal of useful stuff, compared to some of the bio core classes that feed you useless crap you are supposed to memorize
3.5 : Dr. Walsh is awesome. He's hilarious and makes material pretty interesting. As a non-science major, I struggled with the tests and the curve wasn't super helpful so i did get a B, but the class is really interesting and Dr. Walsh is very available for helping students.
4.5 : Professor Walsh is hands down the best professor I have ever had at USC.  He goes out of his way to make lectures fun and interesting, I would take this class a million times over if I could.  He is hilarious and gives breaks during lecture. virtually no assignments, greats TAs, and you will know exactly what is coming on the tests.
5.0 : Awesome dude!! Watch his video of him surfing on youtube and talking about how much he loves teaching
5.0 : This has been the best class I've taken at USC. John is super excited and engaging when he teaches. He learns the name of every student in his class and he's super supportive of everyone. He also plays the best music during mid-class intermissions.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had. Very enthusiastic, very friendly, and very capable of teaching interesting but difficult material in a fun and exciting way. Absolutely recommended to anyone, though the TA's grade at different levels of strictness..
4.0 : Walsh is great but the class is pretty difficult. I took it pass/fail and really enjoyed Walsh's lectures because he puts the information in real life context. The class is ridiculously hard though, the exams are pretty unclear, take this pass/fail and enjoy it.
5.0 : Professor Walsh is really caring and just wants all of his students ot be engaged in his lectures. He presents a lot of visual information (videos, pictures, etc.) but also has links to readings on his slides so he has something for everyone to learn from. Though his lectures can seem long, he tries his best to get you to listen and learn.
5.0 : This professor really cares about you as a student. There is over a hundred people in  lectures and he still makes a point to remember your name to show mutual respect. His lectures go by so quickly, they're so enjoyable. The exams are not a cake-walk but if you pay attention you'll do fine. I'm going to miss having him as a professor.
5.0 : Best Professor I've had at USC. Someone who truly cares about his students and the subject matter. Someone who wants everyone to succeed and participate.  Life-changing class and life-changing professor. Highly recommend. Also didn't have to buy any books!!
4.0 : Professor Walsh is very fun. Throughout the semester, he brought in his dog , threw plush brains across the classroom, played music videos every class, showed funny videos, etc. Very enthusiastic and full of energy. He really presents the material in a way that is interesting even if you don't care about science at all (me). Great GE choice!
5.0 : Best teacher I've had a USC so far. He's a passionate surfer and truly cares about his students. Lectures are mandatory if you want the participation grade and tests are hard but the class itself is very enjoyable. 10/10 would take again.
4.5 : Professor Walsh makes class really fun, shows videos and animations almost all the time. He makes sure students engage with the material, but success in the class is largely up to how much time you devote to the material outside of class.
4.0 : Professor Walsh is hilarious. He is excellent at giving real world examples and explaining difficult concepts. I truly enjoyed his class. However, Gero 315 is not an easy A. Unless you have a background in biology, this class will be kind of tough. That being said, I have no background in biology and I did okay. I would take this class again.
5.0 : Professor Walsh is fantastic! He is definitely one of my favorite professors at USC! The class isn't very difficult if you keep up with the content. Be sure to do the lab reports. They make the class an easy A-.
5.0 : Great GE D. Labs were a fraction of the work of a regular Bio class. Walsh's lectures are very engaging and he always is so supportive of students. He went out of his way to meet me just to congratulate me. Grades are based on 8 labs, three midterms, a final, 4 quizzes, and polling questions, all  of which are easy.
4.0 : Online gerontology. This is an easy class with two short papers, 3 social gatherings, weekly blog posts, 1 online midterm (open internet/notes), and 1 final interview/paper. As long as you try reasonably on everything, you should get an A. John and Julia are very nice and helpful and make the class fun and interesting.
5.0 : Dr. Walsh is a great professor and a VERY nice person!!! He is able to explain in the  crystal clear way very difficult concepts. I have learned A LOT in his classes. Highly recommended for pre-med students. He is one of the best professors I have ever had!!!!
5.0 : Dr. Walsh is by far one of my favorite professors at USC. He is extremely caring and knowledgable, and wants all of his students to get A's on the tests. You definitely need to study, but he is very clear about what to expect on the exams. Pay at least a little attention in class and study what he tells you to, and you'll do well!
5.0 : Out of all my 18 years of education, Dr. Walsh is the best teacher I have ever had. He truly enjoys what he teaches and did not fail to personally engage every single student in the class and make it the best time for everyone. I HIGHLY recommend him as a professor!! MUST
5.0 : Professor Walsh only wants his students to learn something valuable that can be applied to real life, so his teachings are interesting. He is really chill and loves to joke around and get to know his students. If you participate in online discussions once a week and go to the few class meetings, you will get an A.
5.0 : Frank has a great knowledge and passion in the subject. He makes lectures fun and knowledgeable. Definitely one of my favorite classes at USC. Choose Eric as TA if you can, he is super helpful and nice. Tests are quite tricky, though. If you're looking for an easy A class, stay away. If you're looking for a fun class, then choose this one.
4.0 : Good lecturer and hilarious guy. You can tell he's passionate. Make sure you go to class because of the TopHat questions and info he doesn't put online for us. Tests are a "challenge," but you really just gotta know the importance of certain things along with what they are. It may be hard to engage, but it won't kill ya. Pretty good class.
4.0 : Frank is good but please have A/B version for tests ok? and please send some TAs to the back ok? do you have any idea how many people cheat during tests. For the sake of fairness, please at least have different versions of tests. i think those who actually study will appreciate that.
3.5 : Participation is important. There's a lot of stuff he talks about in class but doesn't include on the slides he posts on Blackboard. So you gotta take notes in class too. He also takes attendance through Top Hat. Tests are basically pure memorization of everything he says in class, so BBD slides alone aren't enough to study with.
5.0 : Extremely knowledgable and passionate teacher. Really works to engage students on a topic many might find boring. Take him if you need it for GE. Easy A if you take good notes and show up. Everything is lecture based, and he is extremely clear and straightforward with the material.
4.5 : GO TO CLASS. If you don't go to class and if you don't pay attention you will struggle. Nonetheless, interesting class and the TAs were great. Super understanding professor. 2 midterms, 1 final, lab final, presentation, was supposed to be a field trip but canceled. You can get extra credit by participating in JEP.
5.0 : Frank is one of the most down to earth professors at USC. I'm not a geology major but this class definitely peaked my interest in the subject. GO TO CLASS, attendance is mandatory. But overall, he is a total sweetheart who has a deep passion for the subject, and a great sense of humor. The TA's and him were like one big family. Would take again.
5.0 : His lovable lectures were entirely powerpoint-based and not hard, but he sometimes uploaded a redacted version of the slides to the blackboard. And there were quizzes at the beginning of every lecture. Do study the materials of both the lecture and the labs, and you'll do just fine. The TA Max was super nice, by the way. Take him if you can
4.5 : Super easy class if you show up, listen, and take good notes. He gives multiple choice exams that are based entirely on lecture slide. Great teacher! This class actually made me declare a second major in earth science. Take it with him if possible!
5.0 : A must for anyone with any interest in the music industry (artists, you too!). Thought I knew a bit about the business and turns out I had barely scratched the surface. There is so much to be taught and Dr. Young is so knowledgable. If you truly are interested in working with music, you will get over the heavy course load and take this class.
3.5 : Very long lectures. Sort of cocky- hard to like. Extremely rigid office hours because he plays trombone as side job. Unreasonable number of assignments and term paper is terrible. If you don't take notes in class you'll get a zero on the midterm - no other way to study. Looks like peter griffin.  Course does help in practical knowledge of industry.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had. The material can be dry sometimes but he makes it interesting and puts it in context well. He's super knowledgeable, had a lot of experience in the industry, and it shows. I'm trying to take a class from him next semester, mostly just because he's teaching it.  If you care about music, take this class.
3.0 : 2 midterms - one was 2 weeks before cumulative final exam 1 term paper (10 pages) 3 essays (3-5 pages) - due on last day of class, one week before final exam 10 online responses throughout semester which require reading Cumulative final   This was the most boring, work-overloaded class I have ever taken.  Paul doesn't know when to stop.
5.0 : The music industry is a dynamic business, and Professor Young accounts for industry news by assigning graded discussion questions throughout the semester. This class is by no means easy, so do not take it looking for an easy A. Professor Young expertly combines inside knowledge with academia to create a comprehensive course.
4.5 : Paul is one of the best professors I've had at SC. His lectures can be long, but he does his best to make each one lively and always takes some jabs at the industry. The 2 midterms are a piece of cake. Just take notes, do the study guide and you should get an A in the class. Go to his office hours, too. He's always got something interesting to say.
3.5 : It's unfortunate that Paul is the instructor for two required courses for the minor. The amount of work he gives is ridiculously unreflective of how much is actually required to make the course effective. 2 midterms, 9 graded responses, 3 essays, 1 term paper, 1 cumulative final exam. That's like 2 courses in one. Please learn how to balance Paul.
5.0 : Paul Young exemplifies the very best this school has to offer. People who complain about his exams and exercises clearly don't understand how college courses work... Paul's Music Media Solutions course was insanely helpful, and valuable. There are few people I've met in my life who balance professional brilliance and academic passion like he does.
4.5 : What an incredible professor and all around guy. Never gotten more out of a class at USC than both the ones I've taken with him. PY is so knowledgeable about the industry and gives you the most valuable learning experience. Hands down the best prof. and really cares about the success of his students. You'll be lucky to take one of his classes!!
5.0 : I've never met a more dedicated professor at USC than Paul Young. He earnestly cares about his students getting a valuable experience from his classes, and provides a solid foundation setting every MUIN major up for success. Actively participate and you will get a comprehensive understanding of the business and feel empowered to start your career.
5.0 : Professor Young is an incredible instructor! His lectures will teach you so much about the music business, but most importantly, he makes you excited to learn!  If you make the most of his classes, and really take advantage of all PY has to share, you will leave his class feeling inspired every day and with a new perspective on the music industry.
5.0 : This is literally the hardest class I have ever taken in my life (seriously beware), but Paul Young is such a fantastic person and professor. He cares so deeply about his students and is so accommodating. GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS! He will sit with you and work through every issue you have with papers/tests/concepts for hours. Take a class with him.
5.0 : Great and interesting professor, learned a ton too.  Not difficult either, so long as you can set aside about 2 nights to study before the infrequent exams.
4.0 : You need to do the discussions, online quizzes, and show up everyday. If you do that and take notes, you should be fine.
5.0 : This class is a lot of work--2 midterms, 1 big paper, 2-3 mini essays, and biweekly discussions--but it's one of the most valuable courses in the Music department. Go to class, work hard and you should get an A.  The challenge of this class comes from the amount of work, not the degree of difficulty. You'll learn a ton about the music industry.
5.0 : Amazing professor, will certainly grow your interest of the music industry.  His lectures were incredibly informative and you will feel very fortunate to be in his class because he has so much knowledge to offer and you will absorb more of it than you could ever imagine, if you put in the work. It's a hard class, but well worth it.
1.0 : Recycled significant quantity of material and cases from core MBA classes. Lectures were disorganized and confusing.
5.0 : Dr. Dukes is a great professor. His class was just wonderful and represents one of many transforming experiences I had this past term. I was once afraid of what people might say about me. I now have the courage to stand on my own and face the world even though I am looking up at it with my back to the ground.  Thanks, Dr. Dukes!  You are golden.
4.0 : took Language, Race and Identity in US. im not a great writer but did well in the class. she cares more about content. all the essays are very easy and class is interesting and sometimes discuss controversial topics. i actually enjoyed participating. Also she is easily reachible by email. highly suggest.
4.5 : Prof Benor is a great professor who isn't here to make your GE experience hell. Her class is very reasonable, but you still need to participate and attend regularly. She is also a pretty easy grader when it comes to essays. Do the work and you'll get an A. I don't like linguistics at all, but her class was pretty interesting!
2.0 : Never been so bored in a class. this is supposed to be an easy A but she has a certain format that she likes and if you don't meet it then she will take off many points at once. She gives attitude to students. there are plenty of better GESMs out there but if you have to take it its not unbearable just annoying. take this if you're a good writer
5.0 : lots of papers. incredibly helpful during office hours and wants you to do well. never used the textbook and still did well in the class. class sometimes seems pointless because it's so broad but it's a good intro to public policy. there's also an informational interview you need to conduct with a person in your chosen profession.
5.0 : Danielle is so much fun. Really connects with students and we do fun activities every class including walking in the rose garden, ultimate frisbee, and circuit training. Definitely take this class. It's an easy A. Just a few worksheets, a midterm that is a piece of cake, and a chill group presentation.
4.5 : Easley is a great teacher. In Pipelines, you learn how to make low-poly models for games. The work isn't easy, but the grading is easy. Oftentimes you'll be harder on yourself than he will be.
4.0 : Good.
5.0 : Best prof. I've had at USC so far. He is really knowledgeable and gives amazing lectures. He gives students insights into the gaming industry. As long as you spend about 4 hours on each of your models, this is an EASY A. Highly recommend this professor &amp; class, it's been a great experience for me.
5.0 : Marcel is an amazing professor and gives really great feedback on films. He is not one of those teachers that will rip your work apart. He praises you when something is commendable and helps you to find ways to improve your work and your style as a filmmaker. He is super approachable and was great help outside of class for advice on other films.
5.0 : He is a very easy grader. This is the type of class that you can slack in if you want, choose not to do the reading if you want. He lets you resubmit essays if you're unsatisfied with your grade, but I got A+s on 4/6 writing assignments so never did. He lets students lead the discussions and there are no quizzes. Very understanding, and nice guy.
3.0 : Constantly late. Unstructured, rambling class discussions. Didn't learn much. Cool style though, he has great earrings, a silver nose ring, and numerous tattoos. If you are seriously interested in English literature, I would recommend you take this class with a different professor.
5.0 : Michael Du Plessis is one of the sweetest men and best professor I've ever had. He is so funny and is a brilliant man. He is quiet and kind, and if you are willing to learn, he is truly a resource. He makes his courses interesting, and I found myself going into his office hours every week looking for stimulating conversation. Best man I've met here
2.0 : Michael's tattoos and aesthetic choices are interesting, unlike his lectures and his input. He's not open to other interpretations/perspectives so if independent thought and/or academic exploration are important to you pick a different class. Often late, always unorganized. Misses class because of his ill cats. A spectacular disappointment.
2.5 : VERY rude and not open to other views. His class was an extreme struggle for me and he constantly put me down and made me feel stupid. Ironically, I got an A... I don't get it.
5.0 : So entertaining. A good amount of reading, but the texts were all very interesting (including a graphic novel and a comic strip) so it was easy to keep up. Incredibly easy grader as well. Best GE I've taken thus far at SC.
5.0 : The professor is unbelievably generous with his time.  He really helps you with your essays.  Although there were a few students in the class who were very rude to the professor, he managed them very well.  You cannot go the USC and miss taking a class from him.
1.0 : He is sick all time and he doesn't follow the syllabus schedule. The syllabus is such a joke. There are supposed to be 10 time interpretive time responses quizzes, but we ended up finishing 5 of 10. The grade worths 20 percent, and each quiz worth 5% instead of 2% (he drops the lowest quiz, but student's grades will be affected by his decision.
2.5 : didn't really clear up any questions we had with 213a, so the class only goes downhill from there. He grades easily on tests and projects though. He curved the class for the final grade.
4.5 : Such a great human! Super helpful and a really swell guy!
5.0 : Fantastic professor! Very passionate, fun to talk to and interested in his material. His lectures can be a little boring but overall an awesome experience and a very beneficial class. Also an easy A so there's really no reason not to take it.
5.0 : Great professor. You'll learn a lot in his class about what's currently going on in sports. Show up to class.  You need his handouts.  ESPECIALLY BEFORE EXAMS. Write down everything he says. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : he is the best teacher (especially science teacher) i've ever had at USC. Super clear with what he expects. he tells you what's going to be on the test. he hands out structured notes for you to add to. I wish he taught more classes. As long as you go to class and study what he tells you to, you will get at least a B but most likely an A.
5.0 : AMAZING. Truly cared about his students and the perspectives they shared. Although he tends to go on tangents sometimes, they're not at all boring. Definitely one of my favorite classes that I've taken so far.
5.0 : Prof. St John is just the best. From the first class, he makes it clear that he genuinely values his students and their unique perspectives on literature and life. Every conversation he led was thought-provoking and inspirational. You will leave with a greater understanding of poetry and LIFE. Easy As all over, always with encouraging feedback.
5.0 : Hands down the best English professor I've ever had (not to mention an amazing poet himself). Takes the time to get to know each student, has some of the most compelling arguments and ideas I've ever heard in a classroom, and keeps you on the edge of your seat for the entire class.
5.0 : Amazing man with great insight on life and literature. You're guaranteed an A by having to do very little work. Loves communicating his own and also hearing about other perspectives. Trying to look for excuses to have him as a professor once more.
5.0 : Such a great teacher. His class was fun and interesting. He tends to go off on tangents and talk about barely related but still insanely interesting things. He's the head of the English department and an acclaimed poet, so he knows what he's talking about. He changed the syllabus when he felt we needed more time and hands out As like candy.
5.0 : Easily the best class in the IR department. This class will change your perspective and give you insight like no other. Godinez is awesome, helpful and fair. It's not a free A but putting in an effort is extremely rewarding. You will learn A TON.
5.0 : Unequivocally, the best international relations course at USC. Includes mandatory attendance, "cold calls," and understanding of previously mentioned concepts. Needless to say, come prepared. Encourages discussion, debate, critical analysis, etc. Don't be afraid to see her during office hours. If you have the opportunity, take Professor Godinez!
5.0 : Even if you are not majoring in IR, TAKE THIS CLASS. She covers a very intriguing topic in this class, which is intelligence. On top of that, she teaches you how to think critically through analytical frameworks that I found very useful and applicable in my other courses. Highly recommended!
4.5 : Super smokin'--and just as smart as she is hot. I learned a lot in this class. It was required and I wasn't interested in theory, but she made it interesting and fun. I would definitely take her again if I had to take a crit studies class.
5.0 : SMOKING HOT. Love the accent. Made critical studies interesting for me (usually not my thing because of being a production student), and I would take her again.
4.5 : I'm going to miss Mr. Strauss so much! He is by far one of my favorite professors at USC, and one of the best econ professors here. He's extremely approachable and genuinely wants to know his students, I highly recommend going to lunch with him! This class is interesting and though it's not a walk in the park, he makes doesn't make it bad.
5.0 : First class in 4 years I have willingly gone to and was sad to miss. Prof Strauss is the best professor I've ever had and this was by far the most interesting econ class. He knows what he's talking about because he has studied the stuff himself. You have to go to class as the tests are largely based off class notes but there are readings too.
5.0 : I will genuinely miss this class. Professor Strauss is incredibly knowledgeable about the microeconomic aspects of development economics, and it was a pleasure to learn from him. He's incredibly approachable, and is genuinely interested in his students. This is by far the best economics course I've taken. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Dr. Wilkie is so cool!!!!! I have learned a lot in this class. Exams are not really hard. This class is more about listening and thinking about some socio-economic issues rather than memorizing and studying at home. Class topics included: Game Theory, Gerrymandering, Top 1% income, Welfare, etc.  Attendance and reading are not mandatory!
5.0 : Best teacher ever! I have never improved in writing as much as I did under his tutelage. He was very engaging, writes a page of critique for every page you write and really cares about your writing. Definite suggestion for any option you have to take him. He's amazing, no joke
5.0 : Best class I've had at USC. Completely changed the way I think about life. Take his class if you can!
5.0 : Professor Chisum is my favorite professor I've had so far at SC. Writing 150 can be hit or miss, but he made the class fun and interesting. Not easy by any means, but the discussions he leads and the exercises he provides will make you a much better writer. If you put in the time and effort, you will get the grade you want.
4.0 : Dr. Chisum is a great professor. WRIT150 is always a difficult class, but he made it interesting and manageable. Like all WRIT150 professors, he's a difficult grader, but you can expect your grade to go up with each essay. You have to set up a meeting time with him before turning in every essay, and he does provide helpful feedback during.
1.0 : He's entertaining in class, but he doesn't help students very much. Once you've finished and turned in the essay, he gives a decent amount of kinda vague feedback, but when you're in the process he won't help much. Nice person, not a great teacher, though.
5.0 : Chisum was an excellent choice for 150! If you come prepared to your writing conferences with him and put the time in you will see results. Chisum is a tough grader, but he does give very good feedback so you know where to improve. He also offers essay rewrites, something most professors do not do. Participate in class to get on his good side!
2.5 : While he does provide good feedback, I feel like a lot of the issues in my papers could have been addressed when I had him read over parts of my essay in office hours.  He can also come off as a bit narrow-minded, so if he doesn't like your topic you probably won't do as well.  Not necessarily super helpful, but an interesting person to talk to.
1.5 : If you are looking to be a published writer, this class is for you. If not, do NOT take this class - It will be a waste of your time. There are many extra, unnecessary assignments that were distracting to your actual papers. He is not clear on how he grades as well as directions for assignments.
1.0 : Gives you vague feedback; doesn't help you at all during office hours; if he likes your topic you're set with an A but if he doesn't, prepare to get a C or lower.
5.0 : Great class!
4.5 : Dr. C is such a nice guy. He has a lot of students but when I see him he always addresses me by name, stops to say hello, and asks how my studies are going. His class was fun; he's a very insightful person and interesting to talk to. His passion for writing and appreciation of literature are very apparent as soon as he opens his mouth. He's great.
1.5 : If you're planning to take this class to clear your reqs, you should not take his class. If you love writing and want to improve as a writer, go ahead, but you should expect Bs and Cs on all of your papers.
3.5 : Brecher teaches with the Socratic method so he will never make the answers obvious, but if you attend class and PAY ATTENTION, plus read everything he tells you to, you'll soon figure out what to do. He'll encourage you to come to his office hours, and you absolutely should (multiple times). Must-take for pre-law students.
4.0 : Good professor overall. Be careful who your TA is, if you have a good TA in this class, you'll do well. Glance through the readings and take notes for each lecture, you'll be fine.
4.0 : Prof. Vallejo is an amazing lecturer. She engages the students and makes the topic really interesting. She's very passionate about this subject, so that's something to look out for. It's definitely heavy on the reading, and if you do it, you'll retain the material a lot better. Overall, I think everyone should take this GE.
2.0 : She is an okay professor but never helps  since I have never seen her at the office hour. Though she is saying she is not skewed she is. Tons of reading to prepare and essays to write. It is an interesting topic but I definitely recommend you to take another GE6.
3.0 : Honestly, the class is not rocket science. As people have mentioned she does present a very skewed look on immigration. There is a final project that is kinda annoying and a lot of reading as well as an in class midterm and take home final.  I am not sure I would take this class again.
4.0 : Super nice professor but her class is incredibly hard. The readings are very important.
4.0 : Material, Readings, and Midterm were easier than most. The kicker was the lengthy take home final (10 pages for us). Puts a heavy emphasis on class participation and patrols the lecture hall for people not taking notesfacebook. If you're serious about this subject, probably a good class, but I wouldn't take her again. Note: is a greek life shamer
3.0 : Minimal power points that do not give you word-by-word definitions of terms. Makes it pretty difficult to study for the midterm. There is a reading due each class which you end up using for the 14 PAGE TAKE HOME FINAL. Assignments are graded out of small amounts which makes any small error detrimental. 1 midterm, response paper &amp; take home final.
3.5 : Extremely easy class. Barely did any of the reading and probably missed half of the lectures &amp; all of the pop quizzes1% each) Still ended up with an a-. All you need to do is to pay attention in your discussion sessions as your TA will revisit every single important concept you need to know. My TA was hot too so that helps...
2.0 : The class is good, the professor is qualified, but she often uses her power in the classroom to be rude to students and appears very arrogant, like she is trying to prove something.  Like I said, the class is good, but if you want a relaxed environment and an approachable teacher (oops. professor.  Yelled at a student once for that) look elsewhere.
3.0 : The best part of Taplin is that he is SO passionate and really wants to help us help the world. It is also cool that he such a cool background, travelled with b. dylan and produced scorsese's mean streets, so LOTS of cool experiences that he openly shares! Barely any hw, no little quizzes, just a project and two essay for the entire class.
4.0 : Very knowledgable about the entertainment industry. Only assignments are a consulting type group project on an aspect of the entertainmenttech industry and 2 4 page essays for the midterm and final. Guest lecturers like T-Bone Burnett are brought in to talk. Taplin even shows his movies that he produced and stuff which is super cool.
4.0 : good dude. teaches english at valley now.
3.0 : Her lecture put me to sleep and it was hard to follow. She only has one page PPT and her class was more discussion based. Even if you do pay attention you may not know what is important and what is not, since she just writes whatever on the board. However, she is very sweet lady and caring. If you are into Sociology you should be fine.
4.5 : Nice professor, really easy class. The topic was sociology and health which was great as someone interested in medicine. Could get dry at times but was interesting for the most part. This was a class offered for the first time last semester and her portion was pretty chill. Weekly 1 page papers (very easy) and 1 paper which wasn't bad either.
5.0 : Participation matters. Readings matter. It's a real class. But you'll leave with real knowledge and understanding of the subject. She gets an A+ from me.
3.5 : Her class was pretty easy, just read a lot and then write a one page essay on it. Really straight forward. She did make you sign in each day so you have to go to class and lectures can drag on sometimes. I would take her again.
5.0 : SOCI 242 is not the easiest class in the world. The material is not hard; but there is a lot of writing in the class (CDP project is awful). I loved Sternheimer! She is really sweet and truly cares about her students. I liked her lectures more than Casper's. TAs do all the grading so be on their good side.
5.0 : She is honestly one of the kindest professors I've ever had. She makes every effort to meet with you when you want to and asks thought-provoking questions to further your papers. I thought writing 150 was a difficult class in general, but I think that's the course restrictions, not her. Heard she grades easier than the other writ150 professors.
5.0 : Prof Durst is definitely amazing! She's always there for you and office hour is really helpful. You do need to put effort into this class and show her that you are trying to improve your writing. Follow her advice and you will get a better and better grade on each paper. If you really want to learn how to write, more than a good grade, take her.
5.0 : I loved this class.  And I hate writing.  Every time I talked to her she would just ask me questions to make me think about my topic in a totally different way and it was just so cool.
5.0 : Super great professor! She is really brilliant and just wants everyone to succeed; however, she is a tough grader, but at worst you'll get a C with some effort. Grades on papers typically range from C through B+. Only about 1 or 2 A's were given in a class of 16. In the end, I do believe she has made me a better writer. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Prof. Durst is a hands down professor. Her office hours are so useful as she will often try to make you think about this topic in a totally different direction. Would surely recommend!
5.0 : Best professor in Writing class.
5.0 : The lectures are well-organized and he cares a lot about the students. Tests are kind of hard, but if you go to lectures, you should be in good shape. Strongly recommend to take his class.
5.0 : Such an awesome professor.
5.0 : take this GESM. great guy, interesting readings, a manageable amount of work. Arensmeyer wants everyone to do well, and provides all you need to succeed
5.0 : Really improved my german abilities. Tests are the same over and over again so just get used to them. A pretty great guy. Even took us out to dinner.
5.0 : He apologetically assigns 10 one page papers throughout the semester as is demanded by the USC GESM program. There is a lot of reading for this class but about  80% of it is very interesting. There were points where it was obvious a majority of the class hadn't done the reading. He took it upon himself to summarize and promote discussion.
5.0 : JJ threw me and my writing into a pit of fire. Then he took my hand, raised me up, and rebuilt my writing style into something I could understand. This guy makes writing like a science, which resonates with the focus of this course: writing in the health sciences. Forget the grade you'll get. Your life will change forever.
5.0 : CHOOSE YOUR UW OFF OF THE PROFESSOR, NOT THE TOPIC. He truly makes you become a better writer &amp; you leave every class feeling like your writing skills have improved. Caring and fun, he makes the class enjoyable and give lots of one-on-one feedback to make sure you're succeeding. He'll even edit your paper before it's due. DEFINITELY TAKE HIS CLASS
5.0 : JJ was is a really nice guy and made a tough class bearable. Enjoyed talking to him during conferences and appreciated that he was always willing to work with me/my writing. Made his lectures fun and lively and overall a great guy.
5.0 : JJ has been one of my favorite professors during my four years here at USC. JJ makes a tough class interesting and engaging during every session. I've never had a professor that seems to care as much about his students and put in the same amount of energy. I would highly suggest him as a teacher!
4.0 : His expectations aren't clear until you get your first paper back. He is funny and nice but wants to read something that is smooth , convincing, and resonating. Your writing will improve tremendously with him if you take his comments into consideration and make use of his handouts. I recommend him.
5.0 : What can I say, he's a great guy and a fantastic professor.
1.5 : So much miscommunication about homework, requirements, syllabus, etc. he has a very complicated style of conducting assignments and when explained in French pretty much the entire class was left confused and didn't know how to follow his syllabus. Hate this class!
4.5 : Great professor, great guy, very knowledgeable.  Grades fairly, but if your French is not already very good, it is going to be almost impossible to make an A in this class.  Overall I would absolutely recommend.
5.0 : Very approachable and willing to help. Not the easiest grader, but the class was enjoyable and rewarding nonetheless.
4.5 : Literally like my favorite professor and personality at USC!
4.5 : He makes us laugh at 8am which is tough to do.  He's really smart and if you do the work he'll make you a better director and actor.
3.5 : He's really nice and approachable but goes off on tangents all the time. You can leave early if you finish early. Projects are fun and simple. You'll get an A if you follow the syllabus and talk during critique.
5.0 : Such an awesome guy. Some say he goes off on tangents, but really they're just super interesting and funny stories of his crazy life.  Invests in his students as individuals,  and not just their work. Must take this class with him.
5.0 : He's super nice, really cares about the people in his class. He does go off on tangents a lot, and they can get really long, but its not that bad. Projects are simple, you learn a lot of skills like carpentry and balancing things. Projects get less and less structured as you go. As long as you do the idea sketchbook and talk during crit u get an A
4.0 : Jud is really nice and very willing to help when you ask. Everyone bs in this class and he still somehow finds something to say about ur work during critiques. you can leave early if you're "done." He diverges from what we're talking about ALL the time and it can get boring but his class is easy, and this is coming from someone who hates sculpture.
5.0 : Amazing, amazing, amazing. Very straightforward, lots of examples, realistic workload. High averages on exams, extremely nice and obviously intelligent. Definitely a great class for engineers who don't want to worry about the proofs and math fluff.
5.0 : Professor Sakai was very clear and articulated the subject matter well. Calculus is a difficult subject, so it's not going to be a walk in the park, but he made it manageable. He is a great guy and well-respected among the students. Would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Tak is a very good professor and a funny, approachable guy all around. He has a pretty thick Japanese accent but he's actually very easy to understand. Explains concepts very clearly and the tests are pretty much exactly like the homework. 10/10
4.5 : Great guy, but the curve sucks. So you need to do well on each exam.
5.0 : Took Sakai for a second class as he was even better! Lectures are very helpful and the homework and quizes help you prepare for the exams. Will make you work for it, but will be a great experience.
5.0 : I LOVE SAKAI. Favorite professor at USC so far. He is funny, super nice, helpful, as well as adorable with his daily plaid outfits (yes, he wears plaid every day...it's endearing ok). He made math 245 incredibly interesting and comprehensible. 11/10 would recommend!!! So sad that this will be my last math class required for my major!
5.0 : Sakai is a nice and funny guy, as well as a clear and organized lecturer. I frequently attended his office hours when I needed help with homework and would often end up chatting with him. It's a straightforward class taught by a straightforward guy, wherein your effort is very proportional to the grade you come out wih.
5.0 : one of the friendliess professors in usc and def very clear during lectures. Only half way through the semester and he has become my favorite professor. Also very helpful when u ask questions. Homework requires time but def helps.
5.0 : Go to lectures and work out homework by yourself and you will do great in the class. Professor Sakai explains everything very clearly and class is relaxed + funny.
4.0 : Prof Sakai is a really great teacher overall. His lectures not amazingly helpful, especially if you don't know the material a little bit beforehand. I would recommend reviewing sections before he teaches them because he goes through material at a quick pace. Allows a lot of drops for hw and quizzes which helps. Definitely take him if you can.
5.0 : Great teacher and makes long lectures on Calc III interesting, tests were hard and no curve but he curves at the end of the year depending on how the class did.
5.0 : Sakai is the BEST professor I had at USC. Although he has a Japanese accent he is very easy to understand and hilarious. I have never had a teacher that could explain all the concepts in a clearer way. Expect homework but compared with other sections of this course he gives much less. I am definitely taking his section for another math course.
5.0 : Really nice, a good teacher, and wants his students to do well, make sure to do the homework so you don't fall behind with the material
5.0 : Always there to help. Willing to listen to students. Makes hw's less horrible so that students can finish it fast while understanding material. Just simply awesome. You will become matlab master once you've finished the course.
5.0 : Best professor Ive ever had. His lectures are easy to follow and he is very passionate about the subject! Incredibly smart and truly amazing.
5.0 : One of my most memorable professors at USC.  She was inspiring.
2.0 : Thought she was good until I learned she lied about having a PhD. Don't know what to say about that.
5.0 : Project was long and challenging, but the Professor is incredibly nice. He finds different ways to actually improve your grades. Would definitely take again.
3.5 : Lectures are pretty long and boring, you can get away with just showing up in case there is a pop quiz. The book is very good and can teach you any material you need to know. The one group project is frustrating, although not too bad considering its worth so much of your grade. Class doesn't have much to do with engineering.
5.0 : Professor Kreidler is super helpful and really cares about his students. There are a few pop quizzes throughout the semester but they are very doable as long as you go to class. One of my favorite classes at USC and would definitely recommend taking it!
5.0 : ISE-515 (Project Management) under Professor Kreidler was one of the best courses I took during grad school at USC. The course was highly interactive and was heavily focused on a group project. The professor encouraged questions a lot during lectures and would call people out for non participation. We also got hands on experience using MS Project.
1.0 : He said he is a businessman but he is really impolite. Just throwed my exam paper to me.   His class is very boring like a high school class. Dont take his class!!
2.0 : - Pop quizzes when you least expect them (are not always in the beginning of class, might be in the middle) - Lectures are painfully long and boring -  Participation is posting q&amp;a's on the discussion board which is easy - Project is very unclear so make sure you work on it as soon as possible and annoy the ta's with questions
5.0 : ISE 460 with Professor Kreidler was a good experience. I learned basic Engineering Economy concepts that I have used when communicating with non-engineers during summer jobs.
5.0 : Interesting class with interesting material. The final project is challenging because he wants us to learn from it and apply all concepts learned in class.
5.0 : Great lecturer and excellent mentor. I transferred and had a hard time adapting to school. He helped me adapt to USC very well and became a great mentor during the semester. Very good and inspirational on personal conversations.
5.0 : Great class. Great person.
5.0 : Awesome lecturer, he makes good jokes in class.
5.0 : Great mentor. You need to talk to him outside of class.
5.0 : Awesome lecturer
5.0 : take ISE 460 with him
5.0 : I would take class with him again
5.0 : good mentor
5.0 : take class with him
5.0 : interesting class
2.5 : He wasn't the absolute best professor, but he's definitely not as bad as the comment before me made him sound. Participation is literally just asking and answering questions on the website, which isn't that bad. I only commented about 10 times this semester, and it seems like my grade actually improved. Group project could use some more clarity
5.0 : Professor Kreidler is very experienced with practical industry and really inspired me during Engineering Economy class. I tried my best and he gave fair grades based on students' participation in class, homework, group project and exams. It's definitely not an easy class, and definitely very useful.
3.5 : Stacy is hands down one of the best professors I've had at Marshall. However, it is best to be weary even if she loves you she won't hesitate to fail you. She is so inspirational, but sets the bar so high. Though there was so much work involved, I don't regret taking this class at all.
4.0 : Final is worth a third of your grade which allows Stacy to basically pick what grade she wants students to have. She is very strong willed and loves to brag about herself. However the class does encourage students to form bonds with their classmates
5.0 : Phenomenal class.  You only have to read for the pop quizzes.  You're able to work with one group for more than half the semester.  It's an easy A if you show up, read, and try your best.  Geck is always available to help out, whether with class or recruitment questions.  Highly recommend.
1.0 : Stacy is a very impersonal professor. She does require a lot of work (most of which can be considered busy work) and is an extremely tough grader on presentations. You have to be a born professional public speaker to get an A in this class. Instead of helping students become better speakers, she just expects you to just be one. Wouldn't recommend.
5.0 : Stacy was one of the best professors I've ever had because she genuinely cares about her students outside of the classroom outside of just the course itself- so helpful for career/etc. advice. The course is tough because of the amount of work you have to put in, but rewarding since you learn things you'll actually need for the real world. Def take!
3.5 : Geck is a very nice and warm professor who will help you out. Getting an A is nearly impossible because of how she grades and the Marshall curve. Lots of presentations, most of the grade is dependent on how you present with your group and only one midterm. The whole class is graded very hard and thus almost everyone ends up with a B.
1.5 : Horrible professor , but good actress, she keeps acting like that she is a nice person, in fact she is really mean! Stay away from her. Everyone keeps saying she is really nice, because she is really good at acting.
5.0 : Professor G, is the best professor I've ever had.  You should plan your schedule around her class because this is that one professor everyone talks about that makes you regret choosing someone else.  Professor Geck is so easy to talk to comfortably that I could address her as Professor G and she'll respond in the same friendly manner.
4.5 : She cares a great deal.  Sometimes too much to make tough decisions.
3.0 : If you are not good at presenting, don't take this class. I had trouble but I have more trouble now. She's too hard at grading and her presentations are too structured which makes it difficult to present. She has favorites and if you are not already outgoing, I don't recommend her. She is really nice and will help you but makes it difficult.
5.0 : The one thing that people should know about Professor Geck's 302 class is that it stimulates, challenges and enriches you in ways you didn't think possible. The fact that she is so dedicated and passionate makes you want to put in your best effort despite how difficult it is to get a good grade.
3.5 : Most inconsistent professor I've ever had. Do NOT take this class. If you're already familiar with the recruitment process, her class is redundant. If you already took marketing, her class is redundant. Professors should be there to help students, but Stacy only abides by favoritism. Do yourself and favor and find another professor.
5.0 : My communication skills grew more than I expected from only one semester with her.
4.5 : By far my favorite prof at USC. I heard students describe other 302s &amp; how they hated them, due to the content that was covered. Stacy teaches material not included in other sessions which was helpful in both personal/professional life. This class has been such a personal growing experience for me, I wish I could learn more from her. sad it's over!
5.0 : Professor Geck is by far the best professor I've ever had. She teaches such valuable content that you will use for the rest of your career, and she truly cares about the success of her students. Expect frustrating group projects (you need a good team to succeed) and very hard grading. But overall, if you want to learn something - take Geck!
2.0 : For a class that is designed to help and ready you for recruitment, it is ironic that I had to withdraw from this class, taking a W on my transcript, to attend a hard-won finance super day. You may want to reconsider taking this class and professor during senior year if you are still recruiting.
5.0 : Truly cares about her students.  To those of you whining about her class being hard, wait until you get to the real world.  You're better off with a hard grader who pushes you to learn than an easy A.
5.0 : She is seriously AWESOME! she cares so much about her students and is always will be there for you. I recommend wholeheartedly that you take her class. She is one of those professors you will always want in your life. You also learn a lot. I am currently in her class and love her and the class!
5.0 : Best professor I have had at USC. She really cares about her students, very accessible. Almost impossible to get an A in her class but you learn so much from her. Don't take this class if you just want an A, take it if you actually want to learn something about yourself and about communications.
5.0 : Stacy may seem tougher than other 302 professors because there are objectively more assignments, but you will get so much out of this class it is totally worth it. She will get you ready for the job application and recruitment process, make you a more comfortable public speaker, and give you the tools to succeed in the workplace. You wont regret it
5.0 : Very friendly, genuinely cares about students success. Offers resume/interview help while you are her student and beyond. Does have a lot of presentations. Grades fair but is tough and honest about where your skills are from a professional perspective. Genuinely feel that I became a better speaker. Standard Marshall grading, A's are hard B's are ez
1.5 : Awful, awful class. She's one of those professors who's completely obsessed with herself, and she plays favorites to the students who stoke that ego. She doesn't actually teach anything about effective communication beyond common sense; instead, she spends literally half the semester preaching the wonders of the MBTI test. It's basically her bible.
4.0 : Her class was great! I loved going to class and was NEVER bored. She is a tough grader, but just literally do everything that's on the syllabus, and you're fine. I got an A, but I had to work for it. She is very helpful and gives great career advice!
4.0 : Stacy is the best professor I've had at USC. If you want to get your dream job, this class is a must. She will challenge you but you will definitely walk away with more confidence.  Follow the syllabus she gives at the beginning of the class and you will do fine.
1.0 : For a class that is supposed to be based on career advancement, Stacy does not really prepare you for any real experience outside of the classroom. Instead, she uses MBTI tests as a crutch for the lack of a truly interesting curriculum. Moreover, she assigns multiple homeworks for each class and refuses to compromise on grading. Don't take her.
5.0 : AHHHHHH words can not even describe how amazing this woman is! Only art can-- which thankfully she instructs. Loved every second with China. You will learn a lot about design from her. She has impacted my fundamental ideas upon design in such positive ways that I can't thank her enough. She is my design mom.
5.0 : China's lovely but she tends to grade harder now :(
5.0 : China is lovely but she tends to grade harder now :(
5.0 : On top of being an astounding teacher, she is just the nicest.  She's one of those teachers that makes you understand why you're doing what you're doing, and she honestly just wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Great Professor who knows a lot. Very happy to give feedback and helpful suggestions to students.
3.5 : Love him, great professor, very nice but its just that subject tough. Overall he is so much better than travis! He's like a dad, will definitely listen to student's difficulties and give advices
3.5 : Dr. Jung is a great man! He is really nice and wants to see you succeed but will also make you work your butt off. Great professor and quite engaging and funny.
4.5 : Kyung is eager to help and so nice in office hours. Definitely one of the most approachable professors I had at USC. The course is hard--as expected--but he gives you tons of resources and opportunities to do well in the course.
5.0 : Dr. Jung is the best professor I have had at USC.  He stays for HOURS to meet students in his office and he is an expert at diagnosing mistakes in your thought process.  Make sure you look at his slides  notes (all of it matters) and take his practice exams seriously.  If you do both of those, I can't see how you don't get at least a B.
5.0 : He's funny. Awesome guy. One of the most caring professors I've had at USC. Makes himself extremely available and approachable to help students. Straight-forward. Your grade will be a direct reflection of how much time you put into his class. Wish he taught 322b too. My only regret is not going to office hrs more often. He's a valuable resource.
4.0 : Dr. Kyung's less than socially acceptable antics and speech make him a little crazy. But he brings a level of clarity to organic chemistry  that few other professors can match. He is very methodical (although slides are a mess) and good memory skills will be of benefit. Exams are doable. Office hours are suggested. Grades reflect scores and effort.
5.0 : He's honestly one of the most caring, approachable, and charismatic professors I've had at USC, and he made ochem so much more enjoyable. He truly wants every student to succeed, and prepares you well for his exams, as long as you are willing to put in the effort. I wish I went to his office hours more!
5.0 : Kyung is the man. Incredibly passionate about O Chem and genuinely wants every student to succeed. The guy holds a ton of office hours and I've never had a teacher that cares more about his students. The class obviously isn't easy (it's O Chem) but he's incredibly straight forward about what he tests on and is nothing if not fair.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had at USC. Go to his office hours and talk to him about the material! He is a very genuine guy and a great professor. Study the practice tests for a really good representation of what he will test you on.
5.0 : He is the best!Dr. Jung is great because  unlike some professors I've had he is very clear on what is expected of you. He lets you know what type of problems you can expect on the test. This is great since that tests how much ochem you know and not just whether you can understand what the question asks. He is also super funny
4.5 : Professor Jung was extremely funny, clear, and approachable. He made coming to lecture a lot more enjoyable and occasionally gave some inspirational talks. The material is tough regardless of the prof. but he gives you the recourses to do well. Be Careful on exams though because a couple mistake can lose you a bunch of points. Still, take him!
5.0 : OChem is extremely difficult no matter who you take it with, but Kyung is a very good teacher. More importantly, he has many office hours open and is very open to students who need help throughout the semester.
5.0 : I've never met a professor who is this caring about his students and people in general. Sometimes he can be a little mean but it's more like tough love. He tries to get to know every student personally and gives you life lessons in everything. I've learned a lot more than OChem in this course. He teaches you to work HARD and SMART(ly)
5.0 : Kyung's class was one of the fairest I've ever taken at USC. His accent and lecture style can be difficult to understand at time but his numerous office hours and accessibility through email more than make up for it. He releases previous exam questions and gives you clear examples of test questions. He is also one of the nicest professors I've met.
5.0 : Ok so this is one of the hardest classes in USC and I chose to take it in my first sem of freshman year which i regretted a lot. However, Kyung is GOOD that he gives us sample questions during review sessions. The test he gave contains few questions with many marks. So careless mistakes took my marks away. Anyways I am glad to have him in USC
4.5 : Kyung is extremely kind, nice, and helpful. He wants everyone in the class to do well and will help you as much as you need. You will need to practice and study a lot outside of class because  he does not teach and explain a lot but he makes everything reasonable and doable. Get to know him and show your work ethic because he determines final grade
1.5 : Seems like nice person, but very demeaning in class, calls you stupid if you get a problem wrong. Won't let you take notes in class, wants you to sit and listen. Lectures are disjointed and hard to understand. Says test will be easy and it isn't even a little.
4.5 : Kyung truly wanted all of his students to succeed. He made himself available VERY often during office hours to discuss performance and take questions - I would advise getting to know him. I found his exams far less trickydifficult than Travis's. His midterms were okay and his final was very easy. Hilarious as well - highly recommend
3.0 : Didn't spend enough time teaching material in lecture. Told too many irrelevant stories and jokes. Had to teach myself all of the material
5.0 : Loved him. He's there for you if you go to office hours (WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND GOING)
5.0 : Heidelberg is, to date, probably the most CLEAR biology professor that I've had. Presents important information effectively which is not always the case in the large bio classes at USC.
4.5 : great professor bur boring topic  like plants rather read something interesting like human biology. But if young prime you gotta do what you gotta do.  Cool guy and he pairs the class with his wife which is adorable.
4.0 : Great human being and has a passion for teaching biology. Uses a powerpoint and does not speed through slides. Tests were not too hard if you studied and are about half multiple choice/ half free response. Our TA was a bit of a tough grader on the free response but yours may not be. Labs were annoying, but manageable. I suck at biology but did well
3.0 : This class is basically pointless but Greenfield at least didn't give us that much work. Other Freshman Academy profs had way more assignments.
5.0 : Very helpful professor, tries to help students in every way especially in connecting with potential employers to land them a job
5.0 : He teaches you WHAT you need to know, WHEN you need to know it, and HOW important it is. NO BS, thank god. ITP 475 is a capstone course so it was a lot of work that weren't easy, but thanks to Joe he made my interest in Cyber Security bloom. Even if he's teaching another class I would recommend him because he's  an awesome and chill person too.
5.0 : Class itself was easy, but apparently other freshmen academy classes aren't the same (some have tougher assignments, MATLAB content, etc.) so I highly recommend going with Greenfield. Pretty funny guy, fun group projects and activities. Most work you ever did anyways was a simple engineering field presentation and that was it.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. Incredibly engaging and informative lectures, clear highlighting of key concepts, extremely knowledgeable of subject matter with tons of experience. Clear expectations and fair grading. It was a ton of work, but I learned more than I ever have in another class, and remembered it. Best prof. I've had.
5.0 : Amazing.
5.0 : By far the most influential professor I have had at USC. I would not be pursing a career in Cyber Security if it wasn't for his help. He genuinely cares that his students learn the material. He makes the subject super interesting. I would recommend any of his classes if you are even remotely interested in the field. He is super helpful. Great class
4.5 : Lots of hard work, but worth it. Joe encourages students to think for themselves and exhaust all other options before asking for help from him, and he rarely gives direct answers, which can be annoying at times. However the course is very well structured and Joe cares a lot about his students. Attendance is definitely mandatory.
5.0 : Prof. Greenfield is knowledgeable and always willing to help. ENGR102 was a pretty easy class, but Prof. Greenfield made it worthwhile.
4.5 : If you have the chance to take him for freshman academy do it. He is a great guy and funny professor and really cares about his students. Also, his class has the least amount of work by far compared to any other teacher. He's very approachable and will talk with you about anything in office hours (he can improve your resume tenfold in just 20 min).
5.0 : great guy
5.0 : I thought this class would be a waste of time, but Professor Greenfield made it awesome! Group projects were actually kind of cool and connecting engineering to cybersecurity was really interesting. No tests, barely any homework.
5.0 : He is funny and engaging in class, and you get a lot of useful advice. The workload is small, just show up. The professor you get can change the experience of this class greatly, so he is a great one to get.
5.0 : Extremely easy class to get an A. Basically just show up to class and turn in the homework. Going to class and the out of class activities are the vast majority of your grade so if you don't do well and get Cs on the projects you will definitely still get an A easily. Class often ended early, which is a plus.
4.0 : Least stressful class I've taken. Go to class and you'll pass. Really makes you think outside the box. Class is usually dismissed earlier than the full 2 hours. He does make an effort to make class interesting and funny. Group projects are not at all hard. From what I've heard, I think he is the best of the ENGR 102 professors.
5.0 : Participation is mandatory and grading is mostly based on group-projects but they're easy to and fun. Would totally recommend taking him for ENGR102. Seems like our class got less homework compared to the others.
5.0 : Engineering Academy is structured differently depending on what professor you have. With that said, Professor Greenfield was amazing! He offered fantastic advice on interviews, made himself available for professional advice, and was always in a good mood and humorous. Be ready for several group projects that require some work but aren't difficult.
5.0 : Good teacher, doesn't require attendance, but still you learn a lot through his lessons and assignments
4.0 : A cool storyteller and hilarious professor! Recommended for those are ready to deal with challenges.
5.0 : Yes! yes! Yes! I LOVE her class. She is one of the best and most laid back professors I have taken. She is also very funny. Be ready to brainstorm and do group work in class. Have to write at least 4 papers and a group project. She covers topics like fiction, non fiction, drama and poetry. I absolutely recommend every student to take her class.
4.5 : Professor was without a doubt one of the most critical, tough, and passionate teachers I have ever had in my life. And for that, i couldn't be more greatful. She inspired me to dig deeper with my papers and explore the parts of my brain I've always been to afraid to explore. I was not the best student in her class, but she definitely inspired me
5.0 : She is a very fun to teacher to have. If your not used to reading everyday, get used to it if your going to take her class. But she does choose very interesting material for you to read. As long you you try and don't slack off, her class should be fun. Great teacher to have.
5.0 : Professor Pina is an amazing teacher who is passionate about her craft.  I would definitely recommend her to those who enjoy English, and even those who don't.  She will challenge you but is understanding and straight-up in her style of teaching.  If you show up, do the work, do your best, and communicate with her you will enjoy and do well inclass
5.0 : Amazing professor and spectacular story teller. I enjoyed every bit of her class.
5.0 : Professor Pina was the best professor I've had at my local community college. I'm glad she got a job at USC, she deserves it. From the beginning of class, she made everyone feel included and I could tell she genuinely cares about the work. She was hard on grading, but definitely made me a better student. I'm honestly sad she's not here anymore.
5.0 : This probably doesn't come as a surprise for the chair of the writing department, but Epps is the best writing teacher I've had. Incredibly knowledgable - in a field where everyone thinks they know what they're talking about, he seriously genuinely does.
5.0 : If you're taking econometrics, take it with him. Just do it.
5.0 : This class is the best: not too much work, but you learn a lot. I think everybody could find the class useful. The professor is also super knowledgable and it shows.
5.0 : Great professor. Great class. Super easy. Very interesting. Best class I've ever taken.
5.0 : Professor Selby is great
4.0 : Learned a lot in this class, though not so much in discussion sections. Prof goes through slides quickly, but if you pay attention, you'll learn a lot of useful information. Homeworks, midterm, and final aren't too difficult. Prof tries to help you out and encourages asking questions. Recommend this course!
4.0 : She's an engaging speaker for sure, very energetic about her class, could be provocative for class discussions. Although the materials seem to be overshadowed by lots of discussions/ videos, but I liked her teaching. If you are looking for an easy A and some intro to developing countries, this is the class.
5.0 : I had her for 213 and liked her so much that I'm taking her 330 course now. She's an engaging lecturer and works hard to keep the material interesting. On top of that, she's really personable and her office hours are super helpful. 213 is not a hard course, as long as you show up to lecture and pay attention (a lot of material).
3.5 : Very simple class. 4 papers. She is willing to help during her office hours and the topics and readings are all really interesting. She tends to talk for long periods of time without engaging with students much, but other than that, fair grader, knowledgable, and very personable.
5.0 : Professor Bozovic is the best teacher I have had at USC, hands down. She is a phenomenal lecturer- keeps the class engaged and is an expert about Political Economics. Her class is extremely manageable, some readings that you should do for the pop quizzes, but I barely read and did fine on the quizzes. Take this class, you won't regret it!!
5.0 : Not a difficult class, the subject is really interesting and professor is really engaging, if you actually pay attention during the lectures and participate, then you don't really have to read your textbooks only the case readings. Class based more on international development and on how to make a difference in the world.
5.0 : Great opportunity to get credit for interning somewhere. Although the class has nothing to do with your internship and is entirely based on your random subject paper that you decide on. Very difficult paper and unnecessarily difficult class. Great career advice from professor and resume building.
3.0 : Easy A but extremely boring lectures. Her powerpoints are just copied and pasted word-for-word from the textbook. Only reason to attend class is for participation points, everything else can be learned from the book. Midterm and final are just definition of terms. There are 2 short case study papers and a debate that go towards your grade too.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at USC. Honestly love her, she's so nice, accessible outside of class, and just generally a really good professor.
5.0 : Very good lecturer, definitely far FAR above the average for USC's econ department. Go to class, and do the readings and the tests are very easy. Also, go to office hours to discuss the direction of your essays and she will tell you what to focus on to get an A.
4.0 : Economic Globalization. She is very nice and passionate about the subject, which is actually interesting. Class is basically all essays. Midterm and Final are 3 essay questions, and some case studies and one presentation during semester. I took this class as my GE, definitely one of the tougher GEs but interesting class. Class is all health majors.
5.0 : Excellent teacher, he will push you to whatever he feels your limit is- so don't let him think you're too smart! Lol awesome teacher though, take him, he will inspire you!
5.0 : Great teacher and the most engaging lectures! Really great class and you will learn a ton. Be prepared to read a lot and you must have very detailed notes for midterm/final.
4.5 : Loved this class. English is a great lecturer with a unique sense of humor. If you go to class and do the readings--you'll be fine. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Great lecturer. Interesting readings. One of the best classes and professors I've had at USC.
5.0 : Extremely knowledgeable professor. He could talk about any given topic for hours (and he does). Going to class is extremely important. There is no textbook but readings are assigned weekly. The readings can be a lot, but you don't need to finish all of them. Very fair grader. If you pay attention in class and do some of the readings, easy class.
5.0 : Professor English, if you work for it, makes your life so much easier. In class, I've never seen anyone so passionate or knowledgable about his topic -- he has slides with a few pictures on them and can talk for 20 minutes on the pictures. Take good notes. Outside of class, he loves helping smart kids. He's a great guy, super smart and a great prof
5.0 : AMAZING
4.0 : Had Rick for a number of classes 20 years ago. Not flashy, but a true genius. He is a major scholar of classical American cinema and the Hollywood studio system. Humble, down to earth, and absolutely inspiring. State of the art--and a true mentor.
3.5 : Professor Irwin is an outstanding professor. In the beginning I was very intimidate by him because he came off as a little dry. However, as the semester progressed I learned so much from his knowledge. I am a health promotion major but Professor Irwin's teaching actually made me enjoy literature. He is also extremely passionate about every work.
2.0 : A poet, not a teacher. Easy grader (assigns HW, but doesn't go over them). Knowledgeable about arts in general. No written critiques. Appreciates modern, hipster language. Got into arguments with students about 6 class sessions out of 15 (he talked overshut down students). Writes in his journal while students answer his questions. Self-absorbed.
4.0 : I took Professor Irwin for my GSEM A class. The class was pretty easy, very light workload (I think I wrote about 2 papers 1-2 pages each in total for the class with a really easy midterm). Definitely should try and do the readings as he calls on people in class to interpret meanings in the book, but he's a very easy grader.
4.5 : You have to do a ton of reading and there are quizzes. Participation is key to getting an A.  The field assignments are easier than you think. I screwed up the second one and he let me to fix my mistakes and used my grade for the third field assignment for both my second and third. He is super understanding.I didn't deserve an A but he gave me one.
3.5 : He's nice enough, but it's way too much work for a GE, and he's not the most exciting lecturer out there either.
3.0 : An easy GE B/G course - the field assignments are a piece of cake and I never did the readings, but I honestly hated every class session. Lichterman's lectures are informative yet extremely boring and drawn-out. He loves to hear himself talk, overcomplicates simple concepts, and did not respect our schedules by constantly going over class time.
4.0 : Really great professor Huge workload, but relatively easy grader
4.0 : She definitely tries to make the material clear to students. Exams are really based one her slides. Study the slides plus notes you take, and you'll do fine. Didn't need the textbook. Side note: REALLY study the slide! every detail counts.
5.0 : Dr. Emily Liman is fantastic! I have taken two courses with her (Neurobiology and Advanced Cell Biology), and have been very pleased with both classes. She has the unique ability of explaining biological concepts in a manner that anyone can understand. I highly recommend taking her Advanced Cell Biology course in particular. Thank you Dr. Liman!
4.0 : Pretty straightforward professor and does a reasonable job of explaining concepts/ answering questions. Slides have all the stuff you need to know so study them well. Organizes and presents material in a way that makes sense and is easy to follow. Material of her course block gets more interesting as you go along. Lectures can be a bit dry.
4.0 : Test is 100% lecture-material, book not needed. Slides are straight-forward and clear, but some of the lectures can be a bit boring.
5.0 : Fast is the man and 472 has dramatically reshaped the trajectory of my career for better.  If you want groundbreaking insight into power structures that govern organizations, look elsewhere, but if you're open to a class with a great professor and mild workload that will help you figure out where you're going and how to get there, take this class!
4.5 : Professor Fast's lectures are somewhat boring, mostly because he reviews the case.  As I understand it, this might be something that the university is changing soon. Fast is very helpful, relies a lot on participation, and has an extensive amount of expertise. I would definitely recommend him. Best 304 professor hands down.
5.0 : Easily one of my favorite professors at USC. Smart and charismatic. He makes the material interesting and really cares about his students.
5.0 : Professor Fast is great! I actually had him for both MOR 472 and BUAD 304. Not only is he a great guy who cares about his students, but his 472 class (Power, Politics, and Influence) is THE #1 most useful/relevant course I've taken. Felt like I got my money's worth, and with U$C's tuition, that's really saying something. Highly highly recommend!
4.5 : Hmmm the review below seems fishy since professors for 304 don't grade - it's all Bresnahan and Tolan (TAs) and has been that way for years. With that being said, I enjoyed having Fast for lecture. Was always engaging and energetic. I would definitely recommend him if you need to take 304 to graduate
5.0 : MOR 472 was by far the best Marshall class I'd taken and will still most likely hold that title by the time I graduate. Fast is a phenomenal professor who actually cares about his students and the class itself changed me vastly in terms of how I think. Would definitely take this class again!
3.0 : She was kind of eclectic - definitely an artist/writer personality, kind of scatterbrained.  Did not have a syllabus or any real class structure. We only wrote 1 paper the entire semester and it was an autobiography. Easiest class ever and a pretty nice professor to boot.  Seemed to have genuine interest in her students and their stories.
4.5 : Wiggins is really good about adapting her critique to your writing styletopic, so it's ok if you're not an artsy writer. But she will tell you what you're doing wrong, so if you're looking for nicey-nice, don't take her. If you want to grow as a writer, she's amazing. Tough but eccentric-fun and really wants to see you improve - and you will.
4.0 : This class is easy on your GPA but hard on your ego -- don't take if you want to be coddled.  Professor Wiggins can be a harsh teacher at times, but she has the chops and accolades to back it up, so just shut up and listen to her critique and you'll learn a lot. She's a little weird and very fun and in general it was a great workshop.
3.5 : Professor Gambrell is a very nice lady. She is very passionate about what she is teaching, and loves (I mean LOVES) when you ask questions or participate. There readings aren't hard, and there are only 2 quizzes the entire semester on 2 of the readings. The rest of the books are just short 2 page 'commentaries' that are graded fairly easy!
5.0 : Sweetest teacher at USC hands down. Even if you're not creative you can still easily get an A if you turn your work in. She is really understanding when it comes to missing class or needing extra time on an assignment. Would definitely recommend taking this class! Very calm classroom setting - no pressure to constantly be contributing.
5.0 : One of my favorite classes at USC yet even though I have no artistic talent or interest. Prof Gambrell really is so sweet and supportive about project ideas. Easy A for sure if you keep up mostly with the readings and put in some effort into the 3 projects. The final is easy if you're caught up on the readings. Light courseload but rewarding class
5.0 : Professor Gambrell is a great professor. She's the english professor for the 21st century and loves talking about language and english in the context of digital and new media. Her class is pretty easy and she wants each student to succeed and respects everyone. Definitely recommend. No midterms and only 4 two page commentaries and a final project
4.5 : This class is a joke. Its super easy. Satisfies GE requirement. She assigns 4, 2 page, commentaries and has 2 super easy quizzes. I wrote the commentaries the night before or the day of and got a good grade on them. She also has a project at the end. Attendance is mandatory but she excuses up to 4. Show up, act like you care, and you'll be good.
4.0 : As with many science classes, the professor solely teaches material and makes tests. Great teacher and encouraged participation. The tests were convoluted and he found joy in tricking his students with confusing test questions. I recommend never talking to Skibo or Erickson if you can avoid it. They are rude and unhelpful.
4.0 : Super clear. Easy to get all the notes and lectures online. Hard material but he's a great teacher. And really hot in a like sciencey way
5.0 : Professor Bertolini is one of the better chemistry lecturers. He does a lot of interesting demos in class and goes over exactly what you need to know for the test. If you go to his office hours, he is more than willing to go over the material again. That being said, his tests are on the tricky side and really go into the concepts.
5.0 : His slides are always clear and engaging and he makes clicker questions fun. He's pretty lenient with attendance (you're allowed to miss five lectures and receive full credit for participation) and he explains everything thoroughly. Be sure to study for tests, though, because the first one will probably give you a false sense of security.
5.0 : He is the BEST chemistry I've ever had in my entire life. And I'm a chem major so trust me on this. He explains the materials very well; exams can be hard because he does like to ask application problems. However, if you really listened and tried, it should be a fun/memorable course you will ever take.
5.0 : Your grade in this class definitely reflects the amount of effort you put in. If you make an effort to stay ahead, the class isn't terribly difficult. Bertolini made Chemistry fun. His snarky, dark humor makes class worth paying attention to and makes the class more enjoyable overall.
4.0 : The downfall for students in CHEM105A is not the lecture, but the lab. So for Professor Bertolini's sections, it was pretty much a repeat of high school chemistry, minus the last two chapters. Attendance isn't essential until the last quarter of the semester, but other than that, the tests are straightforward and again, the focus should be on lab.
4.0 : The downfall for students in CHEM105A is not the lecture, but the lab. So for Professor Bertolini's sections, it was pretty much a repeat of high school chemistry, minus the last two chapters. Attendance isn't essential until the last quarter of the semester, but other than that, the tests are straightforward and again, the focus should be lab.
1.0 : worst professor. He teaches you some things, and tests you on the most complicated things that everyone fails. partial credit sucks because he doesnt give it fairly. he teaches fine but testing material is very difficult
5.0 : Bertolini is one of the best teachers I've had in my academic career. He makes chemistry interesting and his lectures were very clear and organized. I did not need to go to SI sessions; I just looked over my notes and did the practice exams he provides. People say that his tests are tricky, but he goes over most of the tricky stuff in class.
5.0 : Super nerd. Very Fair. Really nice. Crazy hot.
5.0 : Dr. Bertolini has been the best professor I've had at USC so far. I had him for chem105a and 322a. His tests are really difficult but they are also very fair. Although the exam averages are really low, if you study hard, you can definitely do well. I put in at least a week for each of his exams. I would highly recommend taking him!
1.0 : Dr. Bertolini makes the class arguably much more difficult than it needs to be. Difficult to do well on exams because partial credit isn't really a thing. Great professor if you have five hours to devote to one class every day. but most of the time you really have no choice, and the rest of the USC chemistry department isn't great either. Good luck
5.0 : I loved Dr. Bertolini's class. He's super funny, an amazing lecturer who  explains concepts very clearly, and great about answering questions in person or via email. People say his tests are tricky but I thought they were pretty straightforward, as long as you understand the concepts.
3.0 : His exams are HARD. He even told us that his previous job was making tests so he knows all the psychological tricks in making tests tricky. very tricky. Best way to study for exams are doing a lot of practice problems similar to the ones on his practice exams.
5.0 : Great professor. Super clear and helpful. Lectures are clear, so reading the textbook is unnecessary. The curve is generous. Put the time and work in and you'll get the grade.
5.0 : He is super helpful and funny. Breaks down hard topics and is always available when you need him. Office hours are great. Exams can be tough but he gives example of old ones. Study and it's not-that bad. Definitely not an easy A though.  TAs sucked though which is annoying. Nota far of lab... Also Bert is cute.  Talk nerdy tome lol
3.5 : Good professor, helpful if you approach him. His tests are rather difficult and there are a lot of curve balls. Be sure to attend SI sessions. Would still recommend taking Bertolini over other chemistry professors.
4.0 : Bertolini is great in Forensics. He's well aware that it's a GE, so the class is curved to a B+ and all the material is online. The lectures are short, interesting, easy and funny, and although the labs are difficult, if you go to section the TAs will basically give you the answer. Midterms are easy, final more difficult. Attendance optional.
3.0 : His tests are extremely difficult and, at times, the exams were much more difficult and complex than the material covered in class. He kept us interested in Chemistry by explaining how it is relevant to our lives. He got annoyed with us a couple times and skipped going over a few slides because we "didn't care".
2.0 : I honestly don't even know what to think about Prof Bertolini. He is clear with his lectures (however, extremely fast paced) and nice outside of class, but his exams are complete SLAUGHTER and he isn't involved in anything in the whole class except teaching the lecture and writing the exams.
1.0 : He is such a bad professor. He teaches you one thing in class. Then on the exam he tests concepts that are completely tricky and takes off points every question. His exams are too long and so little time. He purposely does this to make people fail. Would definitely go with the other professor. Do NOT choose him, you will suffer and get a bad grade.
1.0 : Bertolini makes chemistry so much harder than it has to be. He has done this for a lot of years, so purposefully makes Chem 105a and 322a impossible. Exams are long and very difficult. Partial credit, ha! Tests on concepts not taught in lecture. A 100 Times more complicated questions on the exams.
3.0 : Pretty much everything I expected from GE Chem. Learned a lot, but it's mostly self study; simply showing up to lecture does not cover topics deeply enough to do well on the few tests that your grade is based off of.
4.5 : I really liked him in forensics. I'm a chem major but haven't gotten a chance to take any of his classes (he teaches the less populated section - 105a, 322a in the spring and b in the fall). He was very clear, really funny, and pretty nerdy in a good way. Hope to have him for another class somewhere down the line.
3.0 : He is really smart and knows what he talking about, however, since he is so smart he makes the exams really hard. The lectures are easy to follow and the problems in class are easy too, the exams are nothing like the lectures or homework. Study hard!!
5.0 : Easy and really interesting. Curve is very generous. Pretty much all the material on the test is from the slides. Definitely take him for a GE D.
4.0 : Just like my grade the quality of this professor is in complete questionable discord. His lectures had the quasi-facade of being completely understandable, engaging and humorously put people down. Yet, for the last six fortnights I have struggled the miasma known as his exams that plunged me into oblivion.   Only Indians and pre-meds will survive.
4.0 : Professor Bertolini is good in his lectures and is willing to take questions. Unfortunately, he is rather hard to approach and ask questions to. His lectures contain some dry humor that make the lecture interesting. Decently difficult class because of the curve. Go to SI sessions.
4.5 : Hard class, but that's the nature of chemistry. Very clear lectures with all of the slides uploaded. He is an interesting/funny guy to listen to lecture.
2.0 : Chem 105a is the most heinous class I've ever experienced. His strange personality makes lectures unintentionally funny, but the abominable curve, pettiness of his class and the necessitated interaction with Skibo, the most infamous teacher on campus, makes this is a course one be avoided at all costs.
3.5 : Bertolini is a good lecturer, he's funny and keeps things interesting and clear. He's friendly and helpful if you go to his office hours. His tests are the hardest out of all the CHEM 105a professors, however, and go by a strict grading system. Really takes a lot of work to get an A.
5.0 : Great professor - tough class though. The material is pretty hard itself and the tests are ridiculously strict
3.0 : You could theoretically not pay attention in lecture, but youd have to do a lot of work outside. Hes a nice person, but his exam questions seem to be challenging b/c if you dont know what youre doing, youll be lost, but also b/c his questions are include extraneous information that tricks you up.
3.0 : Go to the lectures- he does add info that can come up on exam. This is a hard, weeder class in general, but he is very smart and compared to some other profs, he is gold. Not a very approachable dude, but he can be helpful at office hours. Go to SI sessions consistently. Careful with the lab portion- it's subjective and time-consuming. Study hard!
4.0 : Contrary to everyone liking Kyung more, I loved Bert. He's not the most enthusiastic guy and is really more of a dry humor kind of guy. You really should go to lectures as he does a lot of drawing and further explaining than his slides provide. Tests are really tricky but you can do well if you study, no partial credit though. Go to recitation!
3.0 : If you don't pay attention from day one its super hard to catch up again. His tests are pretty hard and he makes you feel stupid for asking questions. Other than that its just as hard as you would expect from a gen chem class.
3.0 : CHEM 105A is never a great class. Bertolini is a fine lecturer. He's pretty humorous and slightly entertaining but doesn't really add anything to what's on the lecture slides. Clicker questions require attendance but they're worth a small part of your grade.
4.0 : Bertolini is a great teacher and he's funny so lectures are interesting. I found the content to be easy and a repeat of AP Chem/IB SL Chem, but for someone without that background the content may be difficult. He explains concepts clearly and well, but his exams are very difficult. Do every single practice exam to study.
5.0 : He is far and away better than the other chem lecturer. He does a good job covering material and makes going to lecture worth it. I went to the other professors lecture once and it was much worse. If you are taking 105a, choose bertoloni
5.0 : Go to lectures
4.5 : Funny and entertaining in lecture. If you have any problems with the non-lab component of the course, go up to talk to him before or after lecture or in office hours because he will try to fix them! Fun demonstrations (especially liquid nitrogen ice cream and gunpowder cotton).
5.0 : GREAT chemistry professor. Cares about the subject, purposefully and accidentally hilarious, tricky tests so be sure to study creatively (know the material inside and out), webquizzes are extremely easy, textbook problems not necessary but you're shooting yourself in the foot if you don't do them. Good luck!
4.0 : This class is structured to make students want to drop the class early on (the first lab is one of the most difficult). However, if you study hard you can do well, even if you feel like you aren't. I got 2 Cs on midterms, but, because of the ridiculous curve, got an A- in the course. Do sample exams and go to lecture, Bertolini is a great prof!!
5.0 : Dr. Bertolini always gives ample time to record information in lectures, and he often provides complementary information to solidify student understanding of content. His exams are tough if you are unprepared, but as long as you complete the recommended practice problems and review the lecture material, you will be fine.
4.5 : Great guy and perhaps one of the best professors at USC. Throws in much humor into his lectures and demos work about half the time. His lectures are very clear and he is always helpful during office hours. Every point in the class matters, so make sure to go to exam reviews and practice with his old exams and you should be just fine.
4.0 : Bertolini's tests are hard, but not impossible. Do as many practice exams as possible to familiarize yourself with the types of questions he asks. I would suggest reading the book as well, at least briefly, just to hear things explained in a different way. Don't neglect lab! It can help your grade if you do well enough.
5.0 : Bertolini is an amazing teacher, I loved his class. Funny and smart. tests are actually not that bad, but he is not a fan of partial credit so be careful because silly mistakes can hurt. it's the chem labs that will destroy you. chem105 labs take too long and they grade on strict criteria. follow all the directions because they are textbook af.
1.0 : Extremely emotional, just don't talk to him when he's in a bad mood. Sets ridiculous rules that he himself doesn't follow sometimes. However, clear lectures and you will definitely learn a lot.
4.0 : His slides include lots of pictures, diagrams, and examples, which I like for visual learning. Definitely a hard class if you did not take AP Chem. You have to keep up with the material that he lectures (e.g. review on your own, refer back to the textbook, do practice problems) every day if you want to do well
5.0 : The best 105a lecturer. It's a hard class and Bertolini takes the time to explain things properly and do clicker questions to make sure everyone gets it. Great examples and demos, hilarious stories. To do well on the lecture exams you need to pay attention in lecture and then review with lots of practice problems. I regret skipping the SIs I did.
4.0 : CHEM 105a is going to suck no matter what, but Bertolini makes it almost bearable. Almost. His lectures are really good and he does several interesting demonstrations throughout the semester. He's also funny sometimes and willing to help you after class. On the other hand, he writes the tests himself, and though they are monstrously difficult.
4.0 : Bertolini is the best lecture professor I have had. He makes is very clear and goes as a good pace to fit everything but go over what the students do not know. The clicker points are important (literally just have to show up to get them) so go to class
2.0 : Claims to be a wonderful social worker yet grades with little regard for effort
5.0 : By far my favorite professor in the program! He is very welcoming, encouraging, and funny. He breakdown the assignments so they are not hard to complete, and he always available if you need help. He will have you laughing throughout the semesters and sometimes will provide snacks.
4.5 : Excellent professor!!  Erik is very down-to-earth, kind, and understanding.  He is accessible and flexible.  He provides tons of resources and utilizes different activities throughout the semester.  He encourages participation and gives everyone a chance to speak.  I highly recommend him!
4.5 : He's an amazing professor. Very understanding, if you need to miss class. Brings guest lectures and always keeps class interesting. Very clear about what he expects on Assignments, a little picky on APA format. He cares for his students and helped part time students out by letting deans know we need more class options. Great Professor.
3.5 : Not sure if it was Prof Schott decision to implement the "new" USC curriculum but 609 was a mess!!! The readings were for the tests only and incredibly dense. Most of the class did the tests in groups as you could do them at home  apparently a "no no" but that is what people did as the readings were about memorizing not application of knowledge.
5.0 : Kim is by far one of my favorite human beings. She genuinely cares about students, treats them like adults and teaches material that is so useful and relevant. She chooses the readings for a reason and she expects you to read them, but you will be glad you did. I decided to take another of her classes because she made that much of an impact on me.
5.0 : One of my absolute favorite professors!! SO sweet and funny and adds an amazing flair to all of her lectures. This class will change your life and push you out of your creative comfort zone. Just take it. I got by without doing much of the reading b/c she always goes over it in class. Study and you'll be fine!
5.0 : Kim is one of the best people you will ever meet! She is encouraging and funny, but also so knowledgeable and passionate about what she does. No matter who you are, she will find a way to connect with you and inspire you to try something new.
5.0 : She's amazing - cares a lot about both OT and her students. Very helpful, approachable, and engaging, and her tests are easy and predictable. Not gonna lie, it's quite a bit of homework for a 2 unit, but it was definitely meaningful and worth it. Participation does count for a grade; I always showed up and never talked and still got 45.
4.5 : Kim is amazing! She is so passionate about OT and truly cares about all of her students. The tests are so easy and she makes lectures fun.
5.0 : It was a very insightful class that was interesting AND taught you something useful. For a 2 unit course it requires a lot of work but its all interesting so it never really felt like work. I would study thoroughly for the tests I I were you.
5.0 : This is one of the best classes that USC has to offer. She makes you work for your grade and you must study for the tests. But I suggest taking this class for the sake of restoring a weary soul.
3.0 : You can tell she's smart and she really encourages participation, but she was really dull during lectures and she seemed totally uninterested in the subject manner. Each class seemed to drag on and on and on. She's nice and an understanding professor. Reading isn't necessary at all.
4.0 : Professor Parker is such a sweet man. If you ask for his opinion or help, he is always thrilled to answer. Most work is in class. Dont skip class because it is annoying having to do work outside of class. Class is where you get most work done.  There is a minimal amount of homework. Dont be intimidated by critiques, they are usually very positive!!
5.0 : Looking for an easy A? Then this is the class to take. Not only is it an easy class, Professor Hsu is also one of the most dedicated teacher I've ever come across. You'll learn a bunch about stress management while having fun at the same time! Best professor ever!
1.0 : Extremely hypocritical, he inherently induces stress in his stress management class
5.0 : Cares about his students. We do Yoga and power napping several times. Assignments are super easy, lectures are clear and organized. Actually learned some useful and interesting information. Really inspiring.
3.0 : Steve is a great teacher but a strange grader. He puts a lot of effort into responding to your assignments but most of the time he takes off points for the most trivial things. It should be an easy A and can be but if you slack off even a little on an assignment he will take off a ton of points.
5.0 : He's a really nice guy. He genuinely cares about his students and spends a lot of time responding to the journal entries that he requires you to write for his class. Taking this class was a true stress reliever-- and easy A! Very enjoyable, and learned a lot. Recommend!
5.0 : Professor Steve is very caring and only hopes to make a positive impact on the lives of his students. He shares his life stories, which are very inspirational, and pushes students to be the best people they can be. His class is super easy, but there are a lot of small assignments. However, the assignments teach you how to manage time and stress.
1.0 : Do not take his stress management class if you're looking to get an A. I have never written a review before but his class compelled me to do so. We did hardly any yoga and ironically, this class gave me more stress rather than teaching me how to manage it. He is also a super strict grader.
5.0 : This professor is really amazing. Yes he's a great lecturer, but what other surgeon or doctor is taking time to come teach undergraduates about medicine and surgery. We have tons of premeds and this class is like the thing that keeps us going through all the boring preretirement stuff. He's may favorite!
5.0 : I can't believe this professor takes time for undergrad students while doing amazing stuff on TV. I think other professors can learn what it means to teach for the art/humanity of teaching. Some teach because their Dean's require it. Some teach because its a part of being academic leader. Yes the same Professor on FOX Superhuman teaches at USC!!!!!
5.0 : I didn't really use the textbook or do the readings except when I needed to for essays. The lectures are helpful, interesting, and Kang is funny and interesting. Very heavy focus on Korea which could get irritating. Not too difficult though, I rarely did the readings, got B+ on most papers/tests, and ended with an A- in the class.
2.0 : This guy is nice as a person but one of the worst professors I've had. He is so unclear about what will be tested and gives no clear definition or meaning to his lectures. A day before the Midterm and Final my TA couldn't give any guidance because it wasn't written yet. Overstudied for stupid easy exams with essay questions that don't correlate.
4.0 : 2 Papers (3 page), a midterm, and a final. Everything is graded by your TA so be careful who you pick. The exams don't really require you to know the readings, but at least know the central ideas for discussions. The professor is a great lecturer, likes to give inspirational and touching life advices, but often goes tangent from the subject
5.0 : Best lecturer ever. I enjoyed going to his class and he always had your attention. The class wasn't too bad. if you get the core concepts you'll be fine. Most of his work revolves around Asia so he refers to many Asian examples which Im fine with but others may not. TAs grade everything so be careful who you pick. Overall great class, learned alot.
5.0 : Extremely knowledgable, great professor. He is super accomplished, but he can definitely be arrogant at times. If you can look past that (which you should) he is an excellent lecturer, passionate about his work, and very accessible. Would highly recommend him.
5.0 : Really cool class. He's probably the best lecturer I've ever heard but make sure you go to lecture because his slides don't have any content, so listen in class. Class is fairly simple, if you get the main concepts you're good. 2 papers, a midterm, and a final. Plus you're participation in discussion.
4.0 : You learn a lot, After this class I was a lot more knowledgable about the topic. I received many good grades on the tests, and the tests are basic, clear, and well written. However what i did not like about him was that he gave me a 50 % grade reduction on my term paper because it was too long. Cmon Dr. Kang that ruined my grade
5.0 : Kang is honestly the best professor I've ever had. He's extremely knowledgeable about the subject, an excellent teacher, and presents the information clearly. Sit in the front!
2.0 : Cool guy but bad professor. All of his lectures are about China and Korea and his slide suck. He gives no actual material during his lectures and just talks about korea. Extremely boring class. Do not recommend
5.0 : He's a highly respected (though sometimes controversial) expert in IR, and shows it through lectures. Class was very easy, although TA grades everything, so be careful who you choose (mine wasn't very clear with what she wanted). Overall very charismatic, has a great voice, and is an intelligent professor. Would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Kang was able to convey the material well and inspire students to learn about IR. He often repeats himself, which may get annoying at times, but overall it helps to drill in the material. If you have a chance to take him for IR 210, do it.
5.0 : Highly recommend. Not a cakewalk, but if you do what you're supposed to and show up to class you'll do fine.
5.0 : Professor Dipprey is hands down my favorite professor I've had at Marshall and perhaps USC. She genuinely cares about all of her students and is one of the kindest, funniest professors around. She's a tough grader. Expect to get a B like any other Marshall class. Highly recommend!!
5.0 : I was so scared to take BUAD 302 since it is a public speaking class; however, Professor Dipprey actually made me enjoy this class more than I enjoy most marshall classes. She is so sweet and is a funny professor with inspiring stories. I plan on taking her upper division marshall class because I loved her so much!
5.0 : An interesting 2-unit class in communication/design/creativity in the workplace. This class was very different from any other Marshall classes, and it widened my perspective about life in general. 2 presentations which were enjoyable; weekly journals not so much; take-home final; and other miscellaneous assignments.
4.5 : Professor Dipprey is an incredibly inspiring professor -- she really puts in the effort to make this class both exploratory and educational, and she cares deeply for her students on a personal level. If you approach the class with the right mindset and show interest in the material, it's a very manageable workload and a deeply rewarding experience.
4.0 : This class is different from any class in Marshall. Don't take this class if you are unwilling to take the concepts and attempt to apply them into your life. This class will provoke you into having a semester of genuine self-discovery and can be extremely important to your future but you have to come to class willing to try the concepts.
3.5 : If you are want to get an A in this class, don't take her.  All of the reviews here raving about her as a professor and as a lecturer are well founded and accurate, but her grading criteria is an enigma in and of itself.  The class is almost entirely graded on presentations.  Somehow, she consistently gives second language students higher grades.
3.5 : Fine GE but not very interesting. Lecture is very hard to pay attention in because it is not engaging at all. Handouts and readings are all you need to do fine on midterm/final. TAs graded very differently.
4.0 : McHugh explains things very simply, and tries very hard to capture our interest. The class is based off of the reading, but he gives notes to us in class that explain everything. He's realistic about the amount of work we will do in a GE so it's not much and its not hard. I took it pass fail and regret it because I could have easily gotten an A
4.0 : Honestly a pretty easy GE. He's a great guy and there's very minimal work. Just keep up with the reading (which isn't much) and you'll do fine.
5.0 : PH is seriously my favorite professor at USC. This class is one of a kind and I strongly suggest you take it if you are interested in entrepreneurship. The class has a lot of work, but everything is manageable. Great opportunity to meet people and build connections. No tests, this class is based solely on your own/your groups achievements.
1.0 : Wow. When they came up with "those who can't do, teach," they must have been thinking of PH. It was unfortunate that I had him as my last professor in the sequence. Take anyone else if you can.
5.0 : This prof is amazing. The student who thinks "those who can't, teach" applies to this professor obviously has no clue about what his work experience is. If you aren't learning a lot in this class, there's something wrong with you, not the professor.  Don't take this class if you're a whiner or want to coast through without working.
5.0 : my favorite teacher at SC and cares about more than just grades- will help you with your future. If you want a stupid no brainer class don't take this but if you want a class to help you build your future- its a must!
5.0 : PH is one of the best professors that I have had at USC. He's very friendly and social and really tries to engage students through a variety of different mediums. Lots of guest lecturers come to class and this is an awesome way to learn about new ventures. The class is mostly discussion based with light reading. TAKE THIS CLASS. PH IS AWESOME.
3.5 : Professor Henry will teach you a lot about being an entrepreneur, but his class is a LOT of work. This is not a class to take if you aren't ready to put in 4-5 hours of work per week, at least. It's worth it though.
1.5 : PH himself is really unclear, despite his call for clarity from his students. Even though he's a poor professor, the speakers can be worth it. They were my favorite part. He also uses his authority to promote his support for Republicans, which is both disturbing and funny to this polysci major. Entrepreneurship program/minor? Great. Him? Eh.
3.5 : Very good class, though it gives some sketchy things to do outside the university to "make money fast".  The overall experience is good, though.  Come prepared to class!
5.0 : this is the BEST class you will ever take at USC. You will learn so much, DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS OPPORTUNITY. PH is the most inspiring professor and the course is so hands-on and experiential.
4.5 : The guy is genius. Makes you study a lot. But at the end it helps every student to learn the subject
5.0 : Made the WRIT 340 experience much better than I was expecting and much better than WRIT 140. He allows you to write about whatever you want, but prods you to dig deeper and think creatively. He helps you refine your writing, and if you continue to improve over the semester you should end up with a decent grade.
5.0 : Cares about hardworking students and overall a wonderful human being.
5.0 : Professor Wissot is by far the best professor I've had during my time at USC. He pushes you to work your hardest, proving that passion and determination to succeed will pay off. He is very helpful outside of class time as well, always willing to quickly reply to e-mails and meet outside of class if needed. I recommend taking any course he teaches.
5.0 : Professor Wissot is hands down the BEST professor I have ever had. His class challenges you in the best way and you come out with a better sense of career goals and how to achieve them. More than just a class and professor, Wissot will do anything he can to help you with whatever you need at any time, most especially networking.
5.0 : As a student aspiring to gain foundations for the professional world, Professor Wissot taught a beneficial section of argumentation and advocacy. This is a hands-on class and there will be a lot expected of you, but with helpful activities and your own time and dedication, it's certainly possible to achieve a good grade and a rewarding experience.
5.0 : This class is the BEST class you will ever take at USC: 1) it is a very hands-on class--you don't just sit around listening to lecture every day 2) You WILL improve(it's practically a guarantee). Wissot is intimidating,inspirational and difficult but if you put in the blood, sweat &amp; tears, you will definitely come out a better student AND person.
5.0 : Wissot is definitely one of the hardest professors I've ever had. But he does push you to the limit to make sure you give your best for every assignments. This class is not easy but if you are willing to put in the effort, you will learn A LOT about yourself and your professional interests. Take his class!
5.0 : At first glance, Professor Wissot can seem intimidating, but in reality he is an awesome instructor who is very committed to teaching his students. Honestly, the class is a lot of fun and it teaches real skills that will stay with you. His class will take a fair bit of work, but he is a very reasonable grader and it's seriously worth it.
5.0 : Professor Wissot is one of those professors that teaches you very valuable life lessons.   The class was tough at times however Professor Wissot is always there to help you if you need help.   After taking his class you will have grown not only as a student but as a person as well.
5.0 : Professor Wissot is one of those professors that you talk about years after college. His class is challenging but in return, he devotes his time and resources to his students. He truly wants the best for his students and makes sure to be their number 1 supporter. This class will provide you with valuable life tools for practical application.
5.0 : Most passionate and enthusiastic teacher that I have had at USC. He will make you work for the grade, it isn't just an easy A class. While it is very difficult it is so useful and he will help you get internship positions and help in any other way. I would take this class again
5.0 : Best prof.   You'll learn and become a stronger advocator and communicator.  Wissot cares so much for his students it feels like he cares more about you than you do about yourself.  Prepare to work A LOT, you'll be grateful and wonder why there aren't more profs like him.  If you want to be the best version of you or find it, take him &amp; this class.
5.0 : Everyone has said it but it's true, Wissot is the best! Be ready to be put on the spot but it'll be good for you! Wissot's assignments are created so that you can tailor them to your specific areas of interest and get the most out of the experience. He will go out of his way to help you pinpoint your comm. strengths and areas for improvement.
5.0 : Michael Wissot is by far the best professor I've had at USC. He sets high expectations for his students which can be trying at times, but I've left his classes with more practical knowledge, a higher degree of confidence and stronger writing skills-- making it all worth it. Wissot is a friend to his students and goes out of his way to help them.
5.0 : Wissot is the best professor I've had at USC. He owns his own communications company, has managed and contributed to multiple presidential and congressional campaigns, and written speeches for high profile political figures. He truly cares about making you the best public speaker you can be and if you work hard, he is willing to mentor you.
4.5 : Everything about this class is intense, the assignments, the feedback, and the professor himself. There is a lot more work involved than other sections, but Prof. Wissot puts in just as much work as his students - he offers edits for every speech and is extremely helpful. If you don't work well in high intensity situations, don't take this class.
4.5 : Great teacher. Learned a lot about writing speeches, public speaking, and overcoming anxiety while speaking in front of people. What needs to be understood is this section is a lot more work than other sections, and if you are not ready to work in this class, don't take it. Fulfilling experience if you do.
5.0 : You will not regret taking this class!  Yes, it is difficult and Professor Wissot pushes you harder than any other professor, but you will be so happy you stuck with it.  Wissot truly is the nicest man who will jump through hoops to help his students and make them better public speakers and people.  Your hard work will be acknowledged. TAKE IT!
5.0 : Best professor at USC. He really cares about his students and will try to help you improve in his class. It is a lot of work to get an A, but you won't regret it. You get a lot out of the class if you put the work in. Would take this class again and would definitely recommend!
5.0 : Take his class! Wissot is truly the best prof at SC. He pushes you to achieve your potential and yes it requires a bit of work, but at the end of the day you grow A LOT as a person and a speaker. Youd think a guy so successful (Google him!) would be hard to reach, he replies your emails almost instantly, at length with great feedback. So take it.
5.0 : Put yourself out there and take the challenge. The class is not for the faint of heart. Through speeches, vocal exercises, and open collaboration, Professor Wissot pushes you to be the best version of yourself. He's tough but absolutely fair. If you give your everything, you will see results. A True Metamorphosis with Wissot. A+
5.0 : Prof Wissot is one of the best profs at the entire university. He pushes his students HARD and does not settle for anything less than your best effort. If you are looking to take a class that will push you to become a better studentperson, then this is it. Everyone taking the class has this mindset, making for an awesome small class experience.
4.5 : Mr Wissot was one of the toughest professors I've ever had. That being said, he was inspiring and taught me more than anything I could learn in a textbook. He wants you to succeed and he will always make himself available to help you with the assignments and projects. Small class with fun activities to bring you out of your shell.
5.0 : GREATEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN AT USC! WISSOT IS LIKE NO OTHER PROFESSOR! I WILL NEVER FORGET THIS CLASS BECAUSE EVERYTHING I LEARNED HAS BEEN APPLICABLE TO MY LIFE AND CAREER! VERY HARD TO GET AN A IN THIS CLASS, BUT IT'S WELL WORTH WHAT YOU LEARN! (THIS POST DESERVED ALL CAPS WRITING) ONE OF THE BEST PROFESSORS AT USC WITHOUT A DOUBT!!!
5.0 : If you're a games major or interested in games, take Sanjay's ITP380 class ASAP. He teaches you material you need to know for interviews esp in linear algebra for games and programming. Can't give Sanjay higher than a 5 so time to rate him hot.
5.0 : Sanjay's lab assignments are so well designed. The learning curve starts easy but ramps up as class goes on. Paying attention in lecture and studying outside of class is definitely needed for quizzes and midterm.
5.0 : Not the most charismatic lecturer, but he does his best to get everyone engaged. He's always accessible if anyone has questions, and has a very well organized class.
4.0 : Decent professor decent class, better than most progeamming classes.
5.0 : Great professor, clear, easy to understand. Helpful if you ran into a problem. Good teacher overall. But, I feel like the lectures and lab did not contribute as much as I expected. Having previous understanding of the math involved from the CG class, and basic geometry from HS, I didn't learn much new. Labs were following a easy tutorial.
5.0 : Great teacher, explains everything clearly. The class was a very good learning experience, very worthwile.
5.0 : The midterm is a little bit tricky but if you listen carefully in the first half of the semester it won't be a problem. Homework only contains 5 labs and they are so easy if you follow instructions in the lab guide. You could use UE4 engine to write your own game as project. Better if you know about linear algebra and C++ programing skills.
4.5 : The nature of Pro C++ is to expose you to different techniques in the C++ language beyond your fundamental data structures. The programming assignments are really well-designed, and Sanjay is just a cool guy. Lectures are long and might put you to sleep, but the slides are really good that it doesn't matter anyway. Exams aren't hard.
5.0 : Cool, funny guy. Makes class fun and interesting. You do the work, you'll get an A. Exactly what a professor should be.
5.0 : Good teacher
5.0 : If you've never taken Sanjay's class, don't tell people you study games at USC
5.0 : Favorite class &amp; teacher so far
5.0 : He is a funny guy who likes video games and to help his students. Honestly one of the nicest people, let alone professors, that I have ever met.
5.0 : Great teacher
2.0 : The worst professor ever in USC. Do not take him
3.5 : Professor Gruner is absolutely phenomenal! He is a very fair grader and very accommodating. He's quite funny though lectures can feel very long. 100% recommend this class!
3.0 : Overall an OK GE- probably on the easier side. LOTS of reading but nobody does any. Attendance is MANDATORY because you need to sign in each day. Gruner is a very unorganized lecturer- he leaves no time to take notes on the power points. Study the night before for midterm and final and spend a few days on the term paper and you'll be fine.
5.0 : If you like History at all, Prof. Gruner is going to be one of your favorite professors of all time. He's one of the foremost experts on the Holocaust and it is clear in his lectures. One midterm, one final paper, and super helpful on both. You can tell he loves teaching this stuff despite primarily being a researcher--incredible guy.
4.0 : I would recommend taking a class with Professor Nack Ngue. Her class requires a great deal of reading and writing, but if you need help she is more then happy to lend a hand. If you take her class it is important to have an interest in the course description as you will be spending a great deal of time discussing and working in the subject matter.
5.0 : Very enthusiastic and fun! She is also very helpful, but a little disorganized at times. Overall, would take her again or recommend.
5.0 : Don't expect to be able to skip or come late to class, because the class is quite culture-heavy and missing even a little can throw you off. She assigns a lot of grammar homework, but it's more tedious than difficult. Her office hours are flexible, and she will help you a LOT if you go in to visit her. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Prof Nack Ngue is so sweet. She clearly loves what she's teaching about. Class is pretty interesting for a GE but gets boring towards the end. She's really sweet though and makes it worth taking.
5.0 : Nack Ngue is incredibly helpful whenever you need it. She is very clear in her lectures, and she is flexible on assignments if you have appropriate circumstances. She gives several opportunities to raise your grade throughout the semester through homework and easy projects. Very sweet, very smart.
5.0 : Dr.Kennedy is absolutely amazing. I wish every professor at USC had her passion. If you are truly lucky to take Dr. Kennedy your life will be changed after taking her class. She has a way with words which make every word feel poetic. She is worth every cent of tuition. Her class is not easy, but you learn a lot. I love ya Dr Kennedy. Fight on!
5.0 : She is an amazing professor with tons of knowledge to get you through the tough stuff. She is flexible and reasonable, but definitely not a push over. She is organized and is really good for those fellow ADHD students out there!
4.5 : Professor Kennedy Is An Amazing Teacher! The Class Dialogues Are Alway Very Rich Which Helps Increase Your Understanding Of The Coursework.
5.0 : Dr. Kennedy Is A Race Expert! This class is essential to you as you walk into the classroom. It teaches you about pedagogy and ideologies of teachers. I without reservation recommend her for this course.
5.0 : THE BEST PROFESSOR I HAD AT USC.  Lots of the students complain about the difficulty of this class. This is an ADVANCED psychology class. Of course it should not be that easy.  Lecture is straightforward and very interesting. Professor. Wood is absolutely a master in his research area.  Pay 120 percent attention at class. Do the readings.
5.0 : AMAZING CLASS! He is an excellent professor. He is very eloquent and his power points are very visual. The material is also very interesting and applicable to your own life!! HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend!
5.0 : Professor Wood is one of the best I've encountered at USC so far. Although the material is segmented you are continually reminded of the more comprehensive picture he is painting. The subject matter is super interesting. The tests are unconventional, but fair. You have to take good notes so attend class. Essays are jokes/easy points.
5.0 : One of the best professors ever. Amazing lecturer-- it's necessary to attend as there's no textbook, but you'll want to. He seems to genuinely enjoy teaching and students' questions. His passion for the material was contagious, even though I didn't go into the class terribly interested. Don't freak out about the testing format, there is a curve.
5.0 : Amazing professor, if you can take Origins of the Mind as a GE then take it with him. Always wanted to go to lecture even though they are not required. Tests can have up to 5 right choices but are not that hard if you pay attention in class; also he gives up to 3% extra credit on final grade. Would take him again for any class :)
5.0 : Antonio is a great guy and a great teacher. He will be very committed to your success as a student and also wants to be everyone's friend. I learned a great deal while in his class, and also really enjoyed being there, even though I had to attend 4 days a week. He is also very reasonable about attendance/missed homeworks. I HIGHLY recommend him.
5.0 : I've had Idini for two semesters now and he is great! Really wants you to learn the material and is a pretty funny guy. Makes a lot of jokes so you don't get bored in class! Highly recommended!
4.5 : Professor Idini is amazing! He is very sweet and helpful, and I learned the material easily with his help. He is not at all strict, but you wouldn't even want to skip his class! He even took us out to dinner at the end of the semester. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Dont pass up a chance to take a class with him.
5.0 : I was very nervous about learning a language that was completely new to me, but Professor Idini quickly put me at ease. Class was always fun and engaging. The techniques he uses really helped me to understand the language. He is very helpful and genuinely wants his students to do well. He is super sweet and hilarious! Take his class if you can!!!
5.0 : A very kind, understanding professor. He teaches well and engagingly. Classes tend to pass quickly (they're interesting :)
5.0 : He is so nice! Loved his class! He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to do well. Would definitely take again!
5.0 : Bennett was arguably my best professor I have ever had at USC. His genuine interest and passion in developing each student still perplexes me. This class single handedly reassured me on getting my business degree and was always a highlight of my week. If you want to get the most of strategy take his class; you will not be disappointed.
5.0 : Very friendly and enthusiastic prof, which is great if you're bogged down by other classes. You get to do a creative project and she's super encouraging and willing to help you organize yourself for the project or understand the readings. Readings can get a little dull later in the semester, but she makes them interesting in lecture. Lots of fun!
5.0 : Excellent professor! You will not regret taking him
3.0 : Funniest math professor I've had at USC. That aside, his teaching was alright. Found it hard to pay attention in class when he was talking about math. I learned way more from doing practice problems.
4.0 : She is an animal lover and sincere to students. She chooses interesting topics. But she doesn't grade as easy as what's said on final drafts, I would rather say a bit harder than average.  Anyway workload is managable.
5.0 : Professor Ross is really great. Her class is a little boring but that's just because it is Writ 150. She is a fair grader and willing to help you improve your grades if you meet with her.
5.0 : Best professor to have for Writ. All WRIT courses have 4 papers but she chooses the prompts. If you put in the effort you will pass. An (A) is determined by your writing not your effort. She gives good feedback and is willing to oversee your paper DAYS before turning it in. Have writing insecurities TAKE HER!!
5.0 : Fun class! Learned a lot about writing and current events. Didn't force personal beliefs on students.
3.0 : Easy class if you're a relatively good writer. Four 5-7 page essays, couple of mini-essays. Was interesting at times, but she doesn't teach much. You usually leave class early, and often don't do anything besides read a couple paragraphs and talk about some issue.
5.0 : Very perceptive about how to improve your writing. Uses Socratic method to encourage discussion.
1.0 : You will not learn anything from her. Tidious and boring and completely waste of my time. People recommended her to me when they took her in Fall, but this Spring she changed her style. Not an easy grader any more.
4.0 : when I took her class there was a book we were supposed to read but I never even opened it and got a B+ in the class. Go to office hours once and she will love you. . She's an easy grader and will literally read your drafts and change everything to exactly what she wants so you get a better grade. I took Identity and Diversity in American Contexts.
5.0 : Best writing 150 professor. Not a hard grader at all. 100% Recommended
5.0 : Very helpful and understanding, mostly interesting and easygoing lectures, reasonable but regular homework assignments, tests are harder than you'd think.
5.0 : Guys, Mama Lisa is the bomb-diggity. She really knows her stuff and she CARES, which is so cool. I've never seen a prof get so revved up in lecture. And ask her all possible questions- she's a veritable well of info/advice. And her son is adorable. If you can, take ENST 320a on Catalina. Life changing #cat320a
5.0 : Killer teacher. She cares and is really clear about everything. Assignments, readings, and tests are totally reasonable.
1.5 : This was the professors first semester teaching Enst 320B. Extremely disorganized, lectures were boring and not helpful. She would test on open ended short answer prompts that would require specific answers to get full credit. Also, the formats of the tests would constantly change, and she would not explain what the format would be beforehand.
5.0 : Loved the "Reality Bites" GESM class I took last fall. Naomi does a great job of curating the readings and teaching you about different genres of short fiction and how they influenced history. I have a new respect for literature/authors that I didn't have before. The short fiction concentration keeps the class fast-paced and interesting.
5.0 : One of the most supportive, kindest teachers at USC. Go to office hours and talk to her about anything. Her class definitely requires reading but not a ton. Grade is based on a midterm, final, &amp;3 papers.  She is a VERY easy grader compared to most writing/ english prof. She is well-versed in all types of lit &amp; class is very informative.
5.0 : Naomi is the best, took her class Freshman Fall and met some of my best friends at USC there. She is good at creating a conversational atmosphere in the classroom. Not the easiest of graders, and there is a lot of reading, but hell, that's what sparknotes is for. Don't let the homework intimidate you, take her class, she will help you succeed.
5.0 : Took her for reality bites this fall, she is a super friendly teacher and actually makes class enjoyable. 3 papers, a midterm, a final, and two readings each week is about the workload you can expect. Not the easiest A but she cares that you succeed
4.5 : Very understanding on homework assignments and there to help you with any essays assigned. Also pretty funny.
5.0 : Absolutely loved having professor Phillips. He let us cater our assignments to personal interested and was so positive during class discussions. He remembers little details about students lives, and is very understanding about assignments. I find him incredibly intelligent, rather funny, and extremely kind. Wants students to have fun while learning
4.5 : Professor Phillips was such a great professor. He truly respects his students and values their opinions; he really encourages the sharing of opinions and open discussion. The topics in the class were very interesting and Professor Phillips had very many interesting stories relating to the class to share. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5.0 : She is an effective teacher who genuinely cares about improving her students writing. I began her class feeling like an avg writer and came out knowing I could write a strong paper. The skills I developed have proven useful in scholarship essays and grad papers. Her class may be challenging, but the time &amp; effort I put in have more than paid off.
5.0 : Dr. Rajamannar is such a sweetheart and an amazing writing professor. You'll work hard in her class, but at the end of it you'll be a much better writer (and probably want her to adopt you).
4.0 : awesome professor, great experience
5.0 : Altho I dont have any slightest interest in helping other students out there, especially when they are premeds..  because this website helped me choose Dr. rajammanar as my writing professor last semester, I decided to be nice. She is  the best writ teacher you can ask for. she won't let you chase her around for an A but she will give you her heart
5.0 : You just gotta show her that you are trying your best. She cares about each and every one of us. She tries to give you as much feedbacks as possibl so that you can get an A.  But if you want an easy A and not learn anything, go for a teacher who slacks and grades arbitrariliy. Dr. R makes you learn and write like a college graduate
5.0 : Professor Rajamannar is very helpful. She takes the time to talk to every student individually, and give thorough feedback. She cares about the students a lot. After taking her class, my writing skills improved significantly. She taught us how to write  and think like professionals by focusing on specific casesevents rather than broad topic.
5.0 : Professor Rajamannar is very helpful. She takes the time to talk to each student individually and gives thorough feedback. She encourages students to research specific casesevents rather than broad topics, which improved my writing skills significantly. If you pay attention to her lectures, you will do fine in the course.
5.0 : Professor Rajamannar is very helpful. She takes the time to give constructive feedback to every student individually. She encourages students to research specific casesevents rather than broad topics, which improved my research, and writing skills significantly. If you pay attention to her lectures, you will do fine in the class.
4.0 : Rajammanar is by far my favorite professor at USC. She genuinely cares about each and every student and if you can get on her good side within the first few weeks, you're set to get a good grade in the class. The essay assignments are manageable and you have plenty of time in between due dates to work on other classes. I would highly recommend her.
4.0 : Professor Rajamannar is a great professor. She is a pretty picky grader, but in a way that forces you to be a better, more detail-oriented writer. Her prompts are also very broad so that you can choose a specific case/issue that you are particularly interested in. Pay attention and you'll learn a lot.
5.0 : I've thoroughly enjoyed Prof Rajamannar's class &amp; am so happy to have taken her. She's fairly relaxed and cancels class pretty frequently (conferences) Genuinely cares about her students. Gives GREAT feedback &amp; advice on how to elevate your writing. Grading criteria is vague, but that's bc of the department. Put in the work &amp; you'll be rewarded
5.0 : Although this is perhaps the hardest class I've taken at USC, I have learned an incredible amount, perhaps more in this class than in any other class here. You cannot do well in this class without very high self-expectations and a desire to continuously improve.  Professor Rajamannar is kind, incredibly sharp, helpful  and super sweet.
5.0 : Professor Rajamannar is wonderful! WRIT340 is notoriously a difficult class, but Professor R made it manageable. She really helped me improve my writing skills and consistently gave constructive feedback. She's extremely knowledgeable and very sweet! Highly recommend her for WRIT340.
5.0 : Dr. Shoemaker is a fantastic writing professor. He gives thoughtful feedback on papers (mine were covered in extremely constructive comments). The grading criteria is very clear from the start. Classes are fun, he has a good sense of humor, and he knows how to keep it interesting. My writing improved immensely during the class. I would recommend!
4.5 : He's fired up and enjoys teaching as well as does a good job communicating.  That said, his grading doesn't make sense.  I'd love to know why my highest grade on any paper was one that I wrote thoroughly inebriated at 4 am the morning it was due, while the one I tried the hardest on got a very mediocre grade.  Don't take him if you want an A
5.0 : I'm possibly one of the laziest people ever and he managed to get me excited for an 8 AM class. He's crystal clear about what he expects and really wants you to succeed. I went his office hours and he would tell me exactly what I needed. Everyone says Writing 140 is horrible but he really made it enjoyable for me.
5.0 : Enthusiastic teacher who excites students even at 8AM. Not an easy teacher but he is there to make sure students learn. Conferences were really helpful and provided an opportunity to understand shortcomings and areas to work on in the writing process. Focus on improving rather than dwelling on past essays. You will be fine if you put in the work.
5.0 : Dr. Shoemaker was an excellent professor. Given the scope of the class, the grading came down to essays (lots of them) and participation during class and in tutorials. He was very helpful with feedback, and he made the class surprisingly cheerful for being early on a Monday morning.
5.0 : Dr. Shoemaker's 112 class was definitely one of the best classes I've taken. He provided extremely helpful feedback during tutorials and on graded papers. While difficult at times, due primarily to the reading load, he was great at sparking discussion that made each class interesting and enjoyable.
5.0 : Professor Shoemaker was hands down the best writing professor I've ever had. My writing has improved in a direction I didn't think possible before taking this class. My advice to anyone who takes his course is to email him your writing and talk to him when you are struggling; his feedback is  amazing and will definitely help guide your writing.
5.0 : He is incredibly enthusiastic about his class and he is invested in helping you improve. It's not easy to get an A. To improve your chances of getting an A, make sure you do the work for the required class and ALWAYS ASK FOR FEEDBACK. He is willing to take the time to help you out so take advantage of that!
5.0 : Took an honors class with him. 1010 would recommend. Take his class. He is a fair grader and is clearly passionate about teaching and genuinely cares for his students. It was an 8:30 AM class and I still ended up looking forward to going to it, which is high praise. He is clear and articulate. Do the work, and you'll get an A or B probably.
4.0 : He is extremely enthusiastic about writing and will make you WANT to work hard to improve your writing style. He has a lot of great ideas and has a unique sense of humor that will make class really enjoyable. He will email you feedback on anything you ask him, at any time. He is there for you and will help you if you work hard.
5.0 : A great teacher. I was in his TO Core111 class, it was a lot of work (essay every two weeks,) but he gave honest and helpful feedback, and was passionate about his work. He was also available whenever I needed it, and was the first professor to actually have helpful tutorial sessions.
3.5 : Your writing will improve, partly due to how much you write and partly because of his feedback. He's not an easy grader, but he's fair. My only problem with the class is that sometimes the prompts were unclear and in tutorials he wanted me to write about a specific topic even if I didn't want to. But overall, he's enthusiastic and nice.
5.0 : Dr. Shoemaker is a fantastic writing instructor! He truly wants to help students improve their writing, and is passionate about what he teaches. Ask for his feedback, because he is always very helpful. He also cares about his students as people, and has a good sense of humor.
4.5 : Excellent professor. I highly recommend his class. He enjoys his job and engages everyone in his class.
5.0 : Great professor. He is very engaging, clear lecture plan, and is approachable to clear up confusion with assignments. Even if you aren't interested in policy he makes the class enjoyable. Plus he has the Ron Swanson laugh so thats a bonus
5.0 : Professor Burklo is amazing. His teaching style is relaxed, but he is passionate about policy and human services. He genuinely cares about the students in his class and creates a respectful and engaging environment. He made policy class fun for a CYF student. He invited our class to his beautiful home in the Hollywood Hills for dinner!
5.0 : Seth was probably one of the greatest professors I have had at USC. He doesn't stick to the syllabus completely, but he only strays away to enhance our learning experience. He is so passionate about the field, and his enthusiasm is so encouraging. He is a new-age teacher, and rather than just lecturing, he makes the class very interactive.
5.0 : The thing that I liked about Amanda the most is her honesty and I feel this is the one class where I feel she respected everyone's opinion and always encouraged discussion. She will teach you to write more fluently but the rest is on you. Just as I am procrastinating on my A5 to write this, just make good decisions and this class will be awesome.
4.0 : She knows and has lived the material better than most instructors out there.  I am in the class right now, and am learning a lot.  You do have to pay attention to lecture and do the readings, but if you do, getting an A shouldn't be a problem at all.
5.0 : It was an introductory class but I learned a lot. Everything you need for tests is in the lectures, which she posts the prezis for online. If you study, you will do well. There is reading, but it is not too long and other assignments are not too difficult. She really knows what she's talking about and has a lot of experience in the field!
5.0 : Awesome class, awesome professor.  Very kind and willing to help, and the class is structured very straight-forwardly.  Expectations are crystal clear and grading is reflected accordingly.  She also has a full-time job as a Deputy Chief of Staff for a member of the LA County Board of Supervisors, so she brings a wealth of real-world knowledge too.
5.0 : Awesome, awesome professor.  She has a genuine interest in mentoring the next generation of public leaders, and has an insane amount of experience in the public sector.  She works for the Mayor of Los Angeles County right now, and her real-world experience makes the class all the more memorable.  Clear expectations and very fair grading!  TAKE HER!
5.0 : Exactly what you would expect out of this class.  She is kind, smart, and funny.  Provides uncommon perspective on public policy issues--she is both an academic and a professional in the policymaking world.  It would be a huge mistake not to take this class with Professor Glasgow.
5.0 : Amazing woman--knows the material inside and out, and explains it in original ways.  Unusually kind and humble for a professor, and brings a wealth of experience to the classroom.  A must-take professor.
5.0 : Great professor, I had her for my Monday night class and somehow she made 3 hours go by quickly. She is a very engaging lecturer and a caring person. She was very approachable and offered advice about internship. Overall I enjoyed her class and think shes a great teacher so I would recommend you take her class given the opportunity.
5.0 : Class has 3 papers (very easy to receive full credit on these), 1 midterm, &amp; 1 final. If you pay attention in class and know the study guide the TAs give for the midterm and final you're almost guaranteed an A. Dr. Glasgow is one of my favorite professors I've had at USC, definitely take her. She's amazing, insightful, and makes class fun.
3.0 : If you're in for a fun and easy time, good luck buddy.
4.0 : Difficult to understand sometimes, but genuinely tries to engage and help students. Slightly annoying but I still learned something. There are better Italian profs at USC.
1.0 : Terrible at explaining concepts, especially grammar. Nitpicks on the essay portion of tests, and essays turned in. Homework is useless workbook exercises.
5.0 : She was such a sweetheart. She really cares about trying to get students interested and engaged in Italian even if most of us only take it for GE credit. Regardless, she was a fair grader and provided the tools necessary to do well. Would recommend taking her if you have the chance.
5.0 : Steve is so awesome. He makes you individualized workout plans based on your goals and keeps the few class quizzes short and incredibly easy. He supplements the workouts with snippets of useful information and answers every question to help you reach your goals. You basically get class credit to work out and have a personal trainer. Would recommend
5.0 : Best language teacher I've ever had. He made class so fun and interesting, and even though classes were mandatory, I looked forward to going! Easy class because he does everything he can to help you. If you have to take Chinese 3, take it with Li laoshi!
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had, he takes the time to help you through every chapter. He doesn't focus so much on grades just more if you put the effort and understand the material. I wish he taught more advanced levels of Chinese!
5.0 : He's the best Chinese professor I've ever had. He encourages students to speak Chinese and cares them a lot. Highly recommended.
5.0 : This is is one of my favorite classes at USC. Professor Magriney is extremely helpful and the class is always very energetic and inspiring. I would definitely recommend this class to anyone who wants to take a fun and useful 4-unit course.
5.0 : He is such an adorable little man who wears bucket hats around campus. Super liberal. Soft-spoken, but effective and interesting. Clearly very passionate about the curriculum and material. Slightly unclear grading, but otherwise great guy. A real gem.
5.0 : Professor Fox is not the most exciting speaker, but he leads marvelous discussions. He is an insightful historian and allows his students to explore their own areas of interests. He is very complimentary to members of the class. Be prepared to speak in class.
3.0 : I don't think there's a way to get an A in the class. Don't take it if you're looking for an easy A. I got a B+ but I probably could've tried harder. There are required textbooks (4 of them) but I got through the entire semester without opening a single one.
5.0 : Professor Ward is incredibly charismatic and interesting to listen to. I'm someone who gets bored extremely easily and often hates my classes but he is so funny, enthusiastic and knowledgable that his lectures are actually pretty fun and enticing. The class is graded on 3 things: a midterm, a paper and a non-cumulative final
3.5 : Ward is very passionate about his work and was a great guy. The class was somewhat interesting; there was heavy emphasis on the Aztecs for the first 5-6 weeks, so the rest of Mexican history/modern culture felt a bit rushed. The exams aren't too bad, but the weighting is awful; midterm/exam/paper are each 30%. Not an easy A, but learned new things.
5.0 : Prof. Ward was really a great guy. It was an interesting class. However, the title is VERY misleading, as the first half of the semester is solely devoted to studying the Aztecs. He doesn't grade terribly hard, but the weighting is awful. Don't expect to get an easy A at all; this was my diversity and ended up dropping my GPA.
5.0 : Favorite class at USC
5.0 : Gangs class was interesting and great. However, half of each midterm and the final were multiple-choice minutia from the readings, never discussed in class, on the guided questions for each reading, or mentioned in the study guides he gave us. Extremely frustrating and easily the worst exams I've seen. Of the type 'why was minor character X' upset?
5.0 : I really enjoyed his meditation GESM. You have to do some reading and answer questions, but you can skim and survive. The papers are pretty easy and he is pretty lenient as long as you clear it with him in office hours. Overall, I enjoyed the class because it felt like self-improvement rather and a chore. I would definitely take it again.
5.0 : Great grader. Classes are fun to attend. Even if you don't do well on the midterm you can make up for it through visiting office hours and getting on his good side. You can get an A just through the powerpoints.
5.0 : Super Interesting. Super easy. Just do the study questions and you have the midterm/final on you're hands. But wait, THERE'S MORE! He gives you almost all the questions. What more do you want? It's super cool, super interesting and you don't have to give it much thought. Essays are easy but a drag. At the middle/end of the semester is the funnest.
3.0 : He's a good, passionate teacher but not about Anth 201. Class is unnecessary to attend so get some friends to sign you in. Midterm and Final are hard and LOTS of reading  THIS IS THE MOST UNORGANIZED CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN, IF YOU GET STRESSED OUT EASILY DO NOT TAKE IT
3.0 : This class is so boring if you don't have an interest in anthropology. The research paper was completely pointless. Just a bunch of reading and pointless work. The teacher himself is fine I guess but the class was such a drag.
3.0 : This class seemed good at the beginning, but it all goes downhill. Both him and the TA are very unorganized. Our papers were so pushed back because clear instructions were not given. Also we were promised a study guide a week before the exam and it is two days before and still no guide. The tests are all straightforward, but only 4 assignments.
4.5 : Professor Ward is a chill guy. Meditation class was pretty interesting - some of the things are confusing because it seems like even he isn't super clear on them. The class isn't super organized either, normally just kind of "out there" lessons but interesting material. Easy to do well. Meditation was good to learn for self-improvement!
4.0 : His lectures were a little disorganized, and he gets excited about ANTH and goes on tangents sometimes. That being said, he makes sure you get a good grade if you need it. Just make sure you go over all the study questions he provides outside of class.
4.0 : Professor Ward provides an entertaining and interesting GE course, and if you are interested in anthropology, you should take his class. He can get off topic, but he has a lot of interesting stuff to say, and he's very knowledgeable. Be warned however, there is a lot of reading involved for this class (if you want to do well).
4.0 : I took the Mindfulness class which was really interesting. He was very nice and understanding throughout the semester. He didn't return any of our papers until after final grades were posted. You will think you have a better grade than you actually do. Lets you miss 4 classes per semester.
5.0 : Best elective you can take for PPD Health Management. Fair and easy grader and brings in all star guest speakers for most classes (high level USC Keck execs). Don't forget to keep up with weekly journal assignments and make sure to do assigned readings because he will come around and specifically ask each person to contribute to discussion.
5.0 : Only GE where I have actually enjoyed the reading enough to do it.  No participation in lecture, but the material is really interesting so you want to show up.  run through the slides a couple time for exams (there are three 40 Q m/c tests and you can get an A- or A in this class. had high expectations for this class and it hasn't dissappointed.
4.5 : This class strikes a balance between teaching the material effectively and still being manageable. He lectures straight from slides in every class and then posts all the powerpoints online which are essentially the main things you need to know for tests. Reading the book is good for a few questions on tests but not really necessary.
4.5 : Very interesting material from a great lecturer. He's hilarious, clear, willing to answer questions after class, and a genuine guy. Generous extra credit for volunteering in psych studies. Did not like my TA, but would still take this class again. Fair exams, just make a detailed study guide and do as much of the readings as possible.
5.0 : Very good. Interesting material, good professor. We usually got out of class early. The tests were unexpectedly difficult, you absolutely have to do the reading. He offers a lot of extra credit, take it! The best way to get extra credit is to participate in psych studies. The class harder than I expected, but also more interesting.
5.0 : Prof. Graham is the homie!!! Lectures are interesting, the readings (Esp. Happiness Hypothesis and Man's Search for Meaning) are dope and insightful. 3 Exams, 1 Final Paper + a debate is all there is. Highly recommend this class/professor. Also recommend to stay on top of your reading and show up to class lectures.
2.0 : The test were extremely hard. Everyone left confused as hell. Even with the curve , most people got b-. I would study all day and still be destroyed by the tests. I wouldn't take again.
3.0 : I thought it was going to be better than the other 311 professors. But it wasn't. I got DESTROYED. There was alot of self teaching and it has hard to keep up when you didn't know exactly was going to be on the exam. Other professors put up relevant practice questions, ours were always super different than the exams. The final was bad too.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at USC.  Super clear, takes extreme care on difficult subjects, and does a really good job tying what we learn in 311 to the way it's used in the world beyond Marshall.  Compared to what I've heard about other 311 teachers, he's pretty easy
5.0 : He is hands down the best 311 professor at USC! 311 materials can be really hard, but he made them really interesting and fun to learn! He is super funny and really approachable. Take him!
5.0 : Extremely funny professor. Makes dry material so much more interesting! Definitely made 311 much more bearable. Midterm was extremely difficult though. But tests were manageable. He hates giving out tests as well. Cool guy. Take him!
5.0 : LOVE this guy. Makes a potentially boring class awesome (or at least bearable). Consistently relates content to real world examples. Flies from his home in Oregon every week to teach this class. If that's not dedication I don't know what is. This guy is dope, take him if you can.
5.0 : I LOVE  HIM!!!! HIROSHI IS LIFE
5.0 : FUn lectures and extremely clear
4.5 : He is a very nice guy and is always there to help. At the end of the semester he tells you your grade ranking compared to everyone else. I was ranked above 47 people in the class out of a 60 person in the class and I still got a B+. Thought I was going to do better. Other than that he is the best BUAD 311 teacher, so take him.
3.5 : He is an amazing teacher. The concepts in this class are really hard, but if you keep up with all the material it is pretty easy. His tests aren't extremely hard, but you have to know the stuff. Take him for 311! Before each test, he will have a video chat conference, so you can ask last minute questions. They are very helpful.
2.0 : He's a solid but tough professor. Gives difficult concepts on tests with little explanation on them. It's always a guessing game with what he's looking for in assignments. I'd try to find another professor for this already difficult class. He's more concerned with how to make himself look good or funny.
5.0 : De Angelo is one of the greatest professors that I have had. I am so happy to have been in his last class, and I really learned so much from him this semester. He is very clear when explaining the material and breaks it down into understandable parts. He also is good at integrating current events into the class. USC will miss him next year.
4.0 : Professor De Angelo reputation precedes him. He is extremely knowledgeable and very passionate about his work and his students. He responds to student emails instantly and is even willing to help over the phone! However, his teaching style does not suit everyone. He lectures for the entire class and has no slides or visual aid.
5.0 : The real deal... Prof Briggs is there because he wants to be.  He focuses on students and helped me dramatically increase my grade through office hours and time out of class.  Lots of stories and real world application.
4.5 : If you have a chance to be taught by Prof. Briggs, even if that means taking an 8am, DO IT! Best class I've taken at USC. He is super insightful and will give a lot of real world advice that is way more helpful than anything you can read in a textbook.
5.0 : Fairytales is a top class at USC and she is one amazing professor! She's intriguing and makes the class v intimate in a socratic &amp; discussion-oriented  class. HW is simply reading fairytales, not difficult but interesting. 3 papers , 2 quizzes, and 1 creative project--she is a writer so grading can be tough but if you show true effort, it's an A.
4.5 : Aimee Bender was by far one of my favorite professors of freshman year. If you're looking for a fun, easy, but also really interesting GSEM to take, take this one!! A couple of papers throughout the semester, and two creative projects. Grades relatively easy, participation matters, reading each night for homework but it's interesting.
5.0 : she is perfect in every way.
5.0 : Alex is indeed a hard grader. But, he is also an incredibly helpful and understanding teacher. I pestered him so many times with my paper - revisions after revisions. He was ALWAYS willing to help. I'm so thankful I got placed in Alex's section because his class taught me how to write and I had the chance to learn from an amazing teacher.
5.0 : Sweetest teacher ever. The class is SUPER easy and she's honestly amazing. She is so knowledgable and passionate--if you want a super easy diversity where you actually end up LEARNING--take this class. You hardly ever do work but the class is great bc she turns it into an open discussion to talk about social issues. ALSO SHES SO AMAZING TAKE THIS!
4.0 : She clearly knows her stuff, though I think students would benefit from more specific feedback (and beware, she's a surprisingly tough grader). On the other hand, Anita is a lovely person, very kind and supportive, which can't be overstated, bc it's much easier to be vulnerable with a nice professor. Also happy to talk w students outside of class.
4.0 : He's a good professor to have.  I felt like he graded fairly, and he was always there to help out.  Not an easy A by any means but getting a B does not require much effort.  Overall I had a good experience with him as my professor.
5.0 : Ben was easily one of the best professors I've had at USC. He really works with you to improve your writing. I definitely think had I not taken his class, I wouldn't have been exposed to certain methods of writing. I'm so glad I took his class.
5.0 : Love this guy! I was totally prepared to ditch this class as much as possible but he actually made me care. There was a decent amount of work, but no more than your average 340 class, and he gives great feedback that makes the final portfolio super easy. 10/10 do recommend.
5.0 : Incredible professor. Has a great sense of humor. He made me want to go to class everyday, and was very relatable to his students. He really cares about exposing people to different styles and forms of writing. You should put in the effort to meet with him and get feedback, as well as critically think about your writing.
5.0 : Ben is an amazing professor. He's super helpful and engaging. I would bug him outside of class all the time for feedback and he was always willing to meet with me. He's the  youngest professor I've ever had and it makes him really relatable and easy to talk to. He really wants you to be a better writer and I definitely improved. Fairhardish grader
5.0 : Take Ben if you really want to learn how to write. He teaches concepts that other writing students will miss out on. He inspires everyone to give 110% in their papers. Go to office hours - he goes out of his way to help you. By no means an easy class, but he will give you an A if your effort pays off. I wish I could take him for WRIT340!
4.0 : He's a decent teacher but I didn't find him  particularly useful. I did all the corrections he gave me on each paper for the next and even went in to office hours several times and he always seemed to just grade arbitrarily. I'd just take someone else if I had the chance.
3.0 : Ben is a great human being but not the ideal teacher for writ 150 if you're just looking to fulfill the requirement. Ben's prompts are very abstract and his expectations are very high because of his writing background. HE IS THE ONLY ONE TO GIVE A ORAL HISTORY PROJECT. Also, he doesn't give extensions or accept late work like other writ profs
2.5 : I took the pre-health class, which I believe he shouldn't have taught. He's a screenplay writer. I had to change my writing style because of him, he's big on grammar and cutting "clutter." He doesn't grade papers in anticipation for content, but grades the minutiae. I went to office hours, emailed lots and still not the grade I aimed for.
4.0 : Very nice. Study grammar, vocab, and listening comprehension!
5.0 : I loved her! She's SO incredibly nice, and super understanding. She's really patient and is a really clear teacher, and while participation matters, she never singles you out - you never have to speak in front of the class or anything. She makes Spanish really fun and clear - definitely my favorite Spanish teacher ever!
4.0 : She's super sweet and helpful. Yes she can talk a little... a lot too fast lol.  But if you just sit there and look confused she gladly clarifies. Shes friendly unlike my previous  high school teachers I really enjoyed class. Minus the online work and oral exams.
5.0 : Overall a pretty easy teacher and super nice. The tests are kind of hard, but the the blackboard homework is a huge chunk of your grade and you can resubmit a few times, so its easy but time consuming. Went in without having taken spanish for 4 years and got an A.
4.5 : I've taken 12 years of BAD Spanish classes until I took 220 with Sarah. She made the class feel very casual and easy. I never felt overwhelmed with the work, and she was careful to make us feel that nothing about the class had to be stressful. Great teacher. I feel very lucky to have gotten her!
5.0 : Portnoy is definitely the best Spanish 3 professor! She is friendly &amp; very helpful. She will gladly stay after class to look over important assignments  compositions and is especially nice if she knows you put a lot of effort into the class. There's also  fun field trip so that's a plus! Txtbk &amp; online code are expensive but necessary for all 220s
5.0 : Portnoy is definitely the best Spanish 3 professor! She is friendly &amp; very helpful. She will gladly stay after class to look over important assignments and is especially nice if she knows you put a lot of effort into the class. There's also a fun field trip so that's a plus! Textbook &amp; online code are expensive but necessary for all 220 classes.
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class. She cares so much about all of her students and caters to their individual needs. She is an easy grader, but still expects you to put in the work. Sometimes the class is boring because you have to get through the textbook, but that is not her fault. That is just how the program is set up.
4.0 : She's really great and was a great step back into Spanish after not having taken it for years. All 150 classes are set up about the same. Knows a lot about the LA food scene and is a kind, caring professor who understands students are at different levels
5.0 : Professor Portnoy is amazing! She is very caring about her students, super easy to connect with, and really fun to talk to. She only cares that her students learn and understand Spanish, so she is not picky with grading. She grades easily. Even if you do badly on tests, homework is weighted heavily to balance out your grade. Definitely take her.
5.0 : Professor Berg was my first english professor at USC, and my favorite teacher period. He's incredibly interesting, and has these completely amazing out-of-the-left-field insights. He makes Emerson and the Puritans actually interesting and relevant, somehow. Outside of class, he was even more amazing - he was INCREDIBLY caring and helpful.
4.5 : I could listen to this guy talk forever. Really compelling material, almost seems like you're listening to a Joe Rogan podcast at times. He's one of those professors who will change the way you think and his GE 5 was quite possibly the best class I've had at SC. Take it.
4.5 : Berg is my all time favorite professor at USC. The first semester I had with him was freshman year, and although he was quite intimidating, my overall knowledge and writing ability improved greatly from solely his class. He is a generally caring and brilliant professor. His classes generally have 3 essays and a final that consists of two essays.
5.0 : Yesterday's Tomorrows could be the most interesting GE5 you can take. This guy is the biggest character ever, so awesome. His unique, cynical, realistic view of life is worth the whole class but when he uses literature, history, and culture to back it up it will blow your mind. You will regret not taking this class. He could change your life.
5.0 : He is my favorite professor; he always keeps a humble attitude; he knows a lot of things, but he keeps learning to bring in more substance to his students; his mindset is even more youthful than most young people nowadays; his curiosity in different culture impresses me; he changes how I see things; he changes my life. I never exaggerate.
1.0 : I found him closed minded, self-important, and insecure. He can't stand to be questioned, and puff's up with anger when you ask tough questions. He teaches about war, which is unfortunate because he seems to be really affected by being in a war and doesn't have enough distance to offer insight into it. I hated his class.
5.0 : Professor Berg has a great amount of knowledge and insight that he contributes to each class and he is always willing to meet with students for office hours. He insists that you read the books, imagine that. You will learn a lot and of course he helps develop the historical context because the text he chooses cannot be read with 21st century bias.
5.0 : Berg is by far the best professor I've had at USC. He provides fascinating lectures, fosters group discussions, and best of all, gives the basis for thought expansion, prompting us all to question why and how we believe what we do. Professor Berg is the epitome of what I believe higher education should be.
5.0 : Professor Berg teaches you in a way that both educates you and pushes you to question the things around him. Taking his class was a bit of a life lesson for me. He's very passionate about what he teaches, and as a student you'll not only learn the answers to his questions, but learn to ask questions as well.
5.0 : Great professor! teaches you to actually think.. go to office hours and ask for help! he keeps the class interesting
4.5 : I've had Berg twice now. He's big on lectures (and swearing). He's got opinions, for sure, but if you aren't easily offended, you can catch onto what perspective he wants you to approach the texts from. And occasionally he'll make a good joke. Word of advice: go into his office hours. He'll really help steer you with your essays.
4.0 : Berg is extremely sarcastic and opinionated in his lectures, and typically lectures beyond the time limit for class...I wouldn't recommend him unless you share his fervent passion for English lit. Participation really matters for this course, so don't expect to get an A if you never speak up. Also, he is TOUGH grader on essays. Go to office hours.
5.0 : Yvonne is the BEST. I'm a science major, and her class was awesome. 4 papers with some small ancillary assignments. She's a tough grader, but all Writ 150 professors are tough, and she really has helped me become a better writer. We wrote about Humans of NY, the Onion, and really cool/interesting things.
5.0 : Yvonne is always willing to answer any revision or content questions about your essay if you email her, and she really does help you become a better writer. Really recommend taking her because I've heard terrible things about other writing professors, and for Yvonne, as long as you work hard and listen to her you'll do fine in the class.
5.0 : She's nice, but I mean... WRIT 150 is just difficult in general whoever your professor is.
5.0 : She is amazing! Great attitude and always encourage students' participation. Grade fairly! unlike all other super hard grader, she won't purposely grade you low to make this class seem hard. She also gave many sample essays for reference. She cares more about structure and overall flow of the essay rather than grammar and stuff. TAKE HER FOR GRADE!
4.5 : Yvonne is a very bright, considerate, and kind professor who does seem to care about her students. Some Writ 150 classes can have an ungodly amount of unnecessary reading, but the reading in this class is not terribly heavy and it always serves a purpose to the paper, and it's usually quite interesting. Yvonne does a a fantastic job teaching!
4.0 : She is though when comes to grade, but she explains really good what she wants in the essay. Get ready to get a c+ in your first essay. If you work really hard and ask her for help, she will do it. Great professor.
5.0 : He's great! His professional experience is supplemented by an Oxford education and deep theoretical understanding of IR.  Class moves a little slow and often focuses on weirdly specific aspects of diplomacy, but is educational nonetheless. Readings are super manageable, tests just ask you to recall facts and the only papers take no outside research
3.5 : Very very hard grader. He expects you to cite authors, titles of articles and page numbers on all the exams.
5.0 : He is a truly valuable connection to make--He worked at the Ford foundation and the UN, so he has tons of real world advice to give his students. He also really cares about you, and your learning experience in college. I highly recommend--he is one of the best professors I've had at USC.
4.0 : Wiseman really is a good professor. It's very clear that he cares about his students and wants them to succeed. This class is a bit participation heavy but if you are shy like me, he is accommodating. The grading for the midterm and final is a bit tough.
5.0 : One of the best professors of IR! He is very knowledgeable and uses real and current world events to explain a topic.  Essays are not that hard but require effort. Look at his resume and you'll know he is an expert with practice experience.
2.5 : Not the greatest prof. I've had. Required office hours but he's not helpful at all. Don't go into this class thinking that he's a seasoned diplomat that'll reveal secrets that might inform you on diplomacy as a career. He was a subpar diplomat who hated his job t so he became a professor. Also makes you buy his book and makes up his own terms.
4.5 : Wiseman is the best professor I've had in the IR department yet! He's very knowledgeable and is always available to talk outside of class. It's a discussion-based class, which makes it much more interesting. It's not easy but his expectations are made very clear. If you pay attention in class and follow his directions you are sure to get an A.
4.5 : kinda need to do homewoooork
5.0 : Professor Adler is the best professor I've had in USC. He is demanding, but grades very fairly and is clear about what he wants. The cases and supplemental readings are always interesting and related to real world issues. If you want to engage in serious critical thinking and have fun at same time this class is definitely for you.
5.0 : Amazing professor! I haven't had a professor who put this much effort  into the students' learning since I finished TO sophmore year. He also very clearly connects the material to real world situations since we have case discussions every week. Extremely applicable class! Highly recommend!
2.0 : Radovich's classes require office hours. If you don't have time to go to office hours, dont take his class.
5.0 : I've had Dr. Radovich for 3 classes (AME 201/309/341A) and he is hands down the BEST professor at USC and in Viterbi. I went to office hours just to talk to him sometimes - he always had something awesome to share, was hilarious and a fair grader, and made lectures/content truly interested and enjoyable. I'm going to miss USC because of him
4.5 : Great class! He is tough, but if you attend lecture, he really makes the material understandable! Overall, great professor!
3.0 : I had him for AME 261 and AME 341. His office hours are crazy, his tests are difficult, and his classes are challenging. He definitely has favorites in class. In retrospect, I think I would have enjoyed another teacher. I wasn't inspired by him. He works you to the bone.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Passionate about the course material. (Who wouldn't be?) Weekly homework assignments and required readings -- Do all of it and do it well. Midterms are easy (3 MT, drops lowest score) if you spend a lot of time on the homework and understand concepts. Group design project at the end is difficult but rewarding; start early.
4.5 : go to his office hours as often as you can if you want to succeed
5.0 : He's simply great.
5.0 : Dr. Radovich is the best engineering professor I've had USC. His lectures are interesting. AME 261 by Dr. Radovich is the reason why aero majors choose to continue to be aero majors. He helps students realize their passion. Weekly homework assignments based off of what you learned in class that week. The group project is not fun
5.0 : Awesome professor. Actually teaches the material and wants students to understand. Also a genuinely cool guy. Made fluids fun and interesting. Would love to have him again.
4.0 : Be prepared to write A LOT of notes. Doing so will be the only way you'll stay awake (monotonous lectures). However, Professor Radovich is knowledgeable and always willing to help.
5.0 : Don't feel bad with yourself when you get 50% of the reports grade. That's the average!
3.0 : This was the hardest class I've ever taken. Jackson is a great teacher. He's really entertaining and very engaging, but I'd rather have him as a friend than a teacher. He makes sure you work very hard and participate in all class discussions, which is appreciated.
5.0 : Jackson was one of the hardest but also one of the best professors I've had at UCI.  He's really funny, he knows how to keep the class interested, and he's really passionate.  I felt like I improved as a writer quite a lot, and I also learned how to do real research, but there's so much writing it's insane!  Granted, this is how 39C is.
4.5 : Writing39A isn't an interesting no matter how hilarious the instructor is. Jackson gives too much homework and some are unnecessary extra homework.  He's indeed charismatic but he  makes me hate writing class more than ever.  If you're international student, do not take his class unless you wanna ruin your quarter.
4.0 : Gives tons of feedback, if you submit an essay without running it by him first youre an idiot.
5.0 : After talking to my friends in other 39B classes, I realize now that I really lucked out having Jackson as my professor.  His classes are a lot of work, but I really improved a lot as a writer. Class discussions were actually not bad and hey, we got to read manga and play video games too!  And dude is a riot in class, not to mention passionate too
5.0 : He's amazing!  Take him.  Best professor at UCI hands down
5.0 : Jackson is the best professor Ive ever had. He's such a real and overall awesome person! He gives a good amount of work but nothing you can't handle and to be honest all the course work is extremely interesting and important. He's a fair grader &amp; gives good feedback. I genuinely enjoyed his class and learned a lot about persuasive writing. TAKE HIM
4.0 : Jackson is such a cool and funny professor. Although he assigned a lot of work, it wasn't hard and it was less than other classes. Writing 39b is a hard class overall, but Jackson made it enjoyable. His class was very organized and he provides a lot of feedback on your work so you could improve. I strongly recommend him.
5.0 : I am only a sophomore at UCI but Jackson has become the best teacher/mentor I've had. He makes you work for your grade but he guides and pushes you to it. I never thought I would be excited to go to class, but this class has made such a big impact in my writing and my way of thinking. Take his class if you can!!
5.0 : Jackson is absolutely the BEST teacher I have had at UCI. He is passionate about teaching, and his classes were truly inspirational an entertaining. He has the power to make students devoted, which is hard, considering that we are all numb in the overwhelming college classes. Do take his course if you have the chance, or you will regret BIG TIME.
5.0 : I hate to repeat what other people  said, but Jackson was the BEST professor I've had at UCI by far.  He's passionate and funny and insanely smart.  And more importantly, he really cares about his students.  I really wish I could take 39B with him.
4.5 : Drawing was a real struggle for me but made me all the more thankful for Professor Phelps as she was patient and took the time to understand where each student was coming from. Participation did not feel like an obligation because of the relaxed environment and her feedback was very objective but encouraging. You receive the grades you deserve.
4.0 : Is super nice &amp; offers good advice. Did lots of fun assignments &amp; explored diff mediums. Classwork and hw pieces are graded. Good attendance is needed to pass. Critiques are done on hw pieces the day they are due. She emphasizes a lot on contextdeep meaning behind work. About 10 hws, no tests, final project &amp; short statement about it. RECOMMEND!!
5.0 : Marianna is a great Spanish teacher!  There are study guides for every exam and the final is not cumulative! The homework is relatively easy (from the book).
1.0 : The material is not impossible but it is very difficult to understand. If you are a native speaker or basically fluent in Spanish you will do fine. A lot of homework. Professor belittles you if you do not understand something or don't get A's on assignments and tests. You can tell she wants you to do well, but she makes you feel bad if you don't.
4.5 : Profesora Chodorowska-Pilch is the reason I've decided to minor in Spanish! She has an amazing understanding of how English-speakers learn Spanish and the typical mistakes made and is clear in her explanations. There is a lot of memorization and hours of homework, but you will emerge a better speaker and writer with more confidence in your skills.
5.0 : The material is sort of complex but she makes sure to go over each concept multiple times and really provides you with what will be on the exam. Good lectures and very kind teacher. Textbook is needed since the homework comes from it. Overall not that much work, just study the study guide and you will be fine.
2.0 : CS109 is a very dry and boring class, and every lecture just became nap time for me. Otherwise, you really only need to re-look at his powerpoints and do the assignments to get an A. Book isn't needed. Decided not to put guest lecture material on the exam cuz they were basically talking gibberish. Just be careful of tricky questions on tests.
5.0 : Sukhatme is awesome! REALLY nice guy.
4.5 : Sukhatme's a cool guy, but the course is pretty uninteresting. Sukhatme explained anything that needed explaining well. Attendance wasn't mandatory semester I took it, but I hear he made it mandatory for later semesters since nobody ever attended the class - doing the reading is more than enough to get a good grade, lecture just repeats the book.
5.0 : Really good lecturer. He explained all of the basic concepts of computer science clearly and at a good pace. His lecture slides were well organized and easy to follow. I still use them to study for other CS classes. Grading was very fair. As a first-time student of computer science, I was glad he was the professor to introduce me to it.
4.0 : CS109 is not a fun class, and it comes across in the material. He tries, at least, and that's something (I guess?) If you have prior experience with CS and the like, get ready for a weekly 2-hour snoozefest. If guest lectures come up, AVOID THEM LIKE THE PLAGUE. Buckle down and get the tedious work done.
4.0 : Tries to make concepts interesting that oftentimes can be boring. If you like computer science you'll probably find the material interesting since it gives you an understanding of the field. Try your best to go to all the lectures because he will put questions on the test from them, even guest lectures. Overall pretty nice guy and an easy class.
5.0 : Dr. Beshir is the most knowledge person and the head of power system courses.  EE444 is very and highly recommend class. No exams in this class,  just 12 homeworks ,2 research project and participantion in class.  If less people show up,  he will make pop quiz.  One thing I don't like that the grader is very harsh and once you judge no clear answer
4.0 : He is very knowledgeable on power engineering, but his lectures are very very boring. I took several classes with him, and the best one he teaches is EE_516. But to be honest, his exams are very easy and usually the average on his exams are around 90!!
4.0 : This course has exceptional amount of information to learn about Renewable energy and future technology. The lectures are very organized and professor is very knowledge to handle all questions. Project is very tough and need preparation . Exams are multiple choices ,essay and calculation problems. The exams are not hard and not easy but very long
3.0 : This class will be hard if you just rely on the lectures. The professor can't make the class interesting and the materials are very important for power electrical student . the book is good reference to learn. Make sure you cover and study all examples in text book chapters and do and understand the homework if you want to get good grade.
3.0 : Dr. Beshir possesses valuable experience from the power industry, and without a doubt is exceptional when it comes to HVDC technology. In terms of articulating this knowledge, I personally find it very difficult to grasp the concepts from his course. As a result, most of my learning was acquired from conducting my own research - mainly thru IIT).
5.0 : The best professor on campus. His class is very well designed and allows you to get good grade. A lot of subject involved. So get ready to spend minimum of 2-3 hours every week on this course and the rest is assured to get a good grade easily.
3.5 : Very knowledgeable, his voice is very low, lazy, his lectures are not very interesting and his exams are easy and straight forward. I recommend him.
3.0 : Im not very interested in policy much, but she's a fair teacher. Not my favorite, we dont really stay engaged during class because she isnt very interesting with the course material. She isnt terrible, but i wouldnt take her again
3.0 : Reina is an easy enough professor. She likes to hand out Bs at the beginning to "make you work harder." She also strays from the USC guidelines for projects assigned to make them how she likes them. Groups are assigned for projects and she pairs good students with bad ones so the good ones end up doing all the work.   I wouldn't take her again.
4.0 : I have enjoyed Prof. Reina's teaching style and class. Only thing that isn't great is her tough grading.
5.0 : Great lectures and made learning interesting.
5.0 : Helpful, Gives good exposure of concepts via projects.
5.0 : Dorine is such an amazing professor! I took her public speaking class and she always engaged the students with meaningful activities. She provided good feedback on the speech so that you know what to improve on next time. Overall, not a bad class. 5 speeches, in-class activities (easy points), and 2 learning assessments. Would highly recommend!
5.0 : I LOVE Dorine! Like most students, I was worried about public speaking, but she creates such an amazing classroom environment. She's so kind and helpful. Although speeches are a lot of hard work, you learn a lot, and if you put the work in, you'll do well, too! Highly recommend her for any class.
5.0 : Dr. Grases is by far the best professor I've had at USC, and quite possibly the most inspirational person I've ever met in my life. I have never met a kinder soul; someone with so much genuine passion for music and sharing it with others. His choirs are fantastic and his students do hard work because he makes them love doing it.
5.0 : Truly incredible guy. One of the funniest people I've ever met, and so much passion for music and his choirs. I always look forward to choir with him.
2.0 : Projects and homework were incredibly long and unclear. Spends a ton of time demonstrating the derivation of certain terms, but little time applying them. Overall, just a class used to scare freshman straight and of little help to actually learning the material
5.0 : Great teacher, passionate about aerospace. Lectures are always interesting. Homework takes a bit of thinking a lot of time but is manageable. High standards, but always willing to help and loves to talk about anything aerospace-related, whether it relates to the class or not.
2.5 : Weekly quizzes and new formulas come out every lecture so don't miss a class or you'll fall behind. Well.... coming to class might not help that much either because you'll still be super confused. The class was way too hard for my first semester of freshman year.
5.0 : So far at USC I've had some of the worst teachers I've encountered but he is by far the best teacher I've ever had.  You have to go to every single class and take notes but he presents the material in a very clear manner.  His notes and classroom lectures are very easy to follow if you pay attention.  You will be lucky to take his class.
5.0 : The last two reviews are spot on. Covers a lot of material, but excellent teacher.  Super helpful in and outside of class.  Really interesting and cool guy.  Answers any questions you have about the material or aerospace in general.  Very fascinating and informative class.  Favorite class at USC so far.
2.0 : One of the worst teachers I've had at USC. He scared te students and is not easy to work with if your confused about something which a lot of the assignments are unclear.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Expects high-quality work and grades harshly but this will help prepare you for upper division classes.
4.5 : Super helpful if you approach him. TA is nice as well.
5.0 : Julia is one of my favorite teachers at USC. She makes French class very fun. I looked forward to going to class everyday. She is drop dead beautiful too!!!
5.0 : She is awesome! Take her! She helps a lot and makes the class really enjoyable!
5.0 : Julia is really nice and super helpful. Language classes at USC are tough, but Julia really tries her best to explain everything and help students succeed as much as she can. You really should not be skipping class unless you really have to, because the class goes fast and you will be missing key knowledge that you'll have to catch up on.
5.0 : Homework daily but it was short and easy. 5 quizzes, actually pretty hard, but managed to get A's on them all with some studying. She's very nice and has good policies for grading and regrading. I liked her a lot and wish she was teaching French 2 this sem. Expecting an A or A-
5.0 : Great professor! You can tell she really cares about her students and wants them all to do well. The class has nightly homework, which is pretty typical of language courses. The tests are of average difficulty but I felt prepared for most of them. Participation and attendance are really important in this class, you have to show up.
5.0 : Professor Ton was a very effective instructor. She was very clear and concise in her explanation of concepts and ideas. She was very knowledgeable and passionate about the material. Course was very well structured and organized. There are in class exercise, online homework, and a lot of materials to cover. Overall,  she's an amazing professor!
5.0 : Clear, organized, cares about students. Made accounting so fun. If you got her class, don't let go
5.0 : She's a great accounting professor that cares about her students. She's well organized, easy to understand, and has one of the neatest hand writing that I have ever seen. The class is pretty intense when it comes to materials, but if you follow lectures and do the home works, you should do well in the class. One of the sweetest professor!
2.0 : First professor I had at the business school, made a horrible impression of business. Ton is quiet and awkward, difficult to make conversation with, almost robotic. BUS 210 is a difficult class, she did not offer as many resources as the other professors did. I think she is nice, but she is low-quality nevertheless. Take the class with another prof
5.0 : Julie creates a really positive and supportive class atmosphere so you can feel comfortable stepping out of your comfort zone. The classes are always fun and start with building basic improv skills until we're ready for full scenes. Grade is based on attendance, being supportive in class, and doing the activities with enthusiasm - easy A!
3.0 : I've had Ozzy for Design 2 and Design Tools. While his classes are easy, I feel like he's very disconnected and not invested in the class. He will give you help if you ask for it.
5.0 : Great design professor. The projects are fun and inspire you to be creative. He meets with everyone individually several times per project to hear your thoughts and help you. One of my favorite classes at USC.
4.0 : Professor Mundi is my favorite at USC. She is a lot of help in giving her feedback for your papers and is available for office hours and responds quickly to emails. She is also knowledgeable about many things in the business/corporate world so her inside information made her an even better professor. I would definitely take her again if I could.
4.0 : Her pet peeve is coming to class unprepared &amp; not doing papers needed to be done. Do your work &amp; the points should add up. I have definitely learned to write better &amp; learned a lot in from her in preparation for interviewing. She's an awesome teacher &amp; is there to drive you to become better writers to survive through college &amp; the workplace.
4.5 : Very sweet professor for the class. She loves her students &amp; is very passionate about teaching therefore lectures are interesting and go by quick. The group project is super fun! You won't need the book totally, but it's always in the library. You need to put in revising time, but otherwise, it's fairly easy.
5.0 : Professor Mundi  is a wonderful prof! The class was actually a pleasure. She's incredibly engaging &amp; has a great sense of humor. The course itself is not very demanding; one paper a week based on cases, three research papers, &amp; a fun group project (blogging). That's it. She's a fair grader &amp; gives you good feedback that can use. Highly recommended.
4.5 : Prof. Mundi is the kind of professor who cares about her students &amp; wants them to succeed! Not a hard class, just a bunch of busy work. Good cases, easy papers, &amp; fun discussions  mostly.
5.0 : Wow! Hands down the BEST professor I have had, and this is my last semester at USC. She's so inspirational and makes you think about brands in a different way. She's funny and the work is manageable if you stay on top! She is understanding and helps you out with anything! I will forever remember this professor! She was AMAZING! TAKE HER!
4.5 : awesome professor. definitely one of the best classes i've ever taken at USC. i'd take the class again if i could. business students if u can take a class by Professor Mundi, do it! papers are chill &amp; office hours are helpful.
5.0 : Like, like, like! It's easy if you follow the prompts. Don't buy the book, just grab an old copy. Fun cases &amp; you get to pick your topics. Never boring. Pretty chill grader, too. Shes awesome!!! Take her cos' class is laid back with   lots of useful information.
5.0 : Professor Mundi makes her class extremely interesting by exposing you to real world problems and expecting practical, viable solutions. She is all about trying to improve your critical thinking and problem solving abilities. If you truly want to perfect your writing and acquire useful skills to use in the business world, TAKE HER!!
5.0 : Very helpful &amp; went the extra mile to help students (even when the time was up).  Encouraged student interactions &amp; participation. Very personable &amp; makes business writing far more interesting &amp; less intimidating, which is what some students kind of find. Fair grader. Follow the lectures. Group project was way easier than other courses.
5.0 : Professor Mundi is an excellent professor, who is extremely exceptional at what she does. She gives great lectures and is very hands on and helpful, to ensure that she gives the best chance for students to succeed. Overall, a must take Professor at USC in writing 340.
5.0 : Great professor whose authenticity is visible throughout the class, and will do her best to help you succeed and learn. Quite a bit of work, but nothing impossible. As a non-marshall student, I learned a lot about business and the real world and improved my writing too, even though I was already a strong writer.   Overall: recommended, 5/5.
5.0 : Lectures are very clear. You'll love her style (interesting!) if you're not into boring ppts. She expects participation as it is part of the grade, but it will help build your critical thinking &amp; collaborative skills. Very professional &amp; really wants you to do well. Overall, a great class, but you have to do your part in scoring that A grade.
5.0 : The class wasn't too difficult during the semester. There were 3 major papers + a group project. Weekly assignments, but they're interesting &amp; are meant to practice your writing. Practice, participation &amp; re-writes are the key to an 'A'. But well worth the effort. Will help with cover letters right off the bat. Friendly &amp; engaged prof, overall.
5.0 : Dr. Mundi was and still is to this day one of my favorite professor's at Marshall! She is highly energetic in her lectures (never monotoned), the subject gets interesting, she teaches it well (very detailed &amp; clear), &amp; she runs the class well (good time management) You'll learn a lot &amp; have a lot of fun in this class. Be prepared to write!
5.0 : This was a really fun class for me. It was mostly just 3 papers &amp; some weekly assignments. She gave some really good lectures and I overall enjoyed the class. There is also a group project, which can bump your grade  if you aren't a strong writer.
5.0 : I honestly learned so much about how to be concise with my writing and effectively convey my message to my intended audience. I also loved that she incorporates her expertise in marketing and communications into the analyses of different case studies. Expect yourself to be challenged and grow your critical thinking skills.
5.0 : Good class. Easy papers. You get to choose your topics, too. I dropped from another Marshall version, but this was more managable with the time assignments load &amp; time.
4.5 : I only have positive things to say about this Ms. Mundi. She is there for you &amp; her lectures are amazing. One of the best professors I have ever had at USC and especially considering how young and fun she is. Keeps students engaged and is super lively, gives real world advice &amp; is entertaining. Puts the perspective that teachers are people, too.
5.0 : Professor Mundi is my absolute favorite teacher I've had while at Marshall. She is really cool, and knows how to get a laugh out of her students. Her lessons are very clear and precise and most papers are easy enough. Her great sense of humor really made it more enjoyable while learning, as well as her great knowledge of the material.
4.5 : Wonderful professor. If you have a decent ability to write you will pass. She makes the work easy but you will have to read cases &amp; write almost every week. Group project is a break, which helps with the sked. Worth the effort, though if you plan on writing weekly &amp; get help from the Writing Center!
5.0 : By far my favorite professor I've had so far! She gave me a lot of inside advice about my industry and even helped me get contacts so I could start networking with possible employers. She was always interested in what I had to say and was invested in helping me achieve my future goals. Overall great fantastic with this professor!
5.0 : The most incredible professor I will probably ever have. She captures the room and is inspiring. She brings out the potential in all of her students and pushes you to become better in all the essays we wrote. I wish she taught every class I had to take, try your best to be in her class because she will change your mindset in every way.
5.0 : By far my favorite professor at USC! She makes the class fun and engaging - with memos about Chris Brown and other current events.   As well as, no lengthy 10-page paper! Instead, you can design your own corporate blog!  She also gives you the option to pick your favorite papers for portfolio! So, you don't settle for a topic you don't like. :)
5.0 : Professor Mundi never failed to make a class fun and relatable. The content she teaches in class will surely be useful for your career. Gives good constructive feedback that helped me improve and always there when I needed her.
5.0 : Professor Mundi is very friendly, kind, and helpful. Instead of making you dislike writing, she makes the class fun by focusing on current news and trends, and by relating the material to us. You need to attend class, do your work, and work hard to get a good grade, but you definitely learn a lot and I saw my writing improve over the semester! :)
5.0 : Professor Mundi is an excellent professor who takes the time to provide in-depth feedback on all of the papers for class. I really feel like I became a stronger writer for the business world as a result of taking her class. I would highly recommend taking this professor for your Writ 340 course.
5.0 : Professor Mundi makes you think outside the box and all her assignments allow you to choose a company/industry you are interested in, which is very helpful if you are preparing for a job interview. I did my Business Strategy Memo (assignment # 1) about the company I applied for and that was a perfect interview preparation. Go to writing centers!
4.5 : Prof Mundi is an awesome professor! Lectures are mandatory but trust me, you will want to go to class! She explains everything really well &amp; makes the 50 min class go by fast! I absolutely loved this class. There is a group project, which isn't a 40 pg paper (thank God). Highly Recommend!
5.0 : NON-MARSHALL MAJORS: If you are afraid that taking business writing will be too hard, DON'T BE!! This class is helpful in terms of critical thinking and problem solving. You learn how to package your information the right way. Professor Mundi is really good about helping you out, she's absolutely incredible, TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Nothing neg. to say about her. Helpful, responds timely to emails. Was recommended to take her but a former student and I don't regret it one bit. One of the best Writ 340 prof. at USC. Research papers mostly. Listens to you, answers questions and helps you learn. Not an impossible workload. But you do improve your writing straight away.
4.5 : Absolutely awesome. She is funny and makes marketing and writing interesting. You write more during the beginning of the semester but it isn't that much compared to other sections on you're at Marshall! Group project was pretty chill. She's really a nice prof and really helpful, too.
5.0 : Professor Mundi is one of the best writing instructors I found at USC. I dropped one class and got into this one and it was so worth it. She's incredibly patient, kind, and always willing to help. I am sad I won't have her next semester :( TAKE HER!!!!!!!
5.0 : At first I was concerned about this class since Im not a business major, but Professor Mundi does a great job engaging students and explaining concepts/projects. She has high expectations for students, but grades fairly and gives helpful feedback. Take her class - you wont regret it!
5.0 : She's an amazing teacher. You will learn more than just writing. Super knowledgeable and experienced. Don't expect to BS a paper since they are very evidence and critical thinking based but will actually help a ton for your career. Always willing to help.  You can use the book on reserve or in her mailbox (you'll only need it a couple times)
5.0 : Professor Mundi is one of the best professors that USC has! When you take the WRIT340 class, take it with her! You will have to work hard to get an A, but you will walk away from this class learning a lot more because of her, no matter what grade you earn. I would definitely take this class with her again! Professor Mundi is the best!
5.0 : He's awesome. He doesn't take attendance at lectures but I wanted to go anyway because he's so entertaining. He can be tactless at times but overall he's funny and very helpful. He tries to make sure that everyone passes.
5.0 : Class is 1 midterm, 2 papers, 1 final; extremely engaging, great information, if taking a GE and interested in biblical archeology and history take this GE. Highly recommended, and the powerpoint are very easy to follow and use for your exams.
5.0 : Garroway's "Judaism" course is really easy, and his lectures are great. Always says some sarcastic jokes and gets off-topic easily. 2 easy midterms, a final, and two short papers is the whole grade. If you want to learn about Judaism, this is the class to take. If you are Jewish, easy A, you'll know enough to get by but you'll learn a lot too.
5.0 : Awesome professor, knows a lot about Judaism and the intricacies of historical events and religious processions. Lectures are kind of long, but if you are interested it's definitely worthwhile, most people in my class weren't even Jewish and they liked it. It's also pretty easy and you don't really have to do the readings. Would def take again.
4.0 : Profesor Garroway was great! He is extremely knowledgable about Jewish history and frequently makes references to pop culture in order to explain the material. I didn't know anything or have an experience with religion before taking this class but it's definitely a good GESM to take.
5.0 : Prof. Garroway's class is very interesting. He's a funny dude who has a passion for  what he teaches and is interacting. He has a show up to half the lectures policy, but the information he gives during the lectures will more than likely show up on the exams. Two Papers (4 opportunities to write them, you choose which two)
3.0 : Messiah: the history of an idea sounded interesting for GE5. But--confused during lecture bc he covers a lot of Jewish ideologyhistory wo using ppts &amp; rarely uses the board. A lot of books to read  but u only read certain parts. the midterm wasn't bad but the final was awful. 2 essays are a pain. It could be interesting at times. i would avoid.
3.0 : Professor Garroway was a not bad professor. Funny at times, but tests are a case of memorization rather than taking in the information. Not always clear of the events that were taking place in Jewish History, easy class to zone in and out of. Not the worst GE class out there
4.0 : Really nice professor and great lecturer. Class is curved to a 87/86. This makes you work really hard in order to get an A in the class if you have no prior knowledge. Pretty hard for a GE but definitely fair. 25 % Final, 25% Midterm, 15% X 2 essays , 5% x 2 quizzes, 10% discussion. Exams - short answer (NO MC), essay, timeline, sources ID (hard!!)
3.0 : You have to really study to get an A in the class. Really hard to get a B or A if you do bad on the midterm and quiz like I did. So many Jewish terms and people you need to memorize. In order to do well on your 2 required papers, see the TA. It'll help significantly if you want to get an A. Class consist of 2 papers, 2 quizzes, 1 midterm, and final
4.0 : Professor Garroway is one of the smartest people I've ever met. He is incredibly knowledgeable and passionate about the subject, and that is clear in his lectures. Attending lectures is highly suggested, even though he posts notes since he elaborates on them a lot in class. The assignments were really simply and midterm/final were straightforward.
4.5 : I highly recommend taking JS100. Professor Garroway is incredibly knowledgeable about Jewish History, funny &amp; passionate about teaching his students. Lectures not mandatory, but the midterm &amp; final are on lecture notes. It's a lot of information, but it's interesting, important to know &amp; totally doable. 1 midterm, 2 two-page essays, and 1 final.
4.5 : He is a really great professor. He makes all of the lectures interesting and he alway ties Jewish History into pop culture and he can be pretty funny. He is really easy to like and respect and if you go to class and pay attention (which isn't hard) you'll do pretty well in the class. I would definitely recommend this class and professor.
5.0 : Professor Garroway is hilarious. Best tangents ever and works modern pop culture into lectures to keep students engaged.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Very willing to work with you and open minded to new ideas about a film. Not afraid to learn more about her students and share her personal favorite films. Very diplomatic during debates. Papers should be easy to write as long as you pay attention.
5.0 : Professor Bowers is by far the greatest professor I have ever had. The first half of the semester was really intense, and I considered dropping the class. I am so glad I stayed. If you want to learn how to mix, this is your guy. I learned so much from him, and I now mix for a living. Studying with him is like winning the lottery. Amazing guy!!!
5.0 : GREAT professor! Super clear and makes writing class fun.  Always willing to help with essays.  The only downside is that he's a bit of a hard grader
4.0 : Prof. Condon was a great professor, he knows what he is talking about and his topics are interesting to write. Sometimes it can be hard, makes you think; but I've enjoyed 140 with him and it definitely has made writing more appealing.
5.0 : Loved it! Made Writing 150, a class most people hate super enjoyable. Tough but fair grader, but he's always available and super helpful. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Great teacher and even better guy, he really wants you to learn and enjoys helping you.  Also very interesting material.
5.0 : Professor Condon is a teacher that makes a hard class enjoyable. No matter what writing 150 class you will take, it will be hard.
5.0 : She is amazing! Would definitely recommend
3.5 : Dr. Lee was a great teacher, he taught us an online class through the South Carolina Governer's School of Science and Mathematics.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, very nice and realistic expectations for the class. Funny, great examples, flexible to meet with. One of my favorite professors at USC.
4.0 : Great guy who is more than knowledgeable in the CHE field. Throws in many jokes. Homework is hard, but he exams are pretty straight forward.
4.5 : Ted Lee is an amazing professor. His lectures are straightforward and easy to follow, and he has lots of entertaining anecdotes to share with his students. The homework was a little tricky, but definitely prepared us for the exams. I was unsure about continuing with ChemE, and Professor Lee inspired me to do so. Amazing professor.
5.0 : I had Professor Lee for my engineering academy and he was awesome. Really engaging in lectures and very helpful with anything. He is also very friendly and has a sense of humor. Class is super easy and he will pass you as long as you aren't a super lazy person. I had him for an academy so I don't really know how he is in a real engineering class.
5.0 : Professor Lee is honestly the best. He's really funny and his lectures are so straightforward and easy to understand. If you pay attention in lectures and do the homework, you'll pass the class.
5.0 : Helped me get a job.  This is the most important part of our program.  Would highly recommend.  Cares about students.
5.0 : Best class in the business school. It teaches you to own your career and what it means to be in the right job. Show up to each class or you will mss things you might need to know. Great teacher and he helped me find an internship.
5.0 : Every student at Marshall should take Snyder's class.  He created it and it sounds like it's his baby. Knows tons about how to find the right job emphasis on "right". I have a plan to follow that makes it a lot more focused. Plus I have a crush on him!  Awesome class!
1.0 : Don't bother taking this course, you will not learn anything and get a bad grade unless he likes you. I got a C+ and only missed one class and participated and presented good speeches. I would suggest taking it with a different professor unless you are willing to ruin your G.P.A. What he thinks of you on the first day is you're grade. AVOID
5.0 : I was putting off taking this class because of all the presentations and bad experiences I heard about grades.  Snyder is changing my mind and I wish I took it earlier.  Yes, lots of speaking but he makes it OK because he explains why it's important and gives good tips to improve.  Lots of articles but they are short and current.
5.0 : Very useful class and most helpful professor I have had at Marshall. Semester isn't over but I have already been hired for an internship I wanted because of the speaking skills from this class. Totally helpful and always available. Great speaker and makes class fun.
5.0 : This class really gave me a good insight on possible career paths after college. Kirk is willing to help at every turn. The class has a few projects, but nothing you can't do overnight.
4.5 : He's a great professor, you learn a handful of intangible skills in his 252 and 302 class. Snyder is more than willing to help, extremely cordial, and professional. "Easiness" is subjective, if you want a 4.0 like I did, 302 is extremely tough. He seems really chill with grades, but he hardly gives A's out, so that was stark. B+ &amp; A- are attainable
5.0 : He's awesome. I was trying to join his class late (three weeks) and he jumped through some hoops to help me out and get me in. He's funny and keeps you smiling through class...which was good for me because Pro Tools is not a strong suit of mine. He is super smart and knows his stuff. I learned so much in his class and recommend him. He's great.
1.0 : While knowledgable about the music industry to the extent that's required, he's not a great person and his teaching methods are notably disorganized and ineffective. His unnecessary comments and jokes really fall short and waste time. I really wish the university wouldn't make classes he teaches mandatory; avoid if possible.
5.0 : Easy A. All exams are online. You actually learn a lot and it was interesting.
5.0 : Mr. Gutierrez is such a great teacher. He truly cares for all his students and wants them to be successful. I enjoyed his class so much and I'm looking forward to this Fall. Thanks to him and all his help my goals are so much more clear.
5.0 : He is knowledgable about what he teaches and breaks it down well. He is also very organized and tests are on blackboard.
3.0 : Nice guy who is always willing to help. Extremely knowledgeable. Not a great intro teacher as he moves too fast when teaching. He would be a lot better for an upper level course when everyone knows the basics. Oh yeah and he's an easy A.
5.0 : He's a great teacher, I enjoyed the class, and learned so much!
5.0 : The class is fun and he makes Audio Recording understandable.
3.0 : Possibly the easiest class I will ever take/have taken in my academic career. The lectures contain some interesting material if you're into music production or engineering. All of the slides, quizzes and tests are online, so going to lecture isn't critical. He takes attendance, though, and too many absences can lower your grade. Easy A.
5.0 : Mr. G is a great professor and all around an awesome guy. You can tell he genuinely cares about his students and is always there is you need help with the material. However, the material is so easy that you will most likely never need to see him outside of class. Gives many online quizzes, but they are super easy. Great class, would recommend.
5.0 : He taught this class with extreme patience and clarity and it was incredibly informative. I look forward to taking MTEC 446 next semester with him.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had here at USC.
5.0 : Prof. Camara is very clear in explaining everything in econ. Without a doubt best professor for 351 at USC.
5.0 : Camara knows what he is talking about and is hard but an amazing professor.  I really learned econ and ENJOYED it.  His tests are always the same and once you get a hang of it, it is easy to do well on! He gives you all the material for you to ace them, just take advantage of it! No surprises! He is the best and if you work for it you will do well!
5.0 : Professor Camara is a bro, simply put a great professor, very clear and helpful, it was a pleasure being in his class, all my friends in the class agree
5.0 : I've recently started the course and we have taken Quiz1 &amp; are about to take Q2 in two week. Honestly this is an easy course if you put in work. He gives you the tools needed to pass the class all past exams, HW w/answers, plus very great examples. I rewrote my notes, did the HW, timed myself in all past exam, went to tutoring, &amp; I got an A in Q1
5.0 : This Professor is the Econ Wizard! Best professor hands down, multiple chances for a good grade, just be ready to do the work. Gives you ample material to prepare for all quizzes! Like i said.. Econ Wizard right here!
5.0 : Great professor, really cares about teaching. Must do practice exams to do well in this class.
5.0 : BEST ECON PROFESSOR. BEST USC PROFESSOR. I got super lucky to take his ECON351x in my freshman year and absolutely loved him. 4 tests and 1 final, drops the lowest. He teaches you everything you need to know to do well on the test. Simple and straightforward. Wouldn't say it was EASY, but definitely FAIR. LOVED HIM!
5.0 : He gives very clear instructions to his students on what is expected to receive an A. He keeps lectures interesting and is overall a great professor! Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Camara is the perfect professor. I think that he is flawless in his job. His lectures made me happy and I was always looking forward to his class. I would say that he is one of the best professors at USC, and if you get the chance you MUST take him. I am forever in love with Econ because of the Econ-master from Brazil, Odilon Camara!
5.0 : He's a great professor. He gives out practice exams and you get what you earn. He's an enthusiastic teacher and he brings in real world examples to make class fun. He doesn't teach in the fall but it's worth waiting for the spring to take micro with him.
3.0 : He did a lot of conceptual work while not explaining much of the applications. Issue is the exams were all applications. Some tests were very hard and some were easier, he tries to even it out. He also curves. But I studied like 20 hours a week for this class.
5.0 : He is tough but fair, and I recommend taking him for Micro. Grades are based on tests and quizzes but he puts up practice tests beforehand that have 90% of the exact problems on them. There is also HW but its not checked. Put in a decent amount of effort and you'll get an A
5.0 : Econ at USC can be hell if you take other professors.  Not so if you take (Saint) Camara.  Probably the best professor I've had thus far at USC : he can make any difficult concept seem like child's play-- it's incredible.  Need to get an A? Don't need to study or do homework.  Just need to take a couple practice quizzes and you're Gucci.
5.0 : Very helpful teacher. Course material is somewhat dull, but if you do ALL the practice questions he provides, then you will be fine. Most of the questions are repeated from previous years. Strongly recommended to take from Prof. Camara.
5.0 : Really cares about all his students. Study hard. Do your homework. Master every previous quiz and pay attention in class and you will get an A. Camara is one of the best teachers at USC. You are lucky if you get him as a professor.
5.0 : Best professor at USC!! Honestly, take his class.  Econ 351 is already a hard class and Professor Camara makes it easier to understand.  Always do the homework and past quizzes!  That is the best way to prepare!
5.0 : For many people Econ 351 will not be an easy course no matter what professor they are enrolled in. That being said Professor Camara is a sharp and passionate man who understands the needs of his students and delivers on them. If you are someone who struggles with Econ he is your best shot at getting a good grade and understanding the subject well.
5.0 : LOVED professor camara! he was the best econ 351 teacher. our whole class was very lucky to have him bc all the other classes were getting C's and D's on tests, but he posts his past exams on blackboard so that you can study from them.  and each test he post is EXACTLY like the quizzes and midterms in class. STRONGLY RECOMMEND
5.0 : Camara is the best! Take him for Econ 351! He has a lot of tests, but if you study and take the practice quizzes, you will get a good score. He explains economic concepts clearly using examples and answers all questions easily. He puts a lot of work into his class and expects you to do the same, but if you do, you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Great teacher.  Probably the best teacher I've had so far here at USC.  not an easy class,  Prof. Camara actually cares about his students and wants them to genuinely learn the material.  Keeps the lectures interesting and explains things well, but if you want, you never have to go to class
5.0 : This can be a confusing subject just given the math involved in a lot of the concepts, but Professor Camara explains everything extremely clearly and slowly. He constantly reviews concepts from previous lectures and provides tons of materials to practice and study from. As far as this course goes at USC, Camara is the best professor.
5.0 : great class, definitely suggest having prof. Camara if you have to take 351, much better than what I heard from my friends with other teachers
5.0 : Camara was the best professor I've had at USC. He explains everything in his lectures really well and will help you understand if you still don't. He puts past quizzes and tests online and they reflect the level of difficulty and material that are on the current quizzes and test.
5.0 : Take Camara if you can!  He puts out a bunch of practice tests online which help so much when it comes to taking the actual test. Best professor for 351 by far!!! Use the textbook for sure to help clear up things you don't understand, and DO THE HOMEWORK. Even though he doesn't grade the homework, it helps so much to do it.
5.0 : I thought the class was very straightforward and no surprises. If you attend lectures, do the homework, and study, you will definitely get the grade you deserve. The class is structured where you won't ever waste your time studying because everything relates back. Economics takes time to learn so put in the effort and you will get what you put in.
4.5 : Be very suspicious that the last 5 positive comments were written on the same day.  I just finished his course-- while he is a fantastic lecturer, the course is extremely difficult.  Camara does his best to assist students, but don't take his class under the impression that it'll be easier to get an A in his section, it won't.  Great teacher though
5.0 : The best ECON professor at USC. Possibly one of the best professors at USC, period. He is very passionate about econ and somehow manages to make microeconomics interesting. You don't even fall asleep in the 2 hour lectures. He gives out all past exams and homework for practice so you know exactly what's on the tests. Study and you'll get an A.
4.0 : Camara is a genuine guy who truly has a passion for economics that is reflected in his teaching. With that being said, the class is extremely difficult! Be prepared to put in countless hours of studying. Four quizzes, midterm, &amp; final. He drops the lowest quiz. This class is NOT easy by any means. If you want to succeed you have to work very hard!!
5.0 : professor camara is amazing. he gives a bunch of past quizzestests (about 5) and homework. if you do all of these and understand the answers, you will definitely do well in the tests and the class. he is very very fair. he is very helpful in office hours and loves to help. definitely would take again. hope this shows up on his first day slides LOL
5.0 : Cannot stress enough how important the practice exams are. Go to class, PAY ATTENTION AND PARTICIPATE IN CLASS, do the practice tests, and make an effort to see Camara if you are having any issues. He is very clear and helpful. Highly recommend him! Hope this review ends up as a testimonial on his first day of class powerpoint hahaha
5.0 : I loved taking Professor Camara's class, and would recommend him as a professor to anyone! You should expect to listen attentively in class (no cellphones allowed!!!) , take notes, and earn a high grade as long as you study the RIGHT way. If you want an A in the class, Camara really gives you clear instructions every step of the way.
5.0 : Professor Camara cares a lot about his students and gives you everything you need to be successful. If you study very hard, you will do well. This class requires a lot of effort to succeed but his grading system is extremely fair. He is a great lecturer and it is clear that he is passionate about the subject. Overall, he is an excellent professor.
5.0 : This class is really challenging and requires a lot of effort to do well in, but is definitely worth it. Prof. Camara provides you all the tools you need to succeed and truly cares about his students doing well! One of the best teachers in Marshall!
5.0 : you are extremely lucky if you get to be in his class. cannot stress more about the importance of the practice exams. do them over and over again until you get every single question. just wished he opened more office hours because everytime they are just full packed with students, and sometimes you don't even get to ask your own individual question
5.0 : Great Professor! I really enjoyed coming to his class, and he made the difficult subject easier and more fun! I'll highly recommend him! Study the past quizzes and you'll do great. All quizzes are very similar to his past ones just with different numbers. Very fair!
5.0 : Was actually extremely hard. Changed his curriculum because all his students known his class to be easy
4.0 : She is the sweetest lady in the entire world and  really loves teaching the class. She does assign a lot of bookwork and if you really want to learn Spanish you'll have to work a lot outside of class. She grades extremely easily, I finished tests thinking I'd for sure failed and got A's on most of them. I'm horrible at Spanish but I did well.
5.0 : Take her!! She truly cares about her students and makes Spanish less painful.
5.0 : TAKE HER. She is a wonderful professor, very friendly, and will answer all questions.  The only downside (whole department from what I understand) is that you are LEARNING the language BY YOURSELF. Need to do blackboard- if you ask her she will open up answers. Tests are doable- just put vocab and conjugate properly as much as possible. VERY EASY.
5.0 : This professor Rocks! I hated Spanish 1 and struggled. But she made it fun and somehow I learned more. She is a light grader and very easy to please. She is a sweet and kind professor who loves what she does and cares about her students. I went from dreading Spanish to enjoying it. Do take her!
4.0 : I don't know what happened, but I've learned more Spanish from taking her class than all my previous classes combined. She's incredible!
5.0 : The most amazin Spanish class I've ever taken. So patient, clear, understanding and genuinely takes an interest in what you're interested and connects it to Spanish in whatever way she can-- really helps with learning the language. Would highly highly recommend her!!
5.0 : Consuelo Siguenza-Ortiz is the sweetest and most helpful lady I've ever had the pleasure of taking a class from. If you're taking any level of Spanish, you MUST have her
5.0 : I have legitimately created my entire class schedule for the past three semesters around having this woman teach me. Consuelo or bust is all I gotta say. If you don't think that angels are real, you'll change your mind after you realize who you're dealing with here.
5.0 : Prof Siguenza-Ortiz is truly amazing! She is the best spanish teacher I have ever had. Always is clear and friendly during class. She really wants all of her students to do well. Really really amazing! Take her!!
4.0 : This professor is amazing! I never liked Spanish but learning with her I decided to take another semester and I do not regret it. She is kind, clear and with work with you on any issues you may have. She is not hard but you do need to speak in groups almost every class. No pressure is put on you however. Take her!
3.5 : Clawson is a very fun dude but I think sometimes people confuse that to equate to good teacher. He tends to vaguely point out shortcomings without an attempt to offer alternate suggestions. He's also the rare breed of writing teacher who allows his personal genre/tonal taste to cloud his notes. Fun to talk to but don't expect a single helpful note.
4.0 : Such a fun guy! Definitely take him if you get the chance. He gives really good feedback on all your work and is always available outside of class if you need him. He creates a sense of family in the classroom which I really like - he steers clear of making things competitive. Also just a really funny nice person in general.
4.0 : Clawson is the best! I'm so glad he is teaching at LMU. He really wants you to succeed and understands that we are new at this, and he only wants to help you do your best work. Take him!
5.0 : I loved Professor Clawson's class! He gives quality, honest feedback (even if it hurts sometimes), but he taught the basics of storytelling so well, and he's super funny too! Warning: he takes grammar very seriously, so you will definitely learn to use your commas!
5.0 : Clawson is actually my favorite professor I've ever had!! He's hilarious and honest and if you're writing sucks, he will tell you--but he'll tell you in such a funny way that you have to respect it. He may occasionally yell the word "IS!!!!!!" at you if you use passive voice in your writing but still. Not just a great professor but a great person.
5.0 : Easiest GE ive taken so far... no need to to take it pass/no pass. If you go to lectures you really wont have to study much, he allows a cheat sheet in exams as well! Labs are a must but are easy!! Interesting topics and good teacher! Worth it!
5.0 : I have never rated a professor before but in the case of Professor West, he should receive some type of award. Honestly, his Energy Systems course is absolutely phenomenal!! Definitely take this course with him, if you can. By far my favorite professorcourse at USC. Thank you Professor West!!
3.5 : Indeed, He is a nice professor and respects student really well. Plus, you can use one side of cheat sheet on the tests, not quizzes or in-class writing. However, using cheat sheet means the test is really detailed and you need to know everything on the powerpoint! There are literally so many things to do -quiz,lab,in-class writing,presentation,etc
4.0 : No homework, two midterms and a final, all open note. Just take notes during lectures, no attendance though. No textbook.
5.0 : Prof West is a great instructor and this class offers highly valuable and interesting information that every educated person should be aware of. The course isn't very difficult, you get to use a cheat sheet on exams and they aren't too hard anyway. Be sure to attend lab sections as there are quizzes every week. I highly recommend this GE course.
1.0 : Prof. West is a very dry lecturer, doesn't really help with questions in class, and on midterms asks that you know irrelevant answers (the 3 buildings on campus that were named after oil tycoons) that don't contribute to your understanding of the course material. TAs are better help, but not by much.
4.5 : Easy material, tough class
4.5 : I'll make this short. If this class is open when you're looking for a GE4, take this one.
4.0 : pretty average GE, no reading and lectures aren't mandatory. labs are mandatory, and there are a handful of short homework assignments. the tests are very detailed though, so it's not a super easy GE if that's what you're looking for
2.0 : Took this class based off of the reviews on here. If you want a easy GE don't take this. Professor West's tests are so difficult and he barely talks about stuff on the study guides. He doesn't explain things well nor does he make the class easy. Don't take this class! It's not even like a geology course it's more like chemistry, it's AWFUL
3.0 : I took this class based on rate my professor &amp; it was honestly really misleading. I thought this would be an easy A, but it wasn't. I didn't think West was a bad professor, but his tests were so hard &amp; the TA's were harsh graders for no reason. West knows his stuff though, but I don't have the same kinda brain ya know? lol
5.0 : Easy GE (if you go to most classes). He uploads all lecture slides online, holds review sessions before tests, and allows cheat sheets for exams. As a not super sciencey person, would recommend.
5.0 : Absolutely fantastic class and professor. He's understanding, reasonable, and intelligent. Has 4 hours of office hours each week, and is, to my astonishment, very nice about answering questions repeated over and over again. The class has a lot of material, but incredibly rewarding. The topic makes the class that much more interesting &amp; significant.
3.0 : Josh is fine. The lectures are slow-paced and kind of boring, but they are informative. His tests are all based on lectures, so if you show up and pay some attention, youll be fine. Labs are easy. Grading is fair. Class is kind of boring but an easy science GE if you need it.
5.0 : Great professor, always there to help out outside of class as well as in class. Lectures are good and the projects are solid , not too much work outside of class, overall good class
3.0 : straight up hard. don't take
4.5 : Gish is a great teacher. He's obviously passionate about what he teaches, and it shows in his lectures. His classes are at 8AM, which is difficult (at least for me), and there are weekly quizzes. If you don't do the readings, you'll fail the quizzes, and you most likely wont do well in the class.
4.5 : Prof. Gish has been my favorite professor this semester. He's very clear and straightforward in his lectures, and tells us exactly what needs to be done in order to get a good grade. He's also very nice and helpful
5.0 : One of the best classes I have taken at USC.  Gish perfectly balances reading with in class lecture.  The material is interesting and the papers apply what you learn to the real world.  Would love to take another class with him, wish every class was taught this way.
5.0 : Favorite class of Freshman year! Professor Gish is an easy going guy and is always willing to help if you put interest in the material. Read the textbook before class. Even though I'm an international student and a little bit shy, he encouraged me to talk in class and express my opinions. You won't regret taking his class.
5.0 : Great lecturer and if you show invested interest in the projects by emailing him well before the deadline he will grade you a lot easier. Didn't read once and managed to get Cs on the quizzes and As on the tests and projects. His lectures cover everything you need to know. One of those teachers you want to get a beer with after the semester.
5.0 : Professor Gish has been my favorite professor thus far. He made the content extremely easy to understand and very interesting to learn about. He is passionate about Urban Development, and it shows in his teaching style. There were reading quizzes almost every monday, 1 midterm, 1 final, and 2 case study memorandums. Overall AMAZING class!
4.5 : Gish is really passionate about the material. There are in class quizzes so attendance is important.
5.0 : Prof Gish is super clear and obviously really passionate. He's really helpful and very clear about his grading. Quizzes come when you least expect them so always be ready! There is no reason you shouldn't get an A if you do most of the reading and come to class for lectures. His study guides tell you exactly what to study, no guessing games.
4.0 : Normal as can be. Nothing special. Takes attendance personally. Expects constant participation. I swear we talked about sidewalks for a month. Also, differentiating between SPACE vs PLACE took the entire semester.
3.0 : You have to go to class or you will fail. His lectures basically give you all the information you need to pass. If you don't do the reading, you will fail the quizzes, which are a good portion of your grade. He has office hours but doesn't do much to help.
4.0 : great guy, great teacher. will help you with any concept you don't understand but all the concepts are easy. Pay attention to lectures bc just writing his slides down won't do much. very clear grading criteria and straightforward about the class and what's important. Take for 245 for sure
4.5 : cool teacher. took at 8am so content seemed dry, but was easy enough to understand. take good notes. not a lot of room for error and isn't a particularly easy grader but if you work at it you can do well. participating in class is a must. lots of reading and lots of reading quizzes.
4.5 : I really like Professor Stables' class! He truly cares about the students, and if you talk to him, he can be extremely helpful. Would definitely recommend!
4.0 : It was an okay class for me. The professor is amazing, though. He knows his stuff, he has a great presence and voice which makes for great lectures. He is very nice and loves to help students. It is a pretty straightforward class which i appreciate. Study guides for exams, and 3 papers throughout the semester.
4.0 : His lectures can be a bit slow and long unless you're there with the mindset of being productive and learning from him. I came into the class not really interested in the topic, but he's an engaging lecturer and is a really cool guy. I would definitely take another class with him. Study the study guides for tests and you're sure to get an A.
5.0 : I. Love. Gordon. He is such an awesome professor. In discussion, a student does a presentation on that week's reading which basically sums up what we talk about in lecture (which isn't mandatory). I loved going to lecture because he is so passionate about what he teaches. He also makes a point to get feedback from students &amp; make changes if needed.
5.0 : Professor Stables is my favorite professor at USC. He is funny, knowledgeable and makes the material relevant to students. The tests were doable. the worst part is the discussion sections but take this class and you will learn and enjoy it.
5.0 : I love Gordon!! He's such a great professor - really helpful, willing to give feedback, etc. This course is relatively easy in comparison to some of the other comm requirements and the material is pretty interesting. He's also super passionate! Lecture isn't mandatory but helpful when you go.
5.0 : Gordon is the best! I've taken 3 classes with him and traveled with him on an int. program. He is very passionate. He can be difficult to understand but if you reach out for help he will explain further and you will do well. Not a tough grader, he's more interested in the discussion itself rather than if you're right or wrong, tests are easy
4.0 : Professor Stables' class is three papers and three exams. He is understanding and funny, and though his powerpoints can be confusing, he gives study guides and will answer any questions you have in his office hours! DEF RECCOMMEND, He really cares about his students' wellbeing.
5.0 : Fields is a good guy. Class is relatively easy: 3 non-cumulative tests, and a few assignments. Nothing too hard. Unfortunately the tests are essentially vocab/memorization tests, however it doesn't take too much studying to do well. Fields is a great lecturer though, clearly interested and cares, which is a notable exception to most SC profs.
3.0 : I hated the pop quizzes. They were so random. I also didn't like the tests had some very weirdo phrased questions and he test you on the little stuff that he didn't cover. You are given a chance to contest the answers but that never really works. Lectures were kinda hard to listen to so you really needed to read the textbook. The textbook is huge!
3.0 : He's funny but the test weren't easy. Idk i went into his class thinking It was gonna be a breeze but it wasn't. He tests alot of the small things so you really have to read the book. And the book is hella boring and time consuming.  Almost everyone I know ended up getting a B.
3.0 : He was a chill proof. But the test Average was always high so it really messed up the whole class curve. You really had to put in effort to pass with a decent grade. It was just too much sometimes.
5.0 : Super chill professor. Cracks jokes all the time. Very personable. Teaches clearly. Show up to class everyday and listen and you should be fine.
5.0 : Professor Fields is one cool hombre. Anyone that can take a dry subject such as business law courses, and make them fun and interesting has my highest respect. Attendance is optional; however, he does give pop quizzes that he allows you to do with a group. He also is very clear of what material he will be testing you on for the midterms.
5.0 : Prof Fields is AMAZING! If you are even remotely interested in any part of the real estate industry, this class is a must. It covers everything.  Lectures are super engaging and straight forward.  Although slides are posted online, it helps so much to be there. Prof Fields is so funny and always available. 2 midterms, final, &amp; 2 page paper (easy).
4.0 : Great professor, very personable personality. Teaches primarily from slides. Tests are slightly challenging but course is curved to 3.3 average. other assignments include a court visit report and negotiation report. Overall, a good an enjoyable course.
4.0 : This class requires a lot of memorization, might be hard for international students. Each exam includes about 7 chapters, and the average grade is above 80. If you study hard for the exams and go to class regularly, it's not impossible to get an A. He will tell you which slides will be in the exam in lecture. You just need to MEMORIZE all of them!
5.0 : Awesome professor. I have taken two of his classes; I enjoyed both of them and learned so much stuff that I will use for the rest of my life
5.0 : FIELDS IS SIMPLY THE BEST TEACHER AT USC! He makes law/business so interesting. You learn so much while still having fun. His tests are awesome because he uses students in the examples.  While class attendance is technically not completely required, I highly suggest it because he is HILARIOUS! Tip:Find a way to get him on tangents about Disneyland!
5.0 : This is the only professor I am rating at USC because he is that great! Fields is the best prof I have had at SC and he has the best upper division buad electives. Accountants- take his class for your ethics requirements! There is no hw, 3 non-cumulative exams that come straight from ppts. Go to class because his real-life examples are hilarious!
5.0 : Fields is an a great professor and an all around awesome guy. He loves to joke around and keep class fun and interesting. More importantly, his business law courses provide information that every business grad should know. I've taken two of his courses and highly recommend him to anyone.
5.0 : Took several classes with Fields. He always has time to answer questions and really cares.  Great in class examples!
5.0 : You shouldn't leave Marshall without taking a course with one of the Fields the father or the son. Kevin, the son, is a great prof. &amp; a fellow Trojan. His classes r straightforward he gives a detail review and you should be able to pull of an A with just a little work. Comprehension is key to your success with some memorization. Fun guy! Loved him
4.0 : Kevin Fields is a Funny man, He is a good guy as well. Mr. Fields teaches the subject well and knows a lot about real estate and law. He is a respected professor and always has his classes on a wait list because of the amount of students that want to take the course. I highly recommend him. He is a tough grader but doesn't fail anyone.
5.0 : Great guy, great teacher, great class.
5.0 : Super easy professor. Enjoyable to listen to, funny, caring, and overall amazing. Take him!
5.0 : Fields is the man. Knows his stuff and has hilarious examples. Even makes questions on the test that make you laugh. Very helpful and just a cool guy. Also USC alumni and bleeds cardinal n gold.
4.5 : One of the most likable, funniest and best professors I've ever head. Really didn't even mind attending every lecture because it helps understand the material better and they are actually fun. Tests are pretty clear, not very easy, but detailed studying will get you an A to A-. Really great class and really great professor.
3.0 : Great professor - wants you to do well and makes himself available to students outside of class. Lectures can be a little stale at times, but make sure you go because they are the key to doing well on exams. Lots of material covered in this course but very practical .
5.0 : I truly enjoyed Prof Fields. His personality and sense of humor makes the lectures very enjoyable. He clearly explains concepts with personal examples and works hard to keep students engaged. He is well organized, makes all of his slide decks available on Blackboard and posts grade info regularly. It would be very difficult to fail this course.
4.5 : I really feel like she helped me improve as a writer. If you do the reading, it's a fairly easy class. She's very funny and makes class interesting.
5.0 : Profesora Enright is an awesome teacher. If you put some effort into this class, you will definitely get an A. She is super helpful and incredibly nice!
4.5 : Profesora Enright was the best Spanish teacher I could possibly ask for. She is kind and engaging. Class time is mostly spent on completing and correcting activities from the workbook. Tests were straightforward and you don't need to ace every single one to get an A in the class. Not just an easy A, but a fun class taught by a helpful teacher.
5.0 : Really great teacher, extremely nice
5.0 : A very straight forward spanish teacher that follows the book closely, she is a forgiving grader and you will likely get an A if you participate often in class (which I found to be much easier in this class than in previous span classes) I also took her for GESM 100 on surrealism and it was a very fun and interesting class! Great teacher all around
4.0 : Class was super straightforward: show up, do the homework and participate and you'll get an A. She is a very easy grader and it seemed like everyone always got As on tests.
5.0 : Really enjoyed this class. Dr. Enright is a great teacher, that really cares for her students. She keeps lectures interesting and is always there to help.
5.0 : I LOVE THIS PROF. She is so sweet and really loves her students. She is always trying to engage every student in the class and find new and fun ways to learn the vocab. She usually volunteers the more experienced students to speak in class so the less experienced students don't have to worry. She took us on a field trip and bought us all breakfast!
5.0 : Enthusiastic and always had a smile on her face. I loved how she encouraged a positive and welcoming classroom environment. She explained the material very well and always made sure that all of our questions were answered before we moved on or built on to concepts. I also liked how she was very approachable and encouraging.
5.0 : Professor Enright is an absolute sweetheart and I genuinely believe she wants all of her students to do well. She is clear in her instruction and prepared us well for each exam. One of the nicest teachers I've had so far and she made class enjoyable. I highly recommend this class for Spanish 2.
5.0 : She's the sweetest and is passionate to make sure you learn! Not a very difficult class and she is pretty lenient with grades. If you participate, you will be fine!
4.0 : Pretty good professor. Very easy grader and made the class pretty easy. She wants people to participate though so just raise your hand a couple of times and you'll be fine. A very solid professor for Spanish. Also, the textbook is mandatory.
5.0 : Solid prof.. As long as you show up, contribute, and do all of the homework you should do well and learn some Spanish. The homework was generally 20-30 min online assignments, but sometimes there were larger projects.
5.0 : Professor Enright is a great teacher for Spanish 1. Though the class may seem difficult at first, you will find that she cares much more about participation and trying to learn than accuracy on tests and assignments. Attendance is mandatory and most class periods involve practicing Spanish in small groups, which is very helpful.
5.0 : She's a GREAT professor! Recommend her. If you go to class, pay attention and do your homework every night.. you'll learn spanish and do well. She makes it EASY to learn. Just wants to see that you're making a real effort. Short hw assignments every night. 2 portfolio assignments. 3 oral presentations. 3 chapter exams. 1 class final. Get txtbook
3.0 : I liked the class, and I did learn a little, but not much. I wish her lectures were more in depth and organized; she uses powerpoints that were sometimes confusing and she didn't always put them on Blackboard, so if you didn't finish writing something in class it was gone. The class wasn't hard though, and you can use notes on the midterms.
4.0 : I really enjoyed this class. The lectures were simple and easy to follow along and included interesting screenings. There were two midterms (20% each) that were open notes/open book, a 10 page research paper (25%), a 5 page take home final (20%), as well as a section grade (15%). Easy class if you prep and put in a little work.
5.0 : Sweet is amazing! She is super friendly and leads a comfortable &amp; lively class. She really wants you to learn applicable skills rather than just theory like in other classes. I am not a morning person, but I only missed one of her 8am classes even though I live an hour away. I'd for sure take her again if I could! Actually worth your tuition money
5.0 : This was hands down one of the best classes I've ever taken at USC. I loved the combination of powerpoint, role play, discussion, and media. This class helped me develop a deeper level of clinical skills as I now feel extremely comfortable utilizing SFT and CBT. Furthermore, I have embraced brief therapy and the usefulness of crisis intervention.
5.0 : She is absolutely the best! She is caring, down to earth, funny, and keeps the class engaged. You learn real skills that will be useful in your career. I am sad I didn't get the chance to take more classes with her. Easy grader, but you will need to read some of the books.
5.0 : AMAZING professor!!!!! I would recommend her to anyone! if you have the chance of taking her, please do! she is a fair grader, makes you feel comfortable, easy to talk to, and is available to her students! You definitely learn a lot in class! I took her for 615-Crisis Intervention. As long as you do your work and try you will be fine.
4.0 : Dr. Orras is a great professor. He gives great feedback on all of our papers, but is a hard grader. This was definitely a review of things I learned in my undergrad. So, it's not a lot of new information.
5.0 : David Balkan is the kind teacher I hoped to have at USC but didn't think existed. I came into the semester with low expectations for the class but left knowing not only more about screenwriting but about the stories I wanted to tell as a reflection of myself. Coming to class wasn't just worthwhile, it was something I looked forward to every week.
5.0 : Balkan is amazing. Really wise and insightful. Really cares about students and encourages them. And the years of his experience definitely show. I would take a class with him again in a heartbeat.
4.5 : She is a great teacher, very clear.
5.0 : Gives great suggestions, helps students learn to write. Beware: if you don't put effort in, he won't help you (as with all teachers).
4.5 : I was dreading WRIT 150. Prof. Gorski just made it a lot easier. Funny person, and very helpful. Enjoyed this class.
1.0 : Over all he is just old and annoying. Was completely useless when going to ask him for help on a paper and when you make the changes he sort of recommends, he then doesn't like them. Stickler about spelling and just un pleasant. Is one of those prof. that doesn't give out A's.
5.0 : He is a wonderful professor. I would recommend you take Gorski if you want to improve your writing, the goal is upward mobility. I appreciated that he would give loads of feedback even when he enjoyed the topics you wrote on. He is invested in seeing the growth and development of his student writers.
4.5 : Great Professor, although not incredibly easy. It took a good deal of preparation although unlike other writing I've had in the past, his grades were very reflective of the amount of work I put in; i.e., a paper done 2 weeks in advance got me an A while a paper done the night before got me a B.
4.0 : great guy. I hate writing but he made the class enjoyable.
5.0 : Amazing professor. I heard many bad things about WRIT 340 and was even more nervous being a transfer student, but Professor Gorski was great. He's so nice and helpful. The time between papers was quite generous and his feedback is useful. Really funny in class. He even brought cupcakes the last day! If you need a WRIT 340, take his.
2.5 : Semi-hard grader, doesn't always communicate very well, not super helpful, very ok teacher, sometimes incredibly awkward and annoying but you get used to it.
5.0 : I absolutely loved writ-150 with Gorski. He's a super quirky guy which made this class fun. Any writ-150 course is going to be challenging, so in that regard, I think Gorski is a fair grader. I strongly dislike writing, but I thoroughly enjoyed his class. The prompts for the "human values and belief systems" thematic are extremely interesting.
4.0 : Even though he's a little bit too much room for awkward silences in the class sometimes, he's a caring teacher that knows what he's doing. He truly wants us to improve our reasoning, and structures his prompts with the goal of changing how we understand world around us. Partecipate in class and go to office hours to review drafts, it will help.
4.0 : He made WRIT 150 not suck, and that was a serious accomplishment. Kind of an awkward, eccentric guy, but you get used to it. Gives great feedback on papers and ideas. Participation is really important!
3.0 : Gorski is the typical WRIT 150 professor. Each grade you get is progressively better to demonstrate improvement. He is weird and can be awkward when talking to individually. His feedback is vague and not particularly helpful. The workload isn't hard, but considering how the WRIT 150 class is standardized it's virtually impossible to get an A.
4.0 : Kind of quirky, but I thought he was a really nice guy who genuinely cared about seeing improvement, and he definitely helped me progress as a writer. Good choice for 150 because the final paper project has fewer components than other teachers as far as I heard. He also is very accessible by email.
5.0 : Professor Gorski was great! He's funny, grade's fair, gives good feedback, and is there to help when needed.
4.0 : A decent choice for WRIT 150. While he isn't the most engaging guy, he cares about making his students better writers and tries to make the class discussion-based to improve reasoning. Gives lots of feedback on each essay, even if he liked it. He genuinely cares about his students, and if you want to do well he will help you
5.0 : very good professor!
4.5 : Great professor easy going, nice, fine to talk to. got a lot of great stories. engage him and you'll get the best out of your semester. easy on attendance
5.0 : teaches now at northeastern. One of the best professors I've encountered at Northeastern. Long but insightful lectures, lots of reading. A couple of easy pop quizzes, 3 response papers, an 2 exams. Fairly easy to get a B, would definitely recommend her.
5.0 : Take this class.
5.0 : Such an amazing professor! He structures his class such that you don't use the textbook at all  you develop communication skills through his assignments and just engaging with the class. One of the best professors I've had at USC. Has a good sense of humor to lighten up the mood and make class fun. Learned SO much from this class!
4.0 : He's a cool guy, fun class because of group projects, makes you meet the whole class. However, important to make good first impression of first impromptu. That will define your grade in the class, if he thinks ur a B grade presenter, no matter how hard u try ur highest grade will be a B. Easy B, hard A.
1.0 : Very rude professor, that clearly states that he doesn't give As and will basically only give Bs.  If you want a true connection in the real world that is the only thing he is good for.
5.0 : Professor Gordon is an amazing professor, def. my favorite faculty member so far--he is really nice, funny, and brings in real life examples that make class fun, and less like a dry intro to psych class. Fair grader and easy to approach. He is hard to get into second semester because he is a favorite of students.
4.0 : Wonderful professor, does a great job making the information accessible to students. Very engaged and excited about teaching. Shares hilarious stories and anecdotes that are applicable (usually) to course material.
5.0 : Alan is awesome! He makes the class interesting with examples, discussion, and hilarious pop culture references. Definitely a must-take!
3.5 : Gordon was amazing at the start of the semester but his interest and enthusiasm seemed to dwindle as time went on. Many of my classmates were frustrated with grades they got on papers (though I was not). Main issue for me was the decline. Having seen how awesome he could be at first,  it was disappointing to feel like he was dialing it in later on.
5.0 : Prof. Gordon is incredible!! I've absolutely loved taking him for 506. He's by far my favorite professor I've had at USC. He makes a pretty boring topic very enjoyable and he's a dreamboat. Please take him--he's well worth your time.
4.0 : Professor Gordon is hands down amazing, I highly recommend if you get a chance to take a class with him do not miss out on the opportunity!
5.0 : Songwriting I is a great class regardless of your experiences level. If you're willing to put in the effort and turn in songs when they're do, you'll definitely get an A. She gives great feedback too and really cares about helping students with their songwriting.
4.5 : Didn't go over music theory past a basic level. It's Songwriting I for non-music majors, so I'm not really surprised. (Though if you're serious about writing good music, theory knowledge is essential.) Show up to class every week and participate, and you get an A. Class mostly consists of presenting new material and getting feedback from peers.
5.0 : Professor Cabrera is honestly such a nice lady and is an amazing teacher! She is clear about what she wants on all assignments and is generous when grading tests! If you can get her, DO IT! You will not regret it I promise.
5.0 : Professor Cabrera is hands down the best professor I've ever had. Although I'm not very good at Spanish, she saw the effort I was putting into my work and I ended up with an A. As long as you go to class, participate, and pay attention you'll do well on tests. Super easy and super nice and definitely cares. 10/10 would recommend!
5.0 : Super easy class! She is an extremely fair grader. If Spanish is really hard for you, take her because you will get a good grade if you at least try. If you've taken Spanish before and have experience, there's no way you can't get an A with her.
5.0 : Best professor I have had at USC so far. She is literally the sweetest woman I have ever met. You will actually learn how to speak spanish after taking this course. If you do the homework and come to class willing to participate, you will do great. Cabrera moves at a super slow pace, so you should never feel stressed or overwhelmed.
5.0 : I took spanish 2 &amp; 3 with her and didn't need to take the finals since i was taking it pass or no pass. She is the nicest professor I've ever had, If you need help she has no problem explaining until you understand.  Shes a very fair grader and does not make you feel inintimidated at all in the oral interviews. BEST SPANISH TEACHER AT USC BY FAR!
5.0 : I am in love with her! She is the best professor I've had at USC. She is so kind, so sweet, and an all around great teacher and person. As long as you do the work and show up to class, there's no way you won't do well. She's so amazing, I wish i was taking her next year!
5.0 : Best spanish teacher! She is the nicest and most understanding prof and is so easy to talk to.  Always willing to help even thru email. The class was easy to do well in although it could get boring at times. I would definitely take her again. She really wants students to do well. The class can be a lot of  work but it's pretty easy. DEF RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. She is such a great professor and is VERY caring. As long as you put in the effort, you will pass.
5.0 : she is really patient and interesting
5.0 : She is the sweetest. She really cares about her students and wants everyone to succeed. Given I hadn't ever taken Spanish she was so nice and was always helpful. You need to do all the homeworks and participate, but it wasn't ever too much.
4.5 : I love Professora Cabrera! She is fun, easy, understanding, and really easy to talk to. She is a fair grader, her tests are exactly the material she gives, and she teaches the class in portuguese but will answer your questions in english.
5.0 : You don't even need to read anymore rates because she is by far the easiest teacher at USC. I have never done so well in a Spanish Class before taking her class, and it's not like I got any better, she is just THAT easy of a grader. I bombed my final interview with her, or so I thought, and I got an A. She is a nice lady who wanted me to pass.
5.0 : 1) Course content is very good. 2) Course slides cover most of the topics.  3) One of the best professors in USC Computer Science dept.
5.0 : Prof. Epstein is passionate about con law and is an expert in the subject. She is very nice and helpful. Her comments are always perfectly clear. Her classes are extremely well structured. The content of the course is very interesting. Definitely keep up with the readings, it makes classes that much more interesting and she will call on you!
5.0 : Great professor, helpful, knowledgeable and understanding!
4.5 : At first glance it was hard to understand Dr. Smith because she spoke rather quickly and didn't answer many questions, but I found later this changed after mid-semester. She is an excellent research teacher and really helps break it down. Don't be afraid to stop her if you get lost.
3.0 : At first I was turned off by her and regretted signing up for her class.  She avoided answering questions, went off on tangents, talked too fast,.  However, as the term progressed she improved.  In watching other professor's practice exam sessions I could see that our class was far more advanced then other sessions. High test scores proved this,.
4.0 : Brilliant lectures; tough but insightful and great homework s.
4.5 : Unreal intelligent guy. I swear he has a computer in his head... That doesn't make his class easy though. Challenging material and complicated topics, but he explains everything many ways. Expect to work hard to get an A if algorithmic thinking isn't natural to you or you aren't a genius.  Pray for dumb classmates because he grades on a bell curve.
4.5 : I've never met a teacher that encourages questions than Cote.  Don't get me wrong, this class is tough.  But Cote is the person who makes it manageable -- if you go to class, pay attention, and ask questions, you will understand the course material.  He is one of the most clear lecturers I've ever had, and I'm actually so sad he isn't teaching 270.
5.0 : Cote is a wonderful professor. I had him for both CSCI 104 and CSCI 170. He is exceptionally clear and he understands that students may not get the material at first. He is open during office hours and he explains multiple times when needed. He is very receptive to student feedback and for 170 he had amazing notes handouts that were amazing.
1.5 : Cote is one of the worst CS professors I've ever had. He is incredibly rude in class, and shuts students down who don't ask somewhat intelligent questions. He doesn't teach everything in lectures either. I would be prepared for lots of self-learning. I also found Cote to be rude in office hours. He is blunt and to the point which can be annoying.
1.0 : The grading for cs104 is ridiculous. The teaching is pretty poor - Cote just hands us a copy of his notes and rewrites them on the board. Not very interactive or intuitive. How about some slides, or something more visual? Copying down what is already given is quite useless. Terrible class and teacher.
5.0 : It is the 3rd class I have been with Aaron. The class material it self is very hard. But Aaron made it very clear and fun. I would totally take more class with him.
1.0 : horrible teacher, didnt learn much, took this as a sophomore and found it not too hard  but teaching and curriculum was bad.
5.0 : Aaron Cote is an incredible professor. He makes you work for it and makes sure you pay attention in class, but his explanations are crystal clear and I learned a LOT from him.
5.0 : Professor Cote always had extra office hours and was available. Don't expect to get the answers out of him. He knows that you can rise to the challenge. I learned so much taking 270 from him and this class is a major reason I feel confident in my career as a software engineer.
4.0 : CS104 and CS170 aren't easy classes. Cote isn't an easy professor. But these classes are the core of an CS engineer's background so I wouldn't expect them to be. Cote knows you are capable and will push you to answer your own questions instead of spoon feeding them to you. If you want to be confident in CS, take Cote.
5.0 : He is awesome, but the course is hard
5.0 : Explains everything very clearly. Tries to make sure everyone understands. Maintains the class at an appropriate, yet challenging level. I enjoyed his sense of humor. Learned a lot!
5.0 : no matter how hard the concept is, he can explain  clearly. organized lecture. test questions are a little bit harder than hw problems. He encourages students to ask questions during class. Overall very smart guy who knows how to teach.
5.0 : This is my third class with Cote. If you ever get the chance to take the Theory of Computing with him, DEFINITELY do it. It makes everything from 270 make so much sense.
2.0 : You cannot write notes while he's teaching, you just cannot keep up!! Definitely a hard course but grades can be achieved
2.5 : Cote's class will make you reconsider your major because of how unjustifiably difficult it is. Homework assignments take a chunk of time and the exams are brutal. Almost none of what you learn in here is useful in CS104 as well. I would say to avoid this class/professor, but you have to take it if you're CS, so the best I can say is sorry.
4.0 : CS104 was a great introduction to algorithms and data structures. I learned a lot from this class but the homework was extremely demanding. There would be so many people asking for help from TAs and professors. So much so that I would not get the help I needed because there would just be a lack time for the instructors to help every student.
2.5 : Despite hours of studying, many of the tests and homework assignments were just plain difficult. This class is meant to get you to "think" like a computer scientist.  It felt decently useful for being a CS major but be prepared to study. It is mandatory to take as a CS major so I would say go to office hours no matter what. They will be useful.
5.0 : The only prof. I've sent an email to after the semester telling him how great the class was. Prof. Cote is eclectic, sure, but his lectures are clearer and more structured than any others I've had. Tests are fair, but certainly not easy. He somehow made the content seem interesting, which is impressive considering the class was on discrete math.
5.0 : Cote is an awesome teacher who will take the time during and outside of class to make sure you understand the material. While his tests are hard, if you go to class and do the HW's there isn't a reason to get less than a B. He seems to genuinely care about his student's success and in my opinion is one of the best teachers of the CS department.
5.0 : You can tell he is really smart just from the way he lectures. He really cares about students having questions and will sometimes stop lecture until someone asks one. He speaks in a monotone but his lectures are pretty clear. He has a very nerdy, dry sense of humor if you're into that. Attendance is not mandatory but he doesn't post notes online.
5.0 : Extremely smart, intelligent, brilliant. He grades pretty hard, but you will learn quite a lot. Stimulates student interest in the subject. Be prepared to work really hard, but it's so worth it!
2.0 : With the structure of 104 (labs and homework assignments that are graded by and help is offered by TAs/CPs), your professor won't affect your grade to greatly. The real impact your professor will have is your understanding of the material for the midterms and final. Cote's lectures/his voice are hard to follow.
4.5 : Cote gives incredibly clear and precise lectures; you can really tell he puts the time into preparing for each class, and he knows material down solid. Gives very useful handout notes each lecture. Tests are quite difficult but passable, and homework is heavily weighted. Also, he's got a fantastically dry and nerdy sense of humor.
4.5 : Before taking this class I was lost, but through the holy grace of A-A-ron Cote, I am found.
5.0 : What an awesome professor. Never had a prof that encourages questions as much as him. A word to the wise: actually ask questions. If nobody asks anything then he assumes everybody understands perfectly, but he always encourages questions and I've seen the dumbest questions answered seriously, so don't be afraid to raise your hand!
5.0 : Professor Cote is one of the best professors I have taken at USC. 104 is a tough class but he delivers the tons of material in a super clear way. Go to class and pay attention. ASK. At points in his lecture he would ask if there are any questions-take the chance to get all your confusion solved because Cote will explain until you fully understand.
5.0 : Cote was fantastic! My Discussion TA was reeeelly bad, but Cote was good enough that it didn't mater. He cares, he makes jokes, and his class actually teaches you something.
1.0 : The lecture are not clear. Skipping fast. Hw is not help full in office hour.
5.0 : After taking Cote for 170, I knew there was nobody better to take 270 with. The assignments are tough, but the quality of the lectures and the amount of material you'll learn which will help with interviews is so worth it. He's a hilarious professor, really cares about his students and the information he is teaching. 10/10 would recommend
4.0 : Aaron's lectures are good and interesting. He is very helpful in office hours and is there if you have any doubts. He will also through nerdy jokes in the class. Some of the jokes are funny.
5.0 : One of the best CS classes I've taken. Cote really knows his stuff and it shows in lecture. Concepts can be challenging but there are tons of office hours with the TAs. I took 270 a year after 170 and it was fine.
4.5 : Great professor.  I like how he hand-writes lecture notes, which gave me time to write mine by hand.  He cares if the students understand the material and is helpful during office hour.  I would definitely take his class again.
5.0 : Cote is a great CS professor. Really passionate about what he teaches and makes nerdy jokes every once in a while. Enjoyable lectures that are structured nicely. Attend class because he gives hints and important info for homework assignments.
3.0 : Cote's students often hold back their questions in fear of sounding unintelligent. Do NOT do this. Ask about a topic until you feel like you completely understand it. What made this class absolutely awful was how harshly our HWs (heavily weighted), quizzes, and exams were graded. The TAs are only helpful 1-on-1. Anthony and Lian are very helpful.
5.0 : Took him for 270. Got a B+ in CS170, definitely felt like I would get a B in 270 if I didn't change my study habits. Here's what I did - I did book problems and really tried to understand lectures. If I didn't get something, I would immediately go to office hours with CPs to clear things up. This strategy worked!
5.0 : Profess Hubbard enjoys discussion and does not assign homework. There are two short papers for the entire semester and everyone receives an A, he told our class that the lowest grade he gave was an A-. He doesn't give a ton of instruction which is nice because he allows students to think for themselves, as this is what college is about.
4.0 : Pretty straightforward. If you show up to class and listen to her lectures, you're likely to get a good grade. She's also very helpful and cares about her students.
5.0 : If you're a POSC major you have to take a class with her. So funny and laid back, really enjoys what she teaches and you're pretty much good as long as you show her you're making the effort. One midterm, final and paper and all are super straight forward.
5.0 : Prof Junn is truly an amazing human being. She's so understanding and helpful. There is a group project but don't stress! She gives great feedback and helps you every step of the way. She really know what she's talking about. All her classes include lecture outlines! She brought us snacks on test day. So fun and engaging!
5.0 : Professor Junn is by far the best professor in the Political Science Department. She is not only engaging and fun, but really wants you to do well. She preps you on all exams, lets you pick your own paper topic, and brings snacks to the midterm and final. She is a true inspiration, you would be missing out if you didn't take her at least once!
5.0 : Great teacher, he is hilarious and just the best. Grades really easy and is always available and approachable and ready to help you.
2.0 : He literally spends two straight hours lecturing about chess, which becomes tedious. His class is structured to train you to become a Grand Master, not to think critically. He makes ridiculous arguments about the importance of chess (as a business or science, for example) and is hard to follow. On the other hand, he is a very humble, sweet man.
4.0 : Peters is a great professor! The lectures and long and can often get dull, but he really loves what he is doing. He is very willing to help students out and make sure they get the information that we need. He really loves chess! Woo
4.5 : Really passionate about chess. Super nice and tries to keep class interesting but lectures can drag on since it's just two hours of him talking about historical games in chess most of the time. Did not get to play as much as expected. Definitely became a better player though.
4.5 : She's such an enthusiastic professor! Her lectures were interesting and I actually enjoyed taking notes in class. The downside is you have to go to all the lectures because she gives out 10 vocab pop quizzes over the semester that everyone gets 100% on. They're just there for attendance. Easy midterms. Easy final. DEFINITELY TAKE THIS CLASS I
4.0 : Professor O'Neill gives study guides before the test that outline exactly what will be on it. There is one midterm and a final. 3Papers(Short and easy). There are pop-quizzes pretty often but they are super easy and not worth a lot. I started studying for the 8am final at 3am and got an 88%. Got a B+ in the class but could've gotten an A if I tried
5.0 : Professor O'Neill is a great lecturer, and she is very passionate about history. She is not an easy grader, but she is very helpful and her assignments are straightforward. I definitely recommend to take one of her classes (she specializes in British history!) She is also very funny, I was constantly laughing in her class.
5.0 : I've had a lot of classes with Professor O'Neill, and I keep taking more because she's great! She's one of the most interesting and entertaining lecturers I've had, and she's also great at facilitating discussion. She's great to talk to in office hours, and is really interested in what she teaches. Wholeheartedly recommend anything taught by her!
5.0 : AWESOME! She is a great teacher! You learn a lot, she is super interesting and funny. She makes the class really fun. I have taken 4 of her classes and I love her. Only teaches British history. She is a fair but tough grader, but there are plenty of opportunities for extra credit. TAKE HER CLASSES!
3.5 : Prof O'Neill's injection of humor into her lectures makes class very interesting. Class is moderately difficult and she is a tough grader, but she is very easy to talk to and helpful.
2.5 : I'm not a history major, but as an English major lots of overlaps! She is nice and knowledgable but unclear as a grader at times. She uses all novels and seemed to be more concerned with stylistic writing of the author instead of history. As an English major this was concerning to me.  After the midterm the film clips seemed especially pointless.
3.5 : The class itself is boring and irrelevant to history majors but O'Neill does her best to make it less awful. Corny at times, she is a nice and knowledgable woman. Her weekly skill exercises are relatively easy and she does not grade them too harshly. Contribute to class by reading some of the assigned things and commenting and you will do fine
4.5 : Never a dull day of lecture in the class, always an injection humor and laughs. Gave a 3 star on the easiness, however an A is more than possible. Always helpful in office hours. Sometimes I find myself put off by the reading b/c it can turn into NOVEL CENTRAL, but even they are interesting, was hoping for a balanced mix of textbook for context.
5.0 : AWESOME PROFESSOR. AWESOME TA. Both enthusiastic about the course and Professor O'Neill is very witty and funny. You will not be bored during lecture and there are required readings but bearable. Before this class, I didn't know i would actually enjoy a history class
2.5 : First class with O'Neill. She is nice &amp; entertaining but a lot of the material seemed forgettable. Basically novels- mostly just ok, weirded out by no history type of texts and film clips that teach really nothing- Duran Duran? The last part of the course seemed especially slapped together. Class papers- only reason I did ok was office hours.
5.0 : She's a great professor who inspired me into the world of history. One of the classes that I would never miss and her grading is reasonable. Easy participation grade and 10 identification quizzes which can be bothersome but not difficult if you just attend the classes.
5.0 : She is awesome!! Took this class as a GE and as long as you come to class and pay attention you will be fine! She is super quirky in a good way, makes lectures interesting, and is always showing hilarious Monty Python videos or movie trailers relevant to the subject.  Make sure to come to class though because she gives (easy) random 3 ? quizzes.
3.0 : Lecture is lively, good prof with good energy but I'm torn on 327, interesting stuff but sometimes the lecture materialpace can be off. A couple of times, we've run out of time to cover everything. The film clips aren't always interesting &amp; there seems to be an over emphasis on novels rather than scholarly, which leaves me confused as to context.
5.0 : As an English major I was a bit intimidated to be in a 300-level history class, but O'Neill was awesome. Super interesting lectures, where she always keeps things relevant and uses ample film clips to keep things lively. Super accessible outside of class, even willing to read my papers and give feedback. Super cool, caring, one of my top faves.
3.5 : She's a really sweet person and cares a lot about history.  With that said, the 3 papers are semi-difficult, and there are random pop quizzes that are just for attendance purposes, so make sure to always go to class. She posts no lecture notes or materials online so you have to go to class or you'll miss out on the material.
4.0 : Erika the TA was great. Super helpful. She basically saved my semester in this class. I recommend this class if you have to meet a GE requirement. Emergence of modern history was not a difficult class.
5.0 : Great Professor, really recommend him for PPD classes and any other class he teaches, he really cares about the students.
5.0 : YES! Osterling is the best professor that I have had at USC. He not only cares but wants every student to pass with a solid and good grade. I highly recommend him and his class to anyone that cares about real estate and wants a good grade. He even stays couple of hours after class to teach the excel program.
5.0 : All I have to say is that Professor Osterling is THE MAN! One of my favorite classes and professor's at USC. super cool and down to earth, knows what he's talking about and doesn't overwhelm you with work. Strongly advise students to take this class.
5.0 : Super nice. If you are having trouble just talk to him and he will guide you. Some of the homework assignments may be a little tricky but do it and you should be good. I thought the classes were interesting and he so much experience in the field .
5.0 : Great Professor who cares for students. Stays an hour extra to help students who don't understand the assignments and homework. Honestly, one of the best teachers at USC i highly recommend.
5.0 : A professor that I look up to. Genuinely a nice guy. Cares about his students. He teaches with passion and is very knowledgeable about what he teaches. Would love to take more classes from him!
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at USC. His lectures are amazing, interesting, and you definitely learn a lot. It is not impossible to get an A, but sometimes the essay prompts are a bit challenging. He uses a lot of pop culture references which makes material easier to relate to. Definitely would take him again.
5.0 : His class is very inspirational. He has given his students further insights about social issues in society. Yet, he is engaging because he uses pop culture references and always updates them. Even though readings are quite a lot, they are very interesting.
3.0 : Kun is well respected in the comm field, but as a freshman GE prof, he expected too much out of his students. Harsh grader in terms of essays, and the topics discussed in class are of little interest to anyone but art history majors. The readings are too long, but we watched many films. Overall, would not take again unless in his specialty.
3.5 : This class has some seriously challenging material, but is very interesting and incredibly rewarding. The theories you study are absolutely applicable to contemporary pop. culture and will help you expand your analytic skills and social conscientiousness.
4.5 : Don't skip lecture--Professor Kun is inspiring, passionate, and knowledgeable.  Plus he shows Nicki Minaj music videos and talks about Kanye West in his lectures.  Really interesting subject material, easy class.  Weekly blog posts, three papers, and final.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors to date and favorite course to date. Inspirational, makes you look at things you thought you knew with a whole new perspective. Attendance sign in sheet, but you actually want to come. I even was inspired to go to the LA spots he lectures about in my free time... tight dude really interactive/approachable, RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Wow! To start off he won the MacArthur Fellowship grant this semester, so this just goes to show when I say he is knowledgeable, aware....a genius literally now, you can believe me. He gives great lectures and I've learned so much from him. Blog posts everyweek. Read, go to class, do the assignments and you should be fine. Offers extra cred too
5.0 : Professor Kun has had a profound impact on my identity and perspective of the world. He is brilliant when it comes to music. Being able to hear him speak the truth twice a week was a privilege. I felt woke after every class and all the work was easy because you become so passionate about it.
1.0 : I don't know where to start. Many like Prof Kun but he made my semester horrible. If you do not agree with his politics, the class becomes a 2-a-week horror show. A lot of politics, race and only one-sided discussion. I learned almost nothing and was made to feel like a horrible person in this class. Not a educational class. DO NOT TAKE!
4.5 : Amazing, kind professor and a wonderful introduction to T.O. and USC in general. His personality is enough to make the class and the discussions he runs are great. He's fair in his grading and easily accessible. I did feel like the class could've been a little more academically rigorous (not sure how much I learned), but overall I'm glad I took it.
3.0 : I got an A, but my classmates who worked harder/studied more didn't. If you're already good at critical analysis you'll probably get an A, if not, you'll probably still get a B+ or A- by just doing the assignments.
3.5 : Everything was going so well until I got a low grade for my paper XD. Seriously though, the class was an adequete introduction into TO. Personally, I felt that the class did not address the themes of the class as much as I wanted. A very nice guy, but for some reason graded harder than any other class so far. Weird. Don't expect the easy A! Work!
1.0 : Professor Boone is a terrible professor. His workload is very unreasonable and his final exam is even worse. Who assigns a ten page essay at the last minute? The final is terrible because he assigns two eight page essays super late and does not give accurate feedback in a timely manner. When trying to obtain feedback from him on essays, it's worse.
5.0 : Professor Boone is awesome. He doesn't assign too much reading, and he makes class discussions really interesting.
3.5 : Evan is a really nice guy and super knowledgeable on the subject matter. He's passionate and informative, but I would warn against taking this class if you haven't taken CTIN 101 /and/ IML 400. He expects a LOT from his students and often doesn't take into account people's actual skill levels, assuming that everyone knows what they're doing.
5.0 : IML 222 is one of the best classes I've taken at USC. The subject of information visualization is incredibly hot in data science/design/business right now and this class has helped me land a great internship. Evan is not only a great professor that teaches students very useful skills, but a great person that really listens to students.
5.0 : Good teacher that knows what he is talking about but sometimes hard to follow in class.  However, he is helpful when it comes to assignments and projects. very open and flexible
4.5 : Very good professor. Willing to help and always liked to bounce new ideas for projects. He knows what he's talking about but sometimes get convoluted. He's very approachable and very flexible with deadlines.
4.5 : Really cool and passionate guy. Made me think about media in ways I never had before. Projects can be a little demanding for a 2 unit course but overall I think it's entirely worth it. Without a doubt one of the better classes I've taken at SC
5.0 : Evan is awesome! Super helpful!
3.0 : Don't take this class unless you're a MAP student and you have to take it. Evan is not bad, but this class sucks. Tons of reading response every week, no rest and they are drill. You can't expect to learn real Adobe software skills from this class. Grades are hard, too. So disappointed.
4.0 : Evan is an approachable and clear thinking professor who is ruthlessly fair. What I like about Evan is that he evaluates individuals based on their own merit .His readings were all online.  He does not do a lot of technical hand holding but helps you to craft your concepts. This class gave me design tools (AI, After Effects) .
5.0 : Very nice and helpful professor. Wants students to learn, understand and speak.  Uses her hands to speak so that students can interpret what she is saying. Doing well on exams and participation in class will guarantee a pass. Lovely professor; sucks that she does not fit my schedule for Spanish 3.
1.0 : DO NOT TAKE HER CLASSES. Her inability to be consistent with what she says she expects and what she actually expects is astounding.  She constantly talks about the learning process, yet is so highly prescriptive in what she expects. She arbitrarily takes points off of assignments, and forces to students rely on extra credit to do well.
5.0 : This GESM discussed the relationship between Cuba and the U.S.  Professor Gomez was always so helpful, and very entertaining. There was a lot of reading you needed to do outside of class, but we would analyze the readings during class so you were never lost or confused.  We would even watch tv shows and movies at times too. GREAT CLASS!!!! :)
5.0 : I absolutely love Seora Gomez. Her two hour lectures fly by, and its the first spanish class I've ever taken where I don't dread going. She makes it a lot of fun, plays new latin music for you at the end of each class, and really cares about her students. If you have any questions, she's quick to respond and is flexible to help you out if needed.
5.0 : Profesora Gomez is a fantastic instructor! She is very passionate, and makes the class fun and enjoyable! She is also very flexible, and she clearly cares about her students. I truly enjoyed this class, and I look forward to taking another class with Profesora Gomez in the future!
5.0 : Greatest teacher I've had at USC, gave me a very, very easy A. Class doesn't go very long and she motivates like crazy. Take this teacher.
5.0 : Absolutely the best Spanish teacher in the department. Loves her students and really motivates them to be better spanish speakers.  Take this class if you actually want to learn and have fun learning.
5.0 : I love going to Spanish Class now thanks to Profesora Gomez! You have to work to get an A but classes are so enjoyable, homework isn't too bad, and the two hours go by so quickly. I highly recommend her to all.
5.0 : Ivette is amazing! Definitely take her late afternoon class. You got to attend class cause she thros shade if you dont. But its only two days a week and she lets you go an hour early every class. Plus she tells you exactly what's on the tests. Easiest A you will ever get.
4.0 : such a sweet lady! really wants all of her students to do well and is understanding of the fact that students have lives outside of school. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Great classes. Very friendly to beginners. Some extra credits are available.
5.0 : I took Swimming P/NP but I wish I had taken it for a letter! If you have Mr. Slaughter you will get an A. Class was divided into experienced swimmers, non-swimmers, and those in the middle. Each class was one point out of 100 (see syllabus online) so make sure you go if you want the A. If you miss any it's easy to make up.
5.0 : I LOVE LAURA FLANAGAN. Definitely one of the best teachers I've had. If you have a chance to take her class, DO IT!!!
4.0 : If you want to be a better actor, take this class. If you want to be a better human being, take this class.
5.0 : She is definitely the best teacher that I have had at USC! She is amazing! Love her! She WILL make you get out of your comfort zone regardless of whether or not you are a theater major which is actually a good thing!
5.0 : If you're serious about acting, you'll get a lot out of the class. If you're not, you won't. Show up and be prepared to work and she'll love you. Laura is funny, thoughtful and kind, but she's not afraid to call you out for your mistakes. Can't wait to take her again next semester.
5.0 : Laura is awesome. I love her so much. You can ask her anything and she'll be happy to offer advice.
4.0 : She tells very relatable and relevant stories. Usually gives good feedback though it can sometimes be confusing--don't be afraid to ask questions when it is. Even if your class is at 8am, GO. And be on time. You get out what you put into this class.
5.0 : One of the most amazing professors I have ever had. Every course I have taken with her always left me with new knowledge, insights and most importantly: strong framework. Just be prepared to participate in class discussions. She often cold calls people, but all good. All the cases and articles are very helpful and applicable.
3.0 : Lot's of reading, open-book mid term, and similar teaching style for all courses.
5.0 : Professor Olivas (Boyle on here) is one of the best professors I have ever had. She has taken the time to truly teach me how to write, and cares about me as a person. She is extremely smart and understanding, and if you put in the work she will meet you half way. But don't take advantage of her kindness, karma will get you.
5.0 : Professor Olivas is amazing. She doesn't give nearly as much work as some of the other WRIT 150 professors and her prompts are very broad, so you can write about basically anything. She's super helpful outside of class and genuinely wants you to do well and improve your writing. She's a tough grader but all the WRIT 150 professors are.
5.0 : So nice and such a great teacher! I was very nervous about public speaking and she was very understanding and helped me work on my speaking all semester. I considered minoring in Spanish after taking her class.
5.0 : She is the best teacher at the University of Southern California. She makes me super excited to learn about history and is extremely knowledgable in her field. She takes the extra step to get to know her students, and is willing to hold discussions about sensitive topics. No matter what class she is teacher, you're guaranteed to have a good time.
5.0 : Profesora is AMAZING. By far the best Spanish teacher I've ever had. She is so kind and caring, is willing to explain anything and everything, and is a super fair grader. Very straightforward A if you're willing to memorize vocab. Also, she was more than willing to write me a rec after one semester. If you get the chance TAKE HER CLASS!!!!!
4.0 : For a student taking spanish just to get the language requirement out of the way I would not recommend her. She is a hard grader, and coming from a teacher that would give 100's on portfolios if you did them correctly during spanish 1, the switch to her was tough. You need to WORK for an A, and quite frankly as a gen ed requirement thats unnecesary
5.0 : So nice and helpful! Really fun activities, actually cares about her students. Wish she was teaching SPAN220 this fall. If you work hard, participate, and are polite, you'll get along just fine. Best Spanish teacher at SC!
5.0 : Prof. Stepanyan is awesome!  She is a very funny and extremely knowledgable professor.  I came into the class without having taken spanish for a year or so and I was fine.  The tests are easy if you study the sections and the portfolio projects are easy as well.  For sure take her!
5.0 : She is the best Spanish(and overall) teacher that I've had. Explains, reminds about deadlines, pushes to work hard, repeats even if it's the 3rd time you're asking. Also wants to know her students better and sees what's the best approach for them to learn. Loved the class. Sad that semester is over.
5.0 : Very clear grading criteria, lots of practice before tests, friendly and actually cares about her students.  She is not a tough grader, but you have to actually study to get an A. If you want to learn the language, she's the best teacher in the department, but if you are taking the class just to fulfill the requirement, chose another teacher.
5.0 : Professor Stepanyan is the best teacher I've had in my 4 semesters here at USC. I took her for Spanish 220 and ARLT-100g and would take both again. She is super lenient and class attendance is recommended(Because it's part of your participation grade but that isn't a very big part of your grade). Limited effort will get you at least a B+. TAKE HER!
5.0 : Easily the best Spanish teacher I've ever had. She explains every grammar point extremely clearly and make it easy to learn and remember. She tells you exactly what will be on tests and quizzes, which she keeps pretty basic and easy. She grades essays pretty leniently, if you participate and study an A is super easy to get.
5.0 : She's great. Best Spanish teacher at USC.
5.0 : AMAZING Professor. I had Prof. Stepanyan for Spanish 220 and 260 and would take another class with her if I could. She's so chill and down to earth. Very clear about her expectations and prepares you for midtermsthe final. When I started 220 with her my Spanish was decent, but I have improved so much by taking her class. Absolutely recommend!
5.0 : She is an amazing all around professor. She is clear in teaching Spanish especially grammar. She does not assign a crazy amount of homework nor is she a very hard grader. I learned an incredible amount of Spanish in this class without really putting in that much work. I think a lot of it was due to the fact that a lot of the work was done in class!
5.0 : Prof. Stepanyan is a great professor. She puts learning the material above all else and that really made the class interesting. There is alot of reading but you can probably get by with skimming if you pay attention in class. Definitely would take again.
4.0 : Honestly the best Spanish teacher I've had in my life because she teaches clearly and is very patient with all of her students. If you're not great at Spanish she'll make you a lot more comfortable speaking it. The class is super easy if you keep doing the online activities until you get 100%, but she's also an overall very lovely person.
5.0 : She rocks! I'm a freshman that tested into Spanish 3 after taking 4 years in HS an it's been easy for me. A lot of review. The class is a little boring but she's a good teacher. Not the easiest grader, but not too tough. I never do the nightly hw, only the mandatory online work for each chapter&amp; my grade is fine. SO much in class writing&amp; speaking!
5.0 : I to on this professor for Spanish and I had an absolutely phenomenal experience in her class. Hands down one of the most enjoyable classes (In general and in Spanish) I have taken. One of my favorite teachers overall too.  She seems to genuinely care about her students and helping her students out in any way possible. If I could I would take her!
5.0 : Liana is great! Kind, understanding, empathetic, and a very smart woman. She is easy to understand and her class is structured very simply so you always know what to do and when to do it. It is kind of a lot of work but that is what you have to put in when you take a language course
3.0 : Classes was mostly us answering worksheets or questions/reviewing with partners. We learned about the same two events over and over again. She is a very sweet person, but the class was boring. She made powerpoints and then just ignored them and summarized events that weren't on the slides. It's very easy to get an A, but boring.
5.0 : Best experience I could have had taking spanish at USC. She is kind, helpful, and an overall wonderful person. I was dreading taking a language and by the end of the semester I not only wanted to continue learning spanish but I also did not want her class to end. Best class and professor I've had at USC.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at USC. Clear expectations, fair grading. 100% would retake this class.
5.0 : I can't stress how glad I am that I chose her conquest and revolution class for my freshman seminar. Professor Stepanyan is extremely kind, caring, funny, and knowledgeable! She genuinely cares about her students. It's a pretty easy class but you learn a lot. Sad it's over ): TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Professor Stepanyan is an actual angel. I know Spanish is tough for a lot of people (myself included), but she's so caring and motivating. Whenever we'd have a test or oral exam, she'd always say "I can't wait to see how awesome you've become!" or "I can't wait to see you get that A." She's so supportive which is rare to find in college. Loved her.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at USC so far. Fun personality, super understanding, &amp; cares about every one of her students (she took us all to lunch one day!) Very clear with her expectations &amp; every in-class activity is geared to help you ace your assignments and exams. Just take the time to complete every online homework, participate &amp; memorize vocab
5.0 : Best teacher at USC School of Social Work
5.0 : My favorite professor ever! He works hard to make sure each student learns what they need
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I have had throughout my schooling.  He is so passionate about what he teaches.  I couldn't recommend him more!!
5.0 : Take his class.
5.0 : He is a lovely man and a wonderful professor. Honest and empathetic, very clear on the subject. The best professor you will have in the program. My only regret was not being able to take another one of the classes that he taught before I left.
5.0 : Professor Lamb is hands down the best professor in the program. He is insightful, caring, and inspirational. I was lucky enough to have the ability to take him twice. I'm pretty sure that opportunity won't happen again soon. If you want an engaging professor that will teach you real life clinical skills, this is your guy.
5.0 : Lamb is amazing!! He is definitely the perfect mix of clinician and professor- he's very knowledgable about the material but also super empathetic and has so much wisdom. He is a very sweet, funny professor with lots of great stories. Loved his class from day 1!
5.0 : Even though this is a mandatory class, she makes it as enjoyable and interesting as possible. She genuinely wants everyone to do well.
5.0 : She is definitely a great teacher, incredibly enthusiastic about her job, and this is what makes the class interesting. I have absolutely no interest in writing, but she really made the class interesting and with a good flow. Loved her.
1.0 : Super hard grader.
5.0 : I LOVE FARIDA!She was the best professor I have had at USC thus far. But,she is not the easiest. I think in a normal class I would have gotten an A,but she pushes u so hard,by the time you leave her class, you are one of the best writers at SC(Every paper grade I have gotten since that class has been an A). Invest the time in her class and it pays
5.0 : Hardest class I have taken at USC, and by far the one I recommend the most. Farida is an excellent teacher and will transform  both your view on socioeconomic issues and your ability to write. This class is hard, and you should take it or you are missing out
5.0 : I looooove Farida. She is the best writing 340 teacher hands down. Yes, her class is not an easy A, but she's a fair grader and is always there to help (ALWAYSSSSSS).  Do yourself a favor, and take her class!!!! You really won't regret it.
5.0 : She's so helpful. She loves teaching people how to write and she is so knowledgable in the material. Definitely a hard grader but you learn from her comments. Always go to her office hours and you will improve  so much.
5.0 : To succeed in her class isn't impossible, but you have to work for it. She has assignments due each class period and although its annoying, it makes your due dates stress free. She is incredibly helpful-probably the most helpful teacher ever. Attendance is mandatory, but she is really entertaining and she really wants her students to succeed.
4.0 : Farida genuinely cares about her students and in getting them to become better writers. She believes in "life writing", which is waayy more applicable than intellectual word vomit. She's very personable yet clear in her instructions. Even though her class isn't an easy A, she is a very fair grader. Loved her!  (I took the A&amp;H section)
5.0 : Great lectures. Most of the class is lecture-based but Professor Craig finds a way to make them interesting. He really cares about what you take away the class. Definitely would recommend.
5.0 : Gioia is a very enthusiastic professor who knows and teaches his content very well. Sometimes he goes off on a few tangents about his personal life but he always ties it back to the class. Regardless of your interest in or experience with poetry prior to taking the class, the Art of Poetry will certainly make you appreciate the subject even more.
3.0 : Dana is super passionate about poetry and a nice guy. For me, lectures weren't that interesting and I didn't usually stay for them. The class is all about memorizing the author and titles of poems but he gives SO much extra credit that it is almost impossible not to pass.  If you want a pretty east GE, I would recommend.
5.0 : Awesome Professor. He is really passionate about poetry and his story is inspiring. I liked poetry before this class and now I appreciate it and love it even more. I didn't think assignments were difficult, so you should be fine if you do all the work.
5.0 : I took this class my first semester at USC aka three years ago. I love Prof. G. His story is inspirational. The man can teach and he transfers his love of poetry to you, well at the least you walk away with an ability to hold a discussion regarding some of the greatest poets. The class isn't mandatory but they are fun, discussion is mandatory.
5.0 : Prof Gioia is freaking awesome.  Made me appreciate poetry after taking his class.  Class itself is lecture based.  Prepare to study for exams no joke (i.e. lots of memorization).  Plenty of EC to make up too.  Has lots of words of wisdom, his background is worth checking out.
5.0 : I am an engineering major taking nearly all engineering/science courses, who, coming into the class was not a poetry fan.  However, after having taken this course, I cannot speak more highly of Prof. Gioia, and his art. He is an excellent professor who truly loves poetry and is able to impart this on his students.
2.0 : If you like Poetry in general, TAKE HIM! He is very passionate about poetry and you will learn a lot. HOWEVER, if memorization is not your thing, Stay Away!!! There are 20 points of EC for the Midterm. In the MdTem he will give you couple of lines and you have to name the author and the title. The test pool is 70+ poem! As well as loads of terms.
3.0 : Okay lectures, no computers allowed. Literally said that he would rather you fall asleep in class than you use your phone or computer. Lots of opportunities for extra credit... He's a funny dude. Will scare you with his midterm (i.e. make it impossible if you don't study like 15 hours on it). But its a chill GE
5.0 : Professor Gioia is really great. His lectures are always interesting, but using laptop is not allowed and there are no slides. However, the exams are basically composed of memorization and something mentioned in class, so you have to take notes almost about everything. I love this class but I will not take it again because the exam is killing me.
3.0 : LOTS of EC to make up the dreadful midterm. This class is too much memorization and rote learning that the actual value behind learning about poetry isn' recognized, in retrospect I have rather grown to hate poetry. I wouldn' take this class because it feels so much like a useless high-school course rather than something that will add value to me.
4.0 : A tough class for sure, but hard work and I MEAN HARD WORK will get u the A. The midterm will put the fear of god in you if you don't study believe me I got a D in it, but there is plenty of EC to make up the awful score in-fact 40 points of extra credit is available to add on to the midterm boosting it over 100 points. Like a hs class not again.
5.0 : I loved this class and prof. Gioia and I knew absolutely nothing about poetry. The midterm honestly isn't that bad if you attend class because he doesn't put poems he didn't discuss in class. But there is also so much extra-credit that if you failed the test you could still get an A. Just go to class and study! Gioia is also just a great guy!
4.0 : Research is a very difficult course. Thankfully, Araque goes over the material before you take the quiz, and also is EXTREMELY helpful in this course. TAKE HIM you won't regret it.
5.0 : Professor ARAQUE is one of the most amazing teachers I have had thus far, working on my MSW. He is extremely helpful and understanding. This course can be quite difficult, but Araque guides you through the course.
5.0 : He goes above and beyond to be extremely helpful and clear to his students. He genuinely wants students to do well and he does not try to trick you. His tests are just really hard and he wants his papers to follow exactly what he asks for. A very qualified and knowledgable professor
5.0 : Great teacher, she helps you in whatever you need help with. Expect to study and complete your homework to pass the class with a good grade. I personally enjoyed her lectures because she has a passion to teach.
5.0 : You're tricked into learning Chinese history, in the best way possible, since the material feels like entertainment. Lecture attendance mandatory due to easy, scattered pop quizzes on films &amp; reading. Discussion mandatory for participation points. 3 small discussion posts, 4 essays, final, no midterm. Great professor, memorizes your name, no book.
5.0 : Professor Bernards is an inspiring and helpful teacher. His course material, while there may be a lot of it, is informative and interesting. He is one of the best professors I've ever had.
5.0 : Brian Bernards is one of the most engaging professors I have ever had at SC. He genuinely cares about students learning about Southeast Asian culture and film, and will not assign busywork. Take him if possible, and you probably will not regret it!
4.0 : A LOT of readings. Long, dense and somewhat boring novels and short stories The class can be fun but the amount of material killed it. Took EALC358 thinking it would be the same as the other classes he teaches (with extremely good reviews) but I don't think it applies to this class. Attendance and participation counts for 16%.
5.0 : Took EALC 150 last semester. All of his lectures were very interesting, and he was a great lecturer--he memorized every student's name in the room (it was not a small room). There is a couple papers and a final, but none of them were extremely  difficult. As long as you study and do your work, you will do well and have a great time.
5.0 : Easily the best professor I've had at USC. He's great at what he does, is fair, and cares about his students and wants them to succeed. He also learns everyone's name in a lecture of 150 students. Attendance is mandatory but the course is reasonable and straightforward. Great option for a GE.
5.0 : this was a fun class but a lot of the grading was based on which ta you had. prof bernards was engaging and interesting and his short online quizzes in class were easy if you watched the movie/read the reading. the final was fair and representative of what we learned. it was a lot of work for a ge class but it was worth it if you like the subject.
5.0 : He wrote me a letter of rec and I got a scholarship for it. Definitely a good dude and a great teacher.
4.5 : Honestly, Professor Yang is the nicest woman ever.  Class is decently easy.  She is just really a kind person and I enjoy her teaching style.  The class is a little boring, but since you have to take it, I'd recommend her.
4.0 : She's been in the industry for a while and she has a lot of connections. We had a few guest speakers, one of whom was the VP of Pandora and that was pretty dope. We didn't have any midterms and the final wasn't that bad. The lectures are kind of boring, but she's super nice and wants everyone to get something out of the class.
5.0 : One of the best classes I took at USC, negotiations gave me skills that I use regularly.   Professor Overbeck is a fantastic professor. Whoever was in charge of the decision to not give her tenure is an idiot and should quit before heshe harms the school further.  Seriously, it's a crime to lose a professor as good as Professor Overbeck.
5.0 : Jen gave one of the most memorable classes I've taken in my MBA @ Melbourne Business School so far. Her teaching style was engaging; giving us access to recorded webinars (Prezzi) before class, so classes could be spent doing face-to-face activities and discuss cases. So much more engaging than watching someone speak to slides. 5/5
4.0 : For 586, Professor Brown is HANDS DOWN the most understanding, sympathetic professor ever. She is so willing to work with you for whatever is going on in your life. She provides support as you practice with the client, and creates an atmosphere that is all about learning and growing. She's amazing and I wish I could have her for every class.
5.0 : She was an incredibly kind, caring, and respectful professor.  She provided excellent feedback and genuinely wants to make sure each student is successful.  The course is challenging but not because of her its just a work heavy class.
5.0 : Prof. Brown is caring, supportive, and  genuine.  We are encouraged to take risks and make mistakes in a learning environment where each member is made to feel safe and valued.  Prof. Brown is realistic about the demands of the course  which is refreshing.   Couldn't have asked for a better introduction to USC. I would take a class with her again.
5.0 : Miles is incredible.  HATES EXCUSES.  He noticed/taught me something no other teacher in 30 years has: Be an adult and own up to your lateness.  When there's no real excuse (and he KNOWS if you're being even a little bit sneaky) you learn to get things done and done WELL.   Be honest with him and he will do ANYTHING for his students!
5.0 : Miles is probably the best professor I've had. He really inspires you to continually look for improvement. He is real with you and says everything that needs to be said. It was awesome to have him has my professor and would love to have him again.
4.0 : Miles hates lateness, excuses, and interruptions. He's straight forward and loves movies and students very much. If I had to describe him in one word it would be respectable. A cantankerous grandpa and experienced filmmaker. Leave your nonsense at the door.
2.0 : I've taken Miles for 290 &amp; 310. I like making films with non-typical narratives &amp; Miles couldn't understand them. On top of that, whenever a female character would make choices he would always say 'she's doing this for (male character), right?'. He's nice and kind but an old man with old values. Great if you're a white guy, bad if you're not.
5.0 : Tough but worth it. Victor knows his stuff and, by the end of the course, so will you. Participation is key, attendance is mandatory, and don't slack off on assignments. You'll receive the grade you deserve. Even though this was my hardest class, all my friends were jealous because we got to go on really cool field trips all over Los Angeles.
4.0 : One of the best classes at USC. Lectures are long but Victor is extremely knowledgeable and offers a hands on experience that rivals few others.
5.0 : Victor is an amazing professor and guy! I took his GESM: California's Modern Masters of Housing Design, and fell in love with California architecture as a result. His lectures are detail heavy, and a little dry, but they make so much more sense on the field trips where you travel to certain houses you study in class. Pretty easy grader. RECOMMEND!!
5.0 : Fantastic professor! Absolutely hilarious. Very interesting guy with great stories. He's laid-back and friendly, but still gives great feedback on essays. Class was phenomenal every time. This was hands-down my favorite class.
5.0 : Amanda Pope is a gem. She is so cool in every way. You wont regret taking her class
5.0 : Paired with Boone's CORE 102. Learned so much about writing in these classes. Clear, to the point, and can juggle the 500 different objectives that CORE 111 has. Very experienced in teaching these classes. Take her for CORE 111 or 112, and you won't regret it.
4.0 : Overall good class, Professor Caron gives good lectures and tests aren't too hard.
4.0 : Dr. Caron was awesome - he never read off slides, in fact his slides are almost all pictures and he talks you through cool examples. Lectures were always really entertaining, tests were fair.
5.0 : Caron is a great lecturer and really knows his stuff. Tests are directly off the slides, buying the book is COMPLETELY unnecessary. As long as you study the slides you should be fine for the tests. Even though attendance is pretty optional, I'd recommend going just because he makes the material so much more understandable/enjoyable.
5.0 : This teacher is very helpful and is extremely intelligent.  The grading is very straightforward and an A is attainable. He makes you enjoy learning U.S. History.
4.5 : Professor Perl-Rosenthal is the man. His lectures are long but hilarious and his tests are very clear-cut. Participation matters in discussions big time so don't be shy.
3.0 : Projects are annoying and lectures are boring sometimes.
4.5 : He managed to turn a really boring class into something that was interesting and engaging! Although at times he does tend to lecture really quickly, he still manages to bring his points across clearly. Be prepared to work for your grade though. Previous reviews had pegged this as an easy A, but it certainly wasn't when I took it.
5.0 : This prof is great!
4.0 : Very passionate for American History. If you read the textbook and attend lecture the class is an easy A with very easy midterm and final. Easy in the sense that it is spelled out what is expected of you, and what it will take to score well. It's up to you to do it. High recommend.
5.0 : Excellent professor.  Incredibly knowledgeable about US history and communicates that knowledge very well.  Class is structured logically and is very informative, even if you've taken APUSH or other history classes.  Very willing to listen to students and receive feedback.  Hilarious guy.  Very passionate about the subject.  Readings semi-optional.
5.0 : Professor Tomkins is WONDERFUL! WRIT 340 is a required class at USC and he makes it not only bearable, but enjoyable as well. Tomkins utilizes blog postings on blackboard as well as the typical essay structure to engage students and he is a lot of fun in class. If you can, try to get into his WRIT 140 and 340 class!
4.5 : Professor Tomkins expects you to work hard but gives great detailed feedback and really cares about improving your writing.  I would take this class again, and I went into it expecting to hate every minute.  Thank you Professor Tomkins!
5.0 : This guys is the best English teacher in USC and in the United States. He is clear, articulate, concise and very wise.His lectures are not only interesting but also very fun.He engages the whole class room and has a very special personality.He is approachable as well as humble and nice.Take him, and you're lucky if you get the class.
3.0 : He kind of sucks. He is really hard and thinks he is the smartest and best thing out there. Very conceited. I would be careful taking his class, though he is clear and and straightforward he expects a lot and is one of the teachers that thinks his class is the only class you have to do work for.
4.0 : He was great and gave great feedback. He made Writing 150 more bearable and his the topics we wrote about were actually interesting. Highly recommend if you want a helpful writing teacher.
3.5 : Grading is harsh. The rubric is brutal. Lots of reading.  Does not provide much feedbacks on your writing.
5.0 : Dr. Lee is great, I got more interested in Macro Practice because of her class than I ever thought I could be.  She is very knowledgeable in the different fields of Social Work and has great life experiences to share.
4.5 : Dr. Lee is funny and is very helpful. If you are passionate about an issue she will support you and will guide you in the right direction. She lectures long but that is because she is very knowledgeable and passionate about various issues and she truly cares about her students. She comes from a diverse background professionally. Is a fair grader.
5.0 : Fantastic professor, only class where everyone participates and works hard.  I  had to step up my writing skills and it made a difference across every class I had.  Only indigenous professor I ever had which gave me insight into cultural competency.  Besides a MSW and Ph,D she is also a JD. She speaks from a strong practice perspective and is open
4.5 : Awesome. Supportive. Best professor.. she is not boring.  She takes a hard course and turns us into believers.  Very passionate about policy and competent across the board.  If she doesn't know, she will do the research and find out.  For what we pay for our graduate Ed you want to take a PhD like Dr Lee.  She got her PhD from USC.
5.0 : Amazing Instructor!!
5.0 : She is a very caring professor, she bent over backward to help our class when we couldn't get a senator to meet us to do a lobbying project. She gives great feedback, really cares about her students, and she is very funny. You will not go wrong if you pick her for your teacher.
4.0 : I was not a fan the fist time I took her class, but by the middle of the second time she was one of my favorites. If you care about the cause, she'll back you 100%, and support you outside of class even. An absolute asset!
3.0 : I had a group project throughout the entire course. The other two members were absolute flakes. I pulled teeth to get them to do their work. I missed class because I was hospitalized &amp; offered proof &amp; Lee declined it. My group missed 3+ classes. I was docked because of this absence. While I still received a high A, I find this conduct unethical.
5.0 : He is very knowledgeable and is one of my favorite professors in the tax program.
5.0 : Great class content.  Very helpful.
2.0 : Not a fan.  Dr. Slayton should practice what she preaches. Found her to be judgmental and unapproachable.  No tolerance for opinions that differed from her own.  Did not enjoy my class with her-she was the most undesirable professor within the concentration.  Her teaching style did not benefit anyone in the class, couldn't wait for the term to end.
4.0 : Other than not receiving  our semester papers back until the FINAL week of classes, she's awesome!! Really easygoing great learning experience
5.0 : Lots of experience. She keeps the class moving with discussion.  Everyone participates.
5.0 : Very informative as well as extensive experience and advice!!!!
4.5 : Awesome instructor. Does not stress over APA, she is more interested in content than format. Very open to discussions in class and amazingly helpful.
5.0 : I had Prof. Allgood for 2 courses during my graduate program. I wish I could have had her for every course. By far one of the best teachers and classes I've ever had. Get ready to learn a lot, give your opinion in class, and hear some amazing real stories during lectures. She has so much experience and knowledge. I will never forget her classes.
1.0 : She provided a platform for students to feel safe discussing issues about topics and the field of social work. However, she told us "not to sweat the small stuff" when assignment 2 grades were not submitted until August 14th. We never received our final papers.
5.0 : Best professor at USC. Rented the textbook and never opened it. You MUST attend lectures because her exams are based off of them. She is as clear as her exams. There is no way that you will get anything lower than a B in your overall grade. 4 assignments (no papers) where you answer short questions. EC is given for JEP only.
3.0 : She does not take attendance and uploads PPTS, but go lecture for the details that aren't in PPTs. The readings are academic articles that can be quite challenging, but she uploads all of them and you don't have to buy a textbook. Don't have to read all of them since people will present their chosen reading in class. The tests are super easy.
5.0 : Dr. Moll is very clear in her lectures. You'll know what you have to expect. Her slides are really straight-forward and her exams are overall easy. She knows a lot about the subject and gives students the chance to express themselves. Highly recommended!
2.5 : DO NOT TRUST THE REVIEWS FROM RATE MY PROFESSORS FOR THIS PROFESSOR. She is a good professor but no THAT GREAT. She is unclear and it is sometimes hard to understand what she is saying. She couldn't answer students' questions during the lecture clearly. She gives assignments and her grading system is kinda not clear.. Eh. wouldn't recommend.
4.5 : INCREDIBLY SWEET!!!! great teacher
4.0 : Lectures are decent and straight-forward. This class is an easy A if you memorize the power points and show up to class. The questions in the writing assignment can be a little unclear, so make sure to look at them ahead of time so you can ask questionsclarify. Overall, if you don't do well, it's because you were lazy.
5.0 : Dr. Parra is great. Yes, she's a bit boring, but she's available when you need her, she gives great feedback, and she cares about her students and them understanding the material. Participation us a huge deal in this class, so don't be afraid to ask questions if you don't understand some of the material. Chances are, other students don't either.
5.0 : Parra is one of the best professors I have ever had, and definitely one of the best in the School of Social Work at USC.  She is completely dedicated to students and goes above and beyond to ensure that you understand the material.  She explains difficult concepts in a way that makes them seem simple and is readily available by phonetextemail
4.5 : Professor Para is very helpful, knowledgeable, and a fair grader. If you attend class regularly, take notes, complete the A-Synch work, and study the exam study guides you will pass her class with an A. Do not over-think her test questions; long answers are not required. Follow her study guides. Don't waste time writing essays on the exams.
4.5 : Though she is a bit dry, she is very helpful and gives great comments on the papers. At times however she does not get grades back when she states she will which is frustrating. Overall, a VERY difficult class, however felt manageable with Parra as my professor
4.5 : The material is interesting, but he speaks extremely slowly, so if you're not interested it may be hard to stay awake. He can get off-topic. Some of the material can be tricky if you're not crazy about math. But, he makes himself very available to  help students, and workload is manageable. He seems to enjoy teaching.
5.0 : Through Professor Nojoumian's excellent teaching, I learned much about Persian language and gained many unique opportunities to study and travel. More concretely, it's surprising how quickly and efficiently he is able to teach you the slippery and difficult Arabic alphabet in one semester. Put in the effort, and you'll learn more than you expect.
5.0 : If you are a heritage student, this class should be an easy A. You learn a lot because he is a good and relatively lenient teacher. He makes things seem really challenging in the beginning, but definitely eases up throughout the semester. You have to do the homework every day because he checks it. Tests are usually way easier than the material.
5.0 : Prof. Nojoumian is a chill and (sometimes inadvertently) funny professor. You get what you want out of the class, and he pretty much matches your pace since language classes are so small. Definitely improved my Persian and he's really knowledgeable on the subject and has developed his own website and textbooks and all that. Definitely take him!
5.0 : She is one of the nicest teachers I have encountered during my time at SC. She truly cares about her students and wants them to succeed. The class is more statistics based than I anticipated, but it was not too difficult and Professor Jian did a good job helping us through it and even offered significant extra credit. Awesome teacher, great class
2.5 : 5 assignments that you have a week to do. Midterm and final are straight forward, just do the practice tests and know the study guide. When she gets to certain topics, she doesn't explain them well so it helps to be in class. Boring, long lectures where lecture material is posted beforehand and she basically just reads them word for word. nice tho
4.5 : Dr. Marlowe is fun and very informative, but her edginess isn't for everyone.  Expectations are straightforward, though beware she's anal about being on time with attendance and homework. One reading + a 2-3 page summary per week, one big group project, a reflection paper on the project, and a midterm &amp; final that are both open book - not too hard.
5.0 : Dr. Marlowe is by far the best professor I have had at USC. She cares so much about her students and if you go to class prepared (which is not hard to do) and engage in conversation, you will gain so much. She is hilarious, understanding, and so knowledgeable about management and HR. Take this class if you can!
5.0 : She not only teaches about organizations, management, and leadership on a formal setting, but also teaches about and encourages, and even fosters personal development, which is uncommon even from faculty who have a dual academia/professional background. She also encourages students to share, so we can learn from our peers. Also attractive.
5.0 : Sasha is the most passionate teacher I have ever had. She absolutely loves what she does and wants you to love it too. Would definitely recommend this GESEM
5.0 : One of the most fun GSEMs! Instead of structuring class around papers and readings, the class is structured around performances. You truly go behind the scenes through workshops with actors, radio editing, museums, and dance rehearsals! About half of classes have guest lecturers. ALSO SHE BRINGS SNACKS TO EVERY CLASS. And you publish for Annenberg!
5.0 : Super easy GESM with Sasha and she is so nice and fairly oblivious to most stuff. 70% of grade is showing up to events and 2 short articles, other 30% is C/NC easy assignments. Great class, she's a lot of fun, really nice, and always brings food. Events are on weekends though, so be prepared to give some free time to the class.
5.0 : Sasha is a great professor and you're going to LOVE her and the class from the first day. It's a really easy class and getting an A is a joke if you do everything she asks of you. You'll have to attend some events out of class so be prepared. Most of grade is just attendance and credit/ no credit assignments. Easily the most fun and scoring GESM.
4.5 : She is the BEST professor I've ever gad! Even though the subject is hard, she is really keen on helping you understand. If you at least skim the reading, the lectures will make sense and you will get an A.  TAKE NOTES.
5.0 : LOVED this class! Maura is an amazing teacher and made it all make sense. I learned so much and loved what I learned :)
5.0 : If you are required to take this class, you are actually blessed. Maura is the best professor I've ever had the pleasure of taking a class with. I never wanted the classes to end. She makes dense material easily understandable and is very excited about the subject. She was the beacon of light between my language requirement and a terrible GE.
4.0 : Maura is an excellent teacher. She breaks down the readings into easier to understand material in class. The class is a mix of philosophy and art theory, and I loved every minute of it. Definitely a class worth taking--even if you're not an art major. Highly recommend.
4.5 : Truly cares about the students.  Basically no work for the entire semester - least work by far compared to other 302 classes. You will likely get a B+ though... no idea why, but grading is really arbitrary and most kids get B's.  Awesome prof regardless.  Don't expect an A though
1.0 : Worst learning experience in USC. Class is super easy, but the grading criteria is vague, and she doesn't consider your improvement at all.
5.0 : Janna is the best. Actually makes WRIT 340 (which is one of the worst classes at SC), bearable and actually kind of fun. She is super nice and a very fair grader. Make sure to meet with her throughout the semester and get to know her. She cares about her students and unlike other WRIT professors doesn't arbitrarily dish out grades. TAKE HER CLASS.
5.0 : Good professor. Made a required class bareable.
4.5 : Good teacher. Helps with the progression of your work and really pushes you to work hard on your photos. He doesn't really give you any work back graded till the end and won't say how you're doing in the class which is a bummer. Overall a fun class and he's pretty snarky sometimes, he's a bruin alumni but works at usc which I thought was funny.
5.0 : Kate is an amazing person and professor. She cares about each and every person in the class and tailors her lectures to the needs of her students. Assignments are fun, practical, and great precursor to real-world PR applications. This is one of the best classes I have taken at Annenberg, and probably USC as a whole. TAKE THIS CLASS.
5.0 : Great professor that have interesting and informational lectures. Strong PR experience and background. Cares about her students with passion. Really helpful and truly want you to do good. Encouraging and positive. Brings in the yummiest homemade snack :) Learned a lot. Go to classes and you'd be fine :)
4.0 : Kate is a great teacher! Would take her class again in a heart beat. She gives great feedback and teaches you material that is essential in the PR field. She also has a lot of experience so there is a lot to learn from her. Pretty fair grader and a pretty easy class if you put in the effort.
4.5 : I've taken her class twice now, and would go for a third if I could. She is entertaining to talk to, and gives a lot of helpful feedback. There is a good bit of writing, but nothing more than what a job would ask of you. She is a moderate grader, so be careful with grammar mistakes. Go to class, and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Kate is a great professor. She is always available to help or clarify anything you may need. Some people felt that the assignments were tough or she was a hard grader, but all you have to do is ask and she will help you in a heartbeat. I am now in my first internship and I have used everything she taught in class; I found her class very beneficial.
4.0 : Professor Jacobs is a pretty tough grader, but her feedback is extremely helpful. I've learned so many valuable skills that I will actually use later. Follow instructions and work hard and the class is very doable. She cares about students' success.
4.5 : Absolutely amazing professor. Wish I would take her for every JOUR class to come!
4.0 : Kate Jacobs is a very good professor. She's not particularly doting, but she cares about every student in her class and wants them to do well. She's not an easy grader, but gives good feed back. For PR 351a, the final project is a TON of work. As in more work than all the homework from the semester combined. Get started before you think you need to
5.0 : Professor Jacobs is one of the best professors I have ever had. She is able to make her lectures interesting while still teaching us everything that is important. She also does a really good job of connecting with and getting to know all of the students in the class. I would absolutely recommend her to anyone in the PR program.
4.5 : I took her GE 5: Jews and Muslims and it was amazing!! She is really passionate about what she teaches and is extremely knowledgable about the subject matter.  She really wants her students to excel so if you are interested in religion, the Middle East, or culturehistory of JewishMuslim relations--I highly recommend the class!
5.0 : I love Dr. Marglin. She speaks six languages (including Hebrew and Arabic) and is incredibly well-read in religious literature. It's totally not hard to get an A and you should want to be interested in the class. Religion is so integral to the way that human thought creates society and she is a great avenue to explore the conflict between peoples.
4.0 : No tests but lots of papers and tons of daily reading although I didn't do any of it and I still did okay. Prof Marglin was nice and very enthusiastic but this large, droning class made it very hard for me to pay attention to what she was saying. Good professor, bad class.
4.5 : She's an incredible person and her lectures are very engaging and interesting. Show up, be engaged (you don't have to read) and you're sure to pass.
5.0 : Prof Marglin is the professor who always look for when registering for classes. Reading is long and dense but always interesting the rewarding. She does an amazing job breaking down concepts so that they are digestible. Classroom environment is amazing. Tough grader on assignments but gives great feedback. Really cares about her students. 10/10.
5.0 : Wow wow wow wow Prof. Marglin is so cool and smart. She's everything you want in a professor. Yeah, the class size was way too large but i still managed to pay attn to her during lecture. The assignments were easy af. The readings were a ton but i never read and i passed. Take any class with her, she's amazing and nice.
4.5 : Really wants whats best for her students. Participate in class and go to her office hours before a paper is due and you'll be fine. Doesn't always lecture, but when she does its a ton of information, mostly because she's so passionate about Jews and Muslims. Incredibly personable and knowledgable.
5.0 : Prof Marglin is really nice and her lectures are really clear. If you put in the effort, it should be possible to get B+/A-. There's only 1 quiz for the whole semester, and it's mostly reading and writing, which isn't too bad. There's a take home exam, and there's a lot of easy credit from discussion and stuff
5.0 : She is so nice and is extremely enthusiastic about teaching. She gets you excited about her class. Her class her class consists of: homework readings, 3 two page essays, 1 five page essay, and a final 6-8 page essay.  She wants every one to do well. I would definitely recommend taking her classes or any class in the religion department.
5.0 : Professor Marglin was absolutely fantastic! My class (Jews and Muslims) used an outside reader, and classes focused on discussions and lectures related to the content of the readings. There are 4-5 papers assigned during the semester. She gives great feedback and is always there to help. If you're looking for a GESM120, take her class!
5.0 : Outstanding professor--one of the best I've ever had. He challenges you to think in original ways and sincerely wants you to come away smarter and more thoughtful.  Honestly, this was one of my most profound experiences ar USC.
5.0 : Professor Feuer is great.  His class is engaging from start to finish.  The longest paper is approximately 2500 words.  He lets you revise 2/4 papers and gives you an extension on one.  I would take him for sure-- great guy.
3.0 : He expects the world out of you- for all essays you need to write about a topic that no one else has ever thought of before- that's hard to do. If you prevail, you will be a better writer than you ever thought you could be; but it is not easy to do. Sometimes says negative comments that put pressure 'don't clap yet, her presentation might be bad'
2.0 : The worst class I've had at USC.  Very unorganized and had favorites.  His grading is questionable too.
5.0 : Dr. Feuer was hands down my favorite professor at USC thus far. I took him for writing 340 and he completely helped improve my writing skills. You can tell the guy is a genius. Everyday we had interesting discussions in class and the work load was not difficult to manage. I would highly recommend him!
4.5 : Lauren's really helpful and caring when you take the time to really talk about your ideas with her. She grades strictly, especially if you decide to bash liberal views, but I feel as though my writing improved significantly and she was exactly the kind of 140 teacher you want.
5.0 : Really great guy. wants students to care about learning the Holocaust. Class material is very interesting although his lectures sometimes tend to be a bit of a drag. Assigns 3 books but never uses them in a test or anything so no worries and 3 essays as well but they're easy (grades easy too) The 2 tests are a bit tricky but otherwise easy class.
5.0 : Nick Strimple is the greatest teacher at USC.  His class on music in the Holocaust changed my life.  The class itself is very interesting.  There are three papers but they are graded very easily.  The midterm and final are difficult but he curves them. Definitely take this class it's amazing
5.0 : Honestly if you don't take Strimple for your GE 5 you are making a mistake. All you have to do is show up for class and you will do well. There are 3 papers all very easy if you are a decent writer. The midterm and final is also easy if you pay attention when he does the review. Highly recommend this class because its easy and he's a great teacher.
5.0 : Strimple is the BEST. He brings in Holocaust survivors and one of our projects was to interview a Holocaust survivor---very interesting and artistic course. Learned a lot about music and art during the Holocaust and met many intriguing people. Workload is EXTREMELY manageable and you'll get an A if you pay attention in class and study the material.
5.0 : Professor Strimple was the sweetest professor I have ever had. I took Holocaust &amp; the Creative Impulse with him for my GSEM. He is extremely passionate about the Holocaust and I have never met someone with so much knowledge about this subject matter. If you have interest in the Holocaust, definitely take it! He is a super easy grader and the BEST!
2.0 : I have a mixed feeling. On one hand, he is very responsible and generous. However, his ego is too big that he has to diminish everyone even his students to make himself superb. This attitude is by all means immature. I agree it is meaningless to give everyone 100, but it is also wrong to go to another extreme and make an exam impossible to all.
5.0 : I feel like I SHOULD like Paat personally but for some reason I don't. With that aside, he's EXCELLENT - highly organized, explains things very well, does a decent job of making things meaningful &amp; on the whole if more professors were like him people would be much better educated. It would be a travesty to not rate him 5 on helpfulness and clarity.
4.0 : Doctor Roll is very enthusiastic and helpful. There is a lot of memorization involved. Study for the quizzes, they really do add up. Take advantage of all the extra credit- it'll help in the end. The tests are challenging, especially the lab portion, but doable if you put in considerable time studying. Otherwise, quite an interesting class
5.0 : Great class
5.0 : Dr. Roll taught me how important it is to keep up with studying with his weekly quizzes--I felt like I studied for a midterm every week! Honestly one of the most memorable classes I've had at USC though, as well as the cadaver lab. His dry sense of humor is hilarious and keeps you engaged in class, but bring snacks because it's a long class period.
4.5 : The tests are tough, Roll makes you study hard.
5.0 : Roll is great at explaining details and making anatomy memorable. His exams are difficult but as long as you study, you will pass. The laboratory part of the course usually comprises the last hour of each lecture.If you are squeamish about seeing dead bodies, do not take this class.
5.0 : Tough class and lots of material to learn, but definitely of the best professors ever!
5.0 : I LOVE THIS TEACHER! This class is difficult, but that's to be expected, once you understand that it will be a tiring class, Roll is an incredible teacher. Highly recommend
5.0 : Super laid back.. Very very lenient on homework and quizzes.. She is very fast paced, however, she teaches the material well and will stay after-hours if you need help. Fun class. There is homework in the booklet but it is easy and she gives plenty of time.
5.0 : Dr. Shan is the best! She has long lectures, but they are explained very well. Homework is due pretty often, but she is very very lenient on due dates. Very laid back, but also pushes you to succeed. She is pretty fast paced, but if you have any questions she will answer them thoroughly
5.0 : Liao laoshi is genuinely helpful, kind, and caring towards her students! Her engaging teaching style encourages everyone to participate, which is crucial towards learning the language. Her assignments are all very reasonable, and even then she's very understanding if you need extra time or help. My Chinese improved a ton in her class!
5.0 : Liao laoshi is one of the most fun teachers I have had at USC.  She makes every class fun.  Once you get the structure of the class down, you'll do well.  Easy to make friends in her classes.
5.0 : Liao laoshi is a great Chinese teacher, and you will learn a lot from her. She is always makes jokes and is very dramatic when she teaches which makes the class more fun. The exams are taken online (4 total). While there is a lot of homework, if you do it all, you will learn a lot.
5.0 : This was hands-down my favorite class this past semester. Liao laoshi really cares about her students - she is easily accessible, always willing to help and answer questions, and encourages us to do our best. She makes learning Chinese fun and relatable. I'm planning on taking more of her classes in the future.
5.0 : Aside from being a total babe of a professor, she is extremely nice, outgoing, and really makes the effort to go above-and-beyond.
5.0 : Liao laoshi is literally my favorite instructor for EALC chinese. She's the nicest, most honest, and helpful instructor in ealc. Take her and you won't regret it.
5.0 : Liao Laoshi is a) one of the most sweetest people on the planet and b) a phenomenal teacher. She's honestly just so nice and willing to help, and offers ways to make up work or explore the culture. She's also very organized, which is awesome. You do have to do a lot of homework, but it's not unreasonable and you need it to learn the language.  A+!
5.0 : Liao laoshi is the best Chinese teacher ever. She is extremely animated when she teaches, so you can easily attach emotions to new vocabulary to learn it quickly. I called my old high school Chinese teacher at the end of the semester, and she thought my improvement came from years of studying - nope just one semester with Liao laoshi!!
5.0 : Dr. Torres is one of the most interesting and helpful teachers I've had in college. The syllabus comes off as a bit intimidating, but it was all well worth it. You will learn a lot from her! Take her!
5.0 : She is amazing!!! I am taking a Women's Lit class of hers at Mount Saint Mary's and am so happy to be in her class. It is a lot of reading but it's really good reading. Her approach and discussions are interesting and very participatory. She is very clear and precise.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Professor Jackson is fantastic orator and he makes difficult religious concepts easy to understand through hilarious anecdotes. Highly recommend. If you pay attention, you'll earn the A. But try not to skip out on classes, because you'll regret it when you realize that there aren't many other professors that speak/teach like him.
4.5 : Prof Jackson is an amazing teacher - lecturing always with such contagious enthusiasm. He's a very kind man and is so patient and willing to explain concepts over and over until someone understands them. I would highly recommend taking a class with him. One should note that reading is NOT ever used - bought books and never touched them.
5.0 : Where to start.  Professor Jackson is a brilliant, kind, and passionate man.  He opened my eyes up to a different side of Islam in a respectful manner. I would HIGHLY suggest taking his class, he is truly one of a kind.  (And for those who just want a easy class, its easy to get a B with no effort, A with a little effort)
5.0 : Prof. Jackson is fantastic. His lectures made excited to wake up and go to a morning class. His mastery of Islamic Law and his charisma when speaking make you want to delve further into the subject. Tests are easy if you pay attention in class. He's very accessible and will talk with you at length after class. Would absolutely recommend him.
4.0 : Cares about students
5.0 : By far one of the most brilliant professors at USC. He speaks intellectually and goes deep into the material, but somehow manages to make it relatable, clear, and funny at the same time. Bought the books but didn't use them too much (lectures cover most readings.) Not the easiest A, but pretty doable. Can't rave about it enough. TAKE THIS CLASS!
4.0 : Great professor. Lecture material is dry but Jackson does his best to captivate the students' interest. Funny.  1 midterm, 1 paper, 1 final. Easy.
5.0 : I can confidently say Prof. Jackson is one of the best professors/teachers I've ever had. He has a rare ability to make the most boring of lecture material still entertaining and lively; I've never left class without at least chuckling a couple of times. This is probably one of the best GEs USC offers and I would definitely recommend him.
5.0 : I had difficulty selecting just three positive tags for Dr. Jackson. He's a fantastic professor who really cares about his subject. His lectures are always interesting and he's both intellectual and down-to-earth. He's hilarious. There's no reason not to attend his lectures. Lots of reading but you can avoid most of it if you attend lectures.
5.0 : I had Professor Jackson my first semester of my freshman year at USC and he was awesome! You don't need to do any reading at all- literally did not open any of the books I got. That being said, he tells you everything you need to know in lecture. Amazing lectures but you should be interested in it/history. 1 midterm, paper, final. Take for your GE!
5.0 : I wish more GEs were like this one. Heres the info - 1 midterm, 1 book report, 1 final. That's all. Study guide given (with answers) for midterm and for final. 95% of the exam comes straight from the study guide. Book review is 10 pages on any book about Islam. Attendance is recorded with a sign-in sheet. Didn't open the textbook once, unnecessary
5.0 : Professor Jackson is an amazing lecturer who clearly knows the material. He breaks down the important information into digestible parts and provides a lot of helpful examples to illustrate main points. I came out of this class knowing much more about the Islamic religion than I thought was possible. 1 midterm, 1 final, 1 paper, &amp; attendance. Take!
4.5 : Hands down my favorite professors. I really wish there were more professors like Sherman. He's by far one of the most talented orators, and I would totally take his class again. Not too hard, but you definitely need to put effort into the class if you want that A. But Professor's accessible and he's there for you! Definitely recommend. TAKE IT!
5.0 : Very nice professor!  He is a fair grader and is helpful.  I would take another class with him.
4.5 : Dr. Hunter is a very nice person.  He gives good examples that relate to the work.  He is easy to work with and knows the material.
4.0 : Fantastic, highly motivating teacher. Most of us started with little interest in policy and finished feeling confident and excited about the subject. Complete the asynch by the night before, volunteer in class and you should do well. This professor was probably the best I've ever had.
4.5 : Dr. Hunter is a kind and generous man. It is a privilege to learn from him. He is a fair grader and as long as you meet the requirements of the paper you will be graded well.
3.0 : Participation is key !!!!!! He will call on you several times throughout class. Make sure you read all coursework before class and be prepared to answer questions. Volunteering to answer is better. He thoroughly reads all papers and being on point with APA style is key. He will deduct points. Good professor.
5.0 : Dr. Hunter is excellent instructor please take him at least once. Very fair grader and interesting class.
5.0 : Dr. Hunter is a phenomenal professor!   He encourages all students to voice their opinion on the topic being discussed in the VAC classroom.  Be sure to keep up with the reading.  He grades fair, and quickly returns your graded assignments back to you.  He is easy going with a great sense of humor.  I definitely would take Dr. Hunter again.
2.0 : Took Policy and Advocacy in Professional Social Work. In-class time felt like a waste. Mostly spent time in discussion with classmates and little time was spent talking about what was actually covered in course material. Never saw feedback on my papers and got easy As. Don't feel like I got anything worthwhile out of him as a prof.
4.0 : Cool guy but the final was ridiculous. Study everything
5.0 : One of the best at USC! Willing to meet during, after, and outside of class to discuss your writing or direction in academics generally. You need to watch most films outside of the class, but she shows a lot of clips and other multimedia in lectures. She gives a break halfway through lecture. So smart, kind, patient, and passionate!
5.0 : Very smart and always provides intellectually stimulating perspectivesideas on topics discussed. Respectful towards her students. Also very considerate. Leads interesting seminars and I would personally like to study under her as a PhD student. EALCEAAS majors should all take this as an upper div. Interesting + Easy if you like the subject matter
3.0 : The course has greatly changed since the favorable review left in 2012. Most of the films and many assigned readings were long and boring. The level of film analysis and dissection required to do well on essays/exams was unfair for an EALC class. Thought it would be my easiest class, became my hardest class. Cautiously stay past the drop deadline.
2.0 : You should take this class if you: 1. Love Korean films that before 1990. 2. Expert and film analysis and production concepts. 3. Want to challenge yourself. 4. Learn about Korean history and its connection to Korean film. Extremely difficult class, contrary to previous reviews. Regret taking this and ruining my chances of a 4.0 this semester.
5.0 : Korean Film: Loved her class and loved her so much! You watch about half the films in class and the rest on your own. She pushes you to work hard, but you will learn a lot about film, culture, gender and history. She is a really eloquent speaker and is genuinely nice. Super helpful in office hours. A must take!
5.0 : Lots of great lectures from professionals in the advertising field. Group project turned out to be interesting and fun! Learned a lot about what it  would be like to work in the advertising industry. Prof Getty is the president at one of the biggest ad agencies, great at teaching and cares about students. One of my favorite classes of the semester.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC. I wish he taught more classes in structural engineering. He answered every question I asked and was very helpful.
5.0 : He is a wonderful professor. I like studying structural engineering and he made it more interesting with his experience. Advance design of steel structures is a class where you need to stay focused and in his class I never lost any. His teaching shows his skill and experience.
4.5 : This guy is great.  His lectures are really clear and concise.  He's super friendly and doesn't waste your time if he finishes lecturing before class time is up.  Easy assignments (a few case study write ups), lots of interactive in class group work, but the tests are a little specific due to the format and inclusion of specific percentages.
3.0 : He is a very nice person but I think the class used to be easier in the past so he decided to make a ridiculous format for the midterms (basically a ton of true or false questions). He uses old cases and does not seem like a successful businessperson to learn from. Overall great guy but does not lead particularly informative or valuable lectures.
5.0 : one of my few favorite buad classes and professors
3.0 : Idk how i ended up getting an B+. Its an easy class but because its easy and everyone does relatively we'll. A's are spares. I wouldn't recommend to those who care about their gpa. Its basically a smaller version of baud304 and that was a nightmare.
5.0 : Dave is such an inspiring guy, and brings out the best in everyone he interviews for the class. It's a unique experience and one of the best I've had at USC. We've had Pete Carroll, Cindy Crawford, a cofounder of Myspace, a screenwriter, a marketing mogul, CEOs, etc. Amazing for anyone who wants to be entrepreneurial in whatever they do.
3.5 : THIS CLASS AND TEACHER ARE AMAZING!!!! A MUST TAKE FOR ANY USC STUDENT!
5.0 : BEST CLASS AT USC.  No matter what your major is at USC, this class is a must.  It's a speaker series, so there's no "lecture", just interviews with some of the most inspiring, successful, well-known entrepreneurs.  You will leave class every day invigorated.  Nothing stressful, Prof Belasco makes it all exciting, fun, and about self reflection.
1.0 : we had to read a book a week. why she is rated and nobody says hey you have to buy 7 books, pick 5 to do a biblio on and you are going to write 3 papers, attend musical and only miss class no more than twice. I'm thinking she wrote these reviews. good luck.
5.0 : (for Literature and Culture in the Age of Copies)  The best course I took freshman year. The bibliography was fascinating, the lectures were deep and interesting, and Prof. Tongson is just...a great person! Highly recommended.
4.0 : Professor Tongson is AWESOME! She is really passionate about what she teaches. Tests are so easy that I got near 100%. She is so direct and clear about the testing criteria. Just memorize it all and you'll most likely get 100%. Theres two Papers (really shorts, three pages each), one midterm, and final. Trust me, you'll get A in this class.
5.0 : This was the easiest class I've taken at USC. Would really recommend as a grade booster or if you still have to take GE VI. She's really clear in what she wants on the tests - I got 100% on one. The papers are also really short, only 3 pages long.
5.0 : Nice woman, but lectures are sometimes her saying simple ideas in complicated language. Barely any writing. 1 essay, midterm, final, &amp; group presentations. Didn't know how I was doing until midterm, because very little grade feedback. Structures lectures around lit themes &amp; takes attendance. Quote and author recognition is basically your grade.
5.0 : Professor Koffman is the best teacher for teaching the 611 class. He is very knowledgeable, very supportive, and has great sense of humors. For paper assignments, he always provides his students clear guidance and instructions. If you follow the provided instructions, you will do "very well" on all papers. I highly recommend his class!
5.0 : He is the best teacher for 611 course at USC. He is very open-minded, has sense of humors, and professional. I love how he explained course materials and made hard lessons much easier for students. Love style of his teaching!
5.0 : Professor Koffman is so amazing.  Love his personalities and perspective as well as his teaching methodology. I highly recommend my teacher for your next class.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have ever had. Great teacher and makes the class so interesting with his lectures. I highly recommend you taking his class.
4.0 : I'm glad I had Koffman for 611. He made the material interesting. He really attempts to engage his students and encourages feedback. He gave good feedback for the first two assignments, but I didn't get any feedback for the group presentation and the feedback for the final assignment was minimal. He's quite lively and funny, take him if you can!
5.0 : Thank you Professor Koffman.  You opened my eyes, now I look at issues from different angles.
4.0 : Professor Koffman is energetic, engaging and entertaining. He expects class engagement and is passionate in what he does. I do have to say though he can be a little impatient, speaks really fast, and he is kind of a guys guy. Seemed to have a slight affinity for the guys in class. Overall, he is a great professor in terms of energy and engagement.
3.0 : Professor Koffman is highly energized. He engages the class and encourages class participation. However, he appears distracted, self-involved and at times, insensitive. He grades erratically as well.
5.0 : gets your papers back quickly, good feedback. very unique and engaging teacher who will spark your interest in the topic.
5.0 : Professor Koffman's class should be mandatory for all Social Work students at USC. This was by far one of the best courses I took throughout my graduate program. I would recommend this class to anyone. This class involves work, but you learn a lot about yourself. It's worth it, and PK cares about all of his students. Puts effort into every lecture.
5.0 : Professor Koffman is great! He is very inspirational especially when it coms to leadership. He's a little bit of a tough grader, but nothing too scary. I enjoy his Leadership course and I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Professor Bikson is a very knowledgeable, kind, caring, supportive, and lovely teacher. She always provides her students the clear instructions, amazing  lectures, and clear feedback. If you follow her instructions how to write your paper assignment, you will do "very well" in this class. She is the best teacher for teaching SOWK 636 class!
5.0 : I love Dr. Bikson' teaching methodology and personalities. She always gives her students great quality of lectures; sheexplains class/teaching materials very clearly and very well. For personalities, she is very caring, very kind, and very supportive to her students. If you follow her instructions, you will do well on all papers :)
2.5 : Horrible experience.
1.5 : I found her to be extremely judgmental when your attendance and work is not in line with what she expects. However, she never explicitly says what she expects, but then beats down on your work. Would NOT recommend her teaching, I left many classes feeling angry and annoyed.
5.0 : Dr. Bikson is a great professor!  She is kind and caring.  Further, she is very knowledgeable and is able to teach so that students understand.
5.0 : She is very supportive and knows how to make hard lessons easier for her students. This course had never been easy and could make your head spin! Students really need teachers who really understand how to present course materials to students who have little idea about research evaluation. I highly recommend Professor Bikson for your 632 course.
5.0 : I learned so much from attending my this class. I love the way she taught, explained course materials, and interacted with her students. She is very lovely, very professional, and very kind.
5.0 : Dr. Bikson is amazing! Love her  class. Highly recommend this Professor for your next class.
4.5 : This profession is very encouraging and makes you feel free to express yourself in class. Very frank with sensitive topics and knowledgeable on the subject matters. However, she is a tough grader and will make her expectations clear. If you like a challenge-this is the class. Very supportive and motivating but a tough grader.
5.0 : She is the best teacher I have ever had at MSW program. This great teacher makes the class so interesting.
4.0 : She was a good professor but did tend to talk a lot. I never read the book although it was required. I got all 100% expect on class participation.
5.0 : Professor Bikkson gives very specific feedback and helpful guidance.  Professor Bikson is passionate about the work and teaching you to be a great professional.  I would take another class with her if I could.
5.0 : Professor Bikson was a wonderful professor. She does a great job of creating discussions between her students, and always brings great topics in to discuss. I looked forward to taking her class every week.
4.5 : Dr. Bikson is the best!!...  she's a tough grader... she engaged the entire class in all discussions.   its important to stay on top of the readings, coursework and syllabus to earn a good grade. i am looking forward to taking more of her classes.
4.0 : Emily was a good teacher. For an online class I expected her to be more hands on. If you read the chapters (even though tests are all open book, and timed) you'll pass. Assignments are incredibly easy. Literally a class that requires minimal effort, I'd take her again.
4.0 : His lectures are really more like class discussions and he does a good job of trying to get the whole class involved. He's really funny and not remotely boring to listen or talk to. He cares and is willing to meet with you outside of class to help you. However he is a hard grader and I saw little improvement in my grades on my papers.
1.0 : Tells you on the first day that he doesn't give A's. A really funny guy, but I don't feel like My writing improved.
1.0 : Funny guy, but a lot of the work seemed like it would be better suited for junior high. "Thesis speed dating"? All the ice-breakers? I would have preferred to focus on writing.
5.0 : Loves to get students to become friends. He is a hard grader but can articulate WHY he gave you a grade, unlike other professors. Has great corrections. Encourages students to take risks without penalizing them. Have never had a teach that encourages students to try new things and divert from the traditional essay mold. Will be a friend to you too.
5.0 : Dr. Bunn will try to make Writing 340 one of the best classes you ever take at SC -- and he'll succeed. You'll be friends with the entire class by the time you're done and you'll probably be a better writer too. If you can get into one of his classes, do it.
5.0 : My favorite teacher at USC. I had him for writ150 1st semester and stayed in contact with him all throughout 2nd. Went to his office hours, even when he wasn't my teacher anymore just cause of how fun and awesome he is. I wasn't excited about the topic of writ150 that I was in, but he made it soo much fun and it became my favorite class. TAKE HIM
3.0 : I was interested in the subject of education and the assignments/class discussions were relevant, but regardless of your skill as a writer, it is impossible to earn higher than a B+. He likes to blame it on a "tough rubric," and he does not offer enough corrections in order for students to overcome it.
5.0 : Mike is the greatest professor I've had at USC. He's hilarious and makes each day of class unique and interesting. He's very good at specifying what you did well and what you can improve on with each paper. He is very passionate about teaching and I was extremely lucky to have him for WRIT150!
5.0 : Great professor!  Coming into the program I was very intimidated about the writing process.  She was great to work with when I needed a bit of extra help and guidance.
3.0 : Nice professor but I  wish she would be more assertive. She is understanding and usually gives students the benefit of the doubt.
5.0 : One of the strongest professors USC has to offer.  She should probably be teaching other EDUC doctorate level courses because she is extremely insightful and has a knack to ensuring her students succeed.  She makes you think for yourself yet gently guides you.
5.0 : Excellent instructor!  Taught me how to write in a way that I can retain for the rest of my program.  Encouraging, but firm with paper quality.  Very helpful and encouraging.
5.0 : Mr. Serfaty is just amazing, I learned so much with him and had fun being taught by this amazing person and musician. He really knows about latin music and how to teach it.  Would take him again for sure. Highly recommended.
5.0 : Aaron is one of the best teachers at Thornton and one of the reasons is because he can relate to students and really show interest for what kind of artist we want to be. He really knows the material and knows how to explain, especially teaching Americans how to play latin music, he makes it all accessible.
5.0 : She does know her subject very well and have been practicing in the field many years. I really appreciated that she was able to break down difficult theoretical concepts into simplistic ways. She genuinely cares about her students and appreciate that students work hard for the grade they earned in class. Overall, I highly reccomend her.
4.5 : She knows her stuff but a tough grader, but if you work with her in office hours, it'll help you achieve the grade you deserve. I've learned alot from both her foundation courses part 1 and 2.
5.0 : Well, she did not give me an extension for my midterm paper during one of the most trying times of my life. Regardless, she is a good professor. She knows her stuff really well. She does speak good English and she does explain the subject with clarity. As long as you speak up in class and do your work, you will do fine.
5.0 : Does a very good job of explaining theories in great detail and depth. It is really evident that she wants all of her students to succeed, however, she can be a bit demanding as professor...we do have other classes!
5.0 : So glad I had her for the 586A class.  Working with clients for the first time - she made it awesome and manageable.
4.0 : He is an excellent professor. As others have shared, he sends out notes and powerpoint lectures before every class. I would say he is not a hard grader but not easy either. Class attendance does require participation. It is helpful since he lets us practice the interventions. He has vast amount of knowledge. I will take him again next semester
5.0 : Professor Field does an excellent job on explanation. He is passionate about the subject matter and always willing to lend a helping hand. Professor Field encourages class participation, which is really great for this class specifically. He is patient and willing to explain in depth. Great Professor and I would take him again.
5.0 : He was really down to earth and approachable.  He gave great feedback on papers and other assignments.  I would take him again.
4.5 : Prof Qin is really helpful in class, and checks with students to make sure he's going at a good pace. P chem isn't easy but he explains the concepts really well. The midterms are okay (what you'd expect from P Chem), the average is usually about 70ish. Getting an A is not easy, but a B+ is doable. There's also a lot of credit from homework
5.0 : I LOVE mercedes.  absolutely the cutest.  such a sweet professor &amp; woman.  If you're in 220, I'd def recommend doing her Feliz en Espaol program--easy and fun.
5.0 : I am in her class now and she is the best professor!! I will absolutely miss this class when it is over!! She cares about her students and wants everyone to do well. She is not a hard grader, but you must show up to learn the material. She explains everything and asks if you have questions on what she has gone over.  TAKE THIS CLASS VERY DOABLE!!
5.0 : Senora Mercedes is the BEST Spanish professor at USC. I learned more from her in one semester than I learned in all 4 years of Spanish in high school. The class was easyengaging. She truly cares for all her students and wants to see them succeed- she even wrote me 2 letters of rec and bumped my final grade from a B+ to an A-. TAKE THIS CLASS.
5.0 : Mercedes is really caring about each of her students. She's extremely sweet and helpful and is willing to help you out with anything you think is challenging.
5.0 : Professora Mercedes is amazing. She genuinely cares about her students. Don't expect to sit in the class and do nothing, because she works her students. But her constant enthusiasm makes all students more than willing to participate and stay engaged in class. She is also a really fair grader. Love her so much.
5.0 : BEST SPANISH PROF AT USC OMG. love love love her so much, such a sweetheart. she's super clear about what she wants from you in terms of grading and regardless of how well you can actually speak spanish, she is thrilled if you even make an attempt. loved her.
5.0 : I am taking the Spanish conversation class with Maria. She is a very interesting professor, charismatic, sensible, and very intelligent. The class is very engaging, and there are many opportunities to practice your Spanish. Highly recommended professor.
3.0 : Ortega is clearly an incredibly smart mathematician who does really impressive and well regarded research, but has not as much experience teaching and struggles to engage students. However, he is very available to help during office hours and give you individual help if you are committed enough to take advantage of it.
4.0 : 1-on-1, Ortega is incredibly helpful. In class, however, I felt his lecture would have been much more beneficial if he had spent more time trying to introduce concepts without the use of proofs (of course, with reinforcing concepts, proofs are essential) or introduced it more gradually. For many, this is their first proof-based class.
5.0 : Great professor, you will learn a lot from him. Lectures are a little difficult to get used to at first (small handwriting, quiet voice) but if you come to class prepared (read the relevant sections) you will understand a lot more. This class is concept heavy but the textbook we used was great and the labs (MATLAB projects) showed applications.
3.0 : Ortega's great- he's smart and cares about his students a lot. He takes lots of time for students outside of class, but the material is extremely challenging. Lots of proofs and ridiculous labs that nobody knows how to do. Tests are horrible, and lectures are VERY boring (speaks quietly, if you look away from the board for 2 secs, you're screwed).
4.0 : Professor Kratz has a passion for social work and it shows in her enthusiasm. I enjoy her lectures but the coursework can be intensive. The papers are heavy but she is approachable and makes you want to do your best.
5.0 : Enthusiasm, passion and professional knowledge make Professor one of the best in her field! Outstanding professor, if you have the chance take her classes!
5.0 : Kratz was the best professor I have had thus far. She is very passionate about what she does and goes above and beyond for her students. She loves them all. her class is fun, exciting, very thorough, and you can feel the bond within the entire class. I wish I had her again but I'm done with my policy classes. Great professor though!
4.5 : Professor Kratz is interesting and passionate about the subject matter. She made class a pleasure and piqued my interest in policy.
5.0 : Prof. Kratz fosters a class environment that empowers the student . She also challenges and motivates the student to perform at his or her optimal level.  I found Prof. Kratz to be professional and yet low key.  I recommend her as a professor to anyone who is wanting to challenge themselves to grow in a positive and supportive class environment .
5.0 : Prof. Kratz is passionate, energetic, and engaging out policies and practices. I also had Prof. Kratz's for SOWK 534 and loved her as well. She is a teacher that will inspire and motivate you to do your best. More so, learning the course materials is also as enjoyable and that is just as important.
5.0 : It does not get any better than professor Kratz. You will actually learn in this class and will be woken up to make your society better! She is accessible, very understanding, and grades fairly. When she gives feedback in enhances your skill and makes you sharper! I wish I could take her for everything! She's the best of the best!
5.0 : Overall Professor Kratz is a wealth of knowledge and she understands good leadership revolves around bringing those around you up along with you. She is inspirational and treats her students like Colleagues.  No question is off subject and she brings up great moral and ethical dilemmas in the field and how to handle them appropriately. MOTIVATING!
4.5 : Professor Kratz engages her students and makes a boring class interesting. I had very low interest going into the class, but her lectures and class content was instrumental in defining the importance and relevance of macro and policy work in every aspect of SW. She has a strict attendance policy and will not record lectures for absent students.
5.0 : If you are looking for a professor that loves what they do Professor Kratz is the one! She is so smart and passionate about social work policy. She gives great feedback on papers and she was recently awarded the mother of social work this past graduation. She is inspiring and motivating ! Look no further!
5.0 : First class I took in the VAC and Kratz set the tone of the program.  She is an amazing professor who has both clinical and macro skills.  She demands a great deal out of us and she has been the toughest grader so far.     Highly recommend her.
5.0 : Prof. Kratz is incredibly passionate about social work policy and the students who dreaded this class ended up loving it because of her. Be prepared to earn your A. Prof. Kratz has high, but very reasonable, standards and will support you every step of the way. Most of her 534 students chose to take her again for 535 because she's THAT good!
5.0 : Professor Kratz is so supportive and positive. Her enthusiasm is contagious!
5.0 : Professor Kratz is AMAZING! She is so bubbly and excited about the field and she knows her stuff. Never a dull moment in her class. I will absolutely take another of her courses again.
5.0 : Absolutely loved this class.  Set the bar very high for other professors to attempt to meet.  She is enthusiastic, passionate about social work, and is invested in the success of her students.  Made the course content interesting to learn and easy to follow along with.  A class that I looked forward to each week!
3.5 : Kratz is full of passion.  She loves what she does and it makes the class more interesting.  She does engage everyone to participate and will call you randomly so be ready! She always has a bubbling personality and a smile during lectures.  I enjoyed her class.
5.0 : If you want a good policy professor take Kratz.  You will learn tons.
5.0 : Prof. Kratz is the best of the best. Absolutely take her class, if you can. She makes you proud to be a SW and truly believes in her students.  Clear expectations re: assignments help you produce the best product. Encourages everyone to pursue what they are passionate about and apply what you are learning to your field/pop.  Can't get any better.
5.0 : Professor Kratz is amazing! I am almost done with this course and have become very interested in social policy, thanks to Professor Kratz. She is passionate about social policy and it definitely shows.  She is very helpful and will actually respond back to your emails.  Professor Kratz did a wonderful job keeping her students engaged!
3.5 : I fell asleep in almost every class. I think he could be cool if the lectures and topics were so absurdly boring. Also, when he assigns the PSA to work on, make sure you pick very reliable partners since the PSA is what will bring your grade up at the end.
3.5 : Overall, just an extremely awkward human. Cracks jokes only he chuckles at, and tries interacting with a stone faced class the entire time. Looks for specific answers on subjective questions when grading. 2 midterms, a final, a project. The professors shuffle around teaching ENST classes each semester, just wait for someone else to teach this class
4.5 : His jokes are spot on. I laughed a lot. He really cares a lot and he's super chill in lecture. He's passionate about the environment and paddling, and he's not afraid to show it.
4.5 : Lol DG. What a funny guy. Really likes policy and aquaculture and Instagram. Paddles from Catalina to the mainland on a board using only his arms, so you know he's the realest. Rambles a bit in lecture, but he's a pretty easy grader as long as you show that you know your stuff
4.0 : Best teacher ever, he's a really cool guy and if you get to know him he will give you a good grade and can help you with a lot of other parts of your education. Also teaches a scientific dive class and a field class to the island of Palau which are awesome. He gets a little distracted in class and goes off topic, but he's funny and very laid back.
4.5 : Great Professor. Made me like Biology.
4.5 : LOVED her. such a good teacher, made everything really simple and was very available during office hours and would always get back to me via email if I didn't understand sometime. Highly suggest this couple if they're an option.
2.5 : Professor November is an okay professor. Okay meaning she is very nice, but her lectures are boring, not engaging. She reads directly off the powerpoint. She did not respond in a timely manner to emails and did not provide any feedback on papers.  Not great, not horrible.
4.5 : She was a great professor. There are a lot of readings for the class, but she goes through the material in class and makes sure you understand it. Has really helpful videos that are relevant to the class. Would definitely take her again!
4.0 : Professor November was good, she did lose my attention at times during her lectures but she has good class notes on the material and makes sure everyone understands the theories and concepts. She definitely cares about her students and is very nice.
2.5 : She was not a hard grader or a hard class but lectures lost my attention
5.0 : Awesome professor! Funny, charismatic, not afraid to make fun of herself or her line of work to get her point across. Lectures are great. There is one mult choice midterm, 1 mult choice final and a 5 page research paper on a subject you chose. You also have to do either jep or 10 credits of Sona-systems. GREAT CLASS I learned so much.
4.5 : Dr. Chopp's teaching style is engaging and insightful. I took her at Pepperdine and still remember some of her examples from semesters ago. Her power points have great references, she uses real life examples as she practices therapy, and is accessible. She's helpful and empathetic. You will enjoy and learn in her class.
4.5 : Chopp was great and laugh out loud funny! Make sure you have a good TA as discussion is a large percentage of your grade. Lecture is somewhat mandatory because she includes small details on her test that you can on lecture, and her slides have blanks that will only be answered if you attend lecture
5.0 : Probably the coolest and funniest prof I have ever had. Never taken a psych class before but now i'm switching my major.
5.0 : She was by far the best teacher,that I've ever had at USC and living proof of the importance of good lecture skills. It was the only 8am class that I ever looked forward to
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR!
5.0 : Chi So is a great professor. You will love his ITP125 class. He takes a very technical subject and makes it easy for people to understand, even those without backgrounds in computer science. The lectures are entertaining, especially because of his blunt, cheeky, and unorthodox personality.
5.0 : Cool guy
3.5 : Very difficult class if you don't have a good amount of prior knowledge of the subject. I made it through, but it was really tough for me. Chi is very helpful and willing to help where he can, though, so you aren't left on your own. But be aware that it can be hard for people without computer backgrounds.
4.0 : Chi So is different from your average professor, he will say whatever he wants in the bluntest way possible, but that keeps class interesting. The actual material is a bit boring aside from lock picking and handcuffs, but chi does the best he can with what he has. Would recommend for ITP125..
5.0 : This class wasn't easy. It's structured in a way so you have to self-teach a lot of stuff you need to know for the homework and labs, but this is intentionally done to train you in information gathering so you have the latest info about new vulnerabilities since the hacking ecosystem never stays the same.
5.0 : (cont. from last post) But that doesn't mean Chi will leave you helpless. He is more than willing to help you step by step if you don't understand something. Chi as a person was refreshing as his hatred for political correctness was awesome. I learned so much from this class but you need to put in the effort. If you want an easy A, stay away.
5.0 : Szechuan sauce was good, 8/10.
5.0 : BEST TEACHER.  Learned a ton, had fun.
5.0 : Chi So is quite a character. I took his course to get an exposure to the security field, and I was not disappointed with his ability to make the material fun and relevant. Fair warning though, this field is incredibly technical, making this an easy 2 unit class if you're C.S., but if you aren't, get ready for the hardest 2 unit class of your life.
4.5 : Chi might be intimidating at first, but I strongly encourage students to go talk to him, whether it's beforeafter class or office hours. He has a policy that he won't approach students, but he will always be there for you when you go to him. This class will teach you self-motivation and show you that even non-technical students can be technical.
5.0 : Probably the best professor at USC
4.5 : He is the greatest teacher I've ever had.
5.0 : Looking for a 2 unit class that would be fun to take, I decided on 125. With no background in java/coding whatsoever, I had to put in a considerable amount of time and work into the final project. However, it can be done and would still highly recommend Chi because he is unconventional, accommodating, and incredibly interesting.
3.0 : He sparks people's interests in security, but that's mostly because of his unique personality among college professors (he's basically a rebellious hacker himself), rather than the fact that he cares about his students. Material is fairly organized, though it does seem at some points he's making stuff up along the way. Lots of work.
5.0 : He's a genius! Incredible at explaining the fundamentals of finance. MCQ midterms/finals.
3.0 : You have to ask for help and his tests are much more difficult than the questions he gives in class. Great with relating concepts to the real world, but it is difficult to follow his lectures sometimes.
5.0 : Professor Ahern is the best Professor at Marshall. His ability to analyze finance topics deeply is his strength. He is super nice and approachable. He answers every email. He is patient to explain all students' questions. I definitely recommend him TAKE him. You will never regret.
5.0 : Professor Ahern was great at explaining the material and really tried to get students to participate during lecture. He is clear and concise when explaining concepts and is patient when answering questions. He also reviewed all the materials before each exam and posted a practice exam. Definitely taking more finance classes after this class.
4.0 : Amy is a very knowledgeable professor and really helps students improve their writing. She is very hard to please but this actually pushes you to become a better writer. Assignments are not difficult if you did well in WRIT 150 but her grading does get into semantics (i.e. she has very specific requirements).
5.0 : A lot less work than I expected from writ340, but Amy reads and grades your essays really closely. Focuses primarily on the strength of your arguments rather than your grammar, etc. She's really nice and puts a ton of effort into the feedback she gives because she genuinely wants your writing to improve. Made me enjoy a class that I was dreading.
4.0 : Very pretty, but more importantly very friendly and helpful. She gives detailed feedback on assignments so that students can make necessary improvements, and her assignments are reasonable in length.
4.0 : Reads essays line by line so if you're writingargument isn't airtight and precise, you will be docked.  My advice: aim for an above average paper with clear straightforward writing. Don't try to write a knock out paper with grand complex arguments and details, it'll most likely backfire.
5.0 : Easily one of the best professors I've had at USC. Very thorough when reviewing your work, and is very dedicated to improving her students' writing quality. Gave us great topics to pursue, and despite the challenging standards she held, I found the class to be extremely fulfilling.
5.0 : Amy is really cool to just talk to and a good teacher but I sometimes find myself confused by her grading, but it's alright because she lets you dispute your essay grades if you disagree. Overall I enjoy this class, but definitely choose a WRIT150 class you are genuinely interested in.
5.0 : She is amazing and makes sure that everyone is learning but that means that she is hard and very specific. SOWK 586a on the VAC  is very time consuming, exhausting and need to stay on top off all the work. However, she makes sure that you learn and get better the entire semester.
5.0 : Professor Jordan is one of those "life changing professors". Her vast knowledge about the social work field lends to her lectures and makes the classroom material very interesting and easily applicable to clinical work. She goes above and beyond the call of duty for her students and always responds very quickly to questions.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC.  She will push you outside of your comfort zone, but she also makes classes a great experience.   I would not be where I am today clinically without her.
5.0 : Great prof, excellent lectures.  Not much homework but exams and group project are tough/lots of work.  Great class, take her.
5.0 : Awful, awful, painful tests, but great class.  Graded on just exams, participation, attendance, and final project.  Bomb any one thing and it can hurt your GPA.
5.0 : Takes attendance with pop quizzes that cannot be made up (tho you can miss one or two with no points off).  Lecture heavy class but lectures are interesting.  Beware of cold calling in section.  Don't cram for exams; hard to keep up with the reading. Use her "study guides" for midterm and final - they really help.
5.0 : Very accessible; great prof.  Willing to do "anytime office hours" on Skype and something called Zoom.  Long vocabulary lists.  Excellent class, take 307 with her.  Has real industry experience.  Tons of reading first two weeks, less reading later, takes attendance with pop quizzes, no make-ups.
5.0 : Has real industry experience.  Great prof, very accessible.  Study the vocab carefully, it will help on the midterm.  Take 307 with her.
5.0 : Great class, very accessible prof.  Group project is big part of the final course grade.  Burgos will be very helpful for you if you are applying for Marketing internships and want to prepare/have mock interview.  But don't argue with this prof about grades -- she will "reevaluate" your grade and it might end up even lower.  Attendance quizzes.
5.0 : Excellent class, very real-world, useful for internships if you want to work in Marketing.  Very accessible prof, even let's you text her even on weekends if you have urgent questions.  Exams are very, very long.  Gives attendance quizzes.
5.0 : Grade depends entirely on midterm, final, group project, and attendance.  But good class, really helped with my internship.  Will provide her cell number, and lets you text her even on weekends.
3.5 : Very kind professor and means really well, very understanding also, but a bit on the boring side. You can definitely get by without going to class and just memorizing the terms before the test..
5.0 : Interesting lectures.  Will write great recommendation letters if you ask her for an internship or scholarship.  Great class, take her for 307!!
5.0 : Great class, great speakers.  Only graded on a few things though, but grading system is fair.  Good class, take her.
5.0 : Mariam is great.  This class is quite easy,she is amazing, and she actually attempts to help students prepare for a job by talking about interviews and bringing in guest speakers. I would definitely take her.  The only negative is that it doesn't really "push" you in the marketing sense.
5.0 : The sweetest professor at USC - hands down. She called me during spring break to walk me through the group project, and she's super helpful like that all the time. So knowledgeable, and the tests are directly from the reading. She remembered everyone's names in the first week. She's one of those teachers that would write you a letter of rec.
5.0 : Professor Burgos is one of the nicest, most helpful teachers at Marshall. If you go to office hours, she will discuss anything with you, including future career plans as well as help in the class. Tests are easy if you study for them, the group project grade is a little more variable. Going to class will give you a nice grade boost at the end.
4.5 : Miriam is one of the most daring professors I've had. If you go to her office hours she will hook it up with information on any topic . You can tell she truly cares. Test's are simple but  long. Our final was 170 questions, when a test is this long you pretty much need to know every concept without second guessing . Group projects are graded hard.
4.0 : She is a very kind person, but like others said-- The final grade did not reflect my tests really -- more my bad group project.  Had a A- or better the whole class, due to the project ended up with a B
4.5 : She is just freaking sweet and amazing! Her midterm and final is simple and easy.. beware: alot of T/F qts. No HW! lecture attendance isnt a must, but go to discussion. The group projects are the worst. I dont know why the whole class is rating us when we're all competing for a grade. The group project really screwed over my grade.
5.0 : Prof. Burgos truly cares about her students! Go to her office hours if you are confused with anything or if you want to find out more about marketing. Although the exams are pretty simple, they are very long. Also, the group project is graded VERY hard, be aware.
5.0 : Prof Burgos was the best. Heavily studying the book (flashcards are good) for her tests is very helpful. She is very accessible and friendly. The group presentation was a lot of work but we did very well because we practiced a lot. She wrote me a letter of rec too!
5.0 : Great class, great prof, would definitely recommend.  Only teaches BUAD 307 in Spring Semesters (I asked her), so plan accordingly if you want to take.  Good class, but exams are really long tho.  Very accessible outside class.
5.0 : She truly cares about her students and makes herself accessible so you can reach her at any moment, through texts, phone calls, etc. She makes discussion fun and entertaining and brings in guest speakers. She let us out early a majority of the time and treats her students like friends. The tests are long but not hard. I really enjoyed her class!
5.0 : Great prof, but rated a "5" on how hard the class was because the final exam is long. She gives pop attendance quizzes and they DO count towards your grade. Lectures are kinda long. Good class overall, learned a lot that I applied in an internship. Take her.
5.0 : Professor Burgos is the best! One of the smartest professors I've had at USC, and she truly cares about her students above all else. She's very willing to help outside of class or offer career advice, and her exams are long but fair. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Great class. Interesting material and fun participation.
5.0 : -Wonderful professor if you're trying to do Business Development or Marketing -She has a lot of industry connections -She does not hesitate to write letters of rec or help with career advice -Tests are doable, extremely long but if you study well you will do well -Large group presentation project at the end
5.0 : This class was very boring but very easy. Professor McKemy basically just reads off the lecture slides so you don't really need to go to class. You don't need to read the textbook at all to study for tests because everything is on the slides. Overall tests are very straightforward. Lots of material but McKemy makes it easy.
3.5 : His lectures are basically him reading out the slides. So as long as you memorize his slides, his tests are fairly straightforward. Get your hand on his old tests if you can- his reuses A LOT of his old questions. Since his tests arent hard, expect a really high class average and most likely no curve.
5.0 : Prof Nanes is so nice and wants her students to do well but you have to do your part. Make sure to participate in class and go to office hours if you have any questions. Attendance is very important as well. I would take her class again.
5.0 : Prof Nanes is super nice and approachable for help with your writing. She really takes an interest in students and is very understanding of other stresses and commitments. Not really a pushover, but understanding to the point of being flexible.
5.0 : Professor Names is so sweet and one of the best WRIT150 teachers. Not a lot of ancillary assignments and the few we did were so easy (took 10 mins max). Easy assigned readings that were for the most part interesting. Would highly recommend her for an easy writing class.
4.0 : Every writing 150 class is a fair amount of work and consists of writing four 5-7 page papers. However, Professor Nanes is one of the better options. I didn't care for the essay prompts, but she gives constructive feedback and grades very  fairly. Attendance and participation are mandatory, but class structure is fairly relaxed.
5.0 : She actually helped me improve my writing (unlike WRIT 150) and think critically about every aspect of my paper and determine what makes a "good paper". The best part is the last assignment is an extended personal statement, perfect for medical school (or some other professional school). She makes you do a lot of prep but it helps a lot! Take her!!
5.0 : WRIT 150 is not an easy A; so its important to accept the fact the majority of students will get a B in the class. However, I loved Nanes!!!! She was so sweet and caring and was willing to help you out. The Health and Healing section was a really interesting topic and had good prompts. Take her!!!!
4.5 : TAs weren't the best buy Clinton is a homie and has a odd but great sense of humor.
3.0 : class is straightforward, don't need to read a textbook or anything like that. you can get all the necessary information from lectures and uploaded slides. weekly discussions on readings. seems easy enough but grading is difficult and inconsistent. hoping for a curve to fix that. overall hist 107 was a decent GE, relatively easy compared to others
5.0 : The best, most interesting and easiest GE 2. Godart is an awesome professor - he makes the class very interesting and very short and to the point. He has a very non-bias view on Japanese history which is great. There are no papers, only a midterm and final which are almost entirely vocabulary or multiple choice - they are also directly lecture.
3.5 : This class is not as easy as people say. The TA grades all of your work and while lecture attendance is not mandatory discussion attendance is very important. There is a ridiculous amount of reading and the Prof even admits to that. You have to be super specific on all your tests and reading responses are almost impossible to get an A on.
4.0 : He speaks fast and vague. He goes past the slides too quickly, unabling us to see clearly, then asking questions from slides. Overall an easy class with much common knowledge.
5.0 : Great guy who makes it very clear that A's are attainable if you put in some work. I didn't enjoy the class/ subject very much, but even so it was very tolerable because he is so chill. Super knowledgeable and has a lot of experience in the field. Highly recommend
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had! He is super open to talking to students about class or life! Class is laid-back and you can write a research paper for 5% extra credit added to your overall grade. If you're an HP major, he's your only option but he's awesome!!
4.5 : Great professor! Paper's aren't too bad, and she is really available for any questions. Class is mostly discussion and not so relevant to topics but she is a wonderful person! This is my 2nd class with her, and 3rd next semester. She grades very fairly! But still adds comments.
5.0 : Professor Smith-Maddox is a great! She knows her stuff and you have to make sure you follow the weekly readings. The downside of the class were the group assignments. There is always a control freak and a laxed person within the group. Class participation is a must if you would like a good grade
3.5 : I like Professor Joosten and find her knowledgeable and empathic.  HOWEVER, our class time is completely unstructured. Every week we just go around and talk about what we thought about the asynchronous material and how it relates to our lives or field work.  It feels like a group therapy session more than a graduate level course.
2.5 : Lectures are dry and professor talks fast. Power points given are not helpful. Not clear with terminology. Only uses half the class time to lecture.
5.0 : George is not only an amazing coach but an amazing person. He cares so much about the well-being of everyone and doesn't make you go past your limits. I got so much out of the course knowledge-wise and morally. He made me a better person! Can't thank him enough. TAKE THIS CLASS!
5.0 : Prof. Ogneva is awesome. She goes through all of the concepts extremely well and it great at relating the material to students. Her examples in class are very similar to her exams and she aims to that you don't have to do much work outside the classroom. USC is very luck to have her. I highly recommend
4.5 : Great teacher for accounting! Straight forward and explains difficult concepts really well. Lots of practice problems and practice quizzes and midterms posted. There will not be much of a curve, if any at all, so it's important to score well on everything.
5.0 : The professor is very clear and concise in her power points and the lectures are never too dense. She is clear on her grading policy and her tests aren't difficult. She gives you a lot of practice especially in class so you just have to attend lecture to learn!
5.0 : Haven't finished the class yet, but Prof. Takahashi is the best. Best prof at USC so far. Very clear despite sometimes difficult material. Very understanding. Not boring at all despite a class that is an hour and half straight of lecture. Prof. Takahashi: If you're reading this, TEACH ALL OF MY CLASSES, PLEASE.
4.5 : Professor Takahashi is one of the most talented teachers at USC. She is well-prepared for each lecture and makes the most difficult concepts seem natural. Taking EE101 was a breeze thanks to Professor Takahashi!
5.0 : Great Professor.
5.0 : She is absolutely wonderful. The class is challenging but just pay attention in class and you're fine. I will miss her. As will at least 90% of my fellow classmates
5.0 : She is the best teacher I've had at USC, her lectures are easy to understand, she is always willing to meet with you, even if you can't make her office hours. She is really clear about what will be on midterms, and hw and midterms reflect the lecture material. Best professor, we'll miss her for sure.
4.5 : Aside from the labs, the class was not that hard. She's an incredibly knowledgeable professor and truly cares about her students. But you really need to study from the course reader to fully understand the course and prepare for future ee courses. Her lectures alone will not cut it.
1.0 : Take this course if you dont want to learn anything. THE WORST CLASS IVE EVER TAKEN AT USC.
5.0 : I took this course in Spring 2016. It was a very interactive and great course. There were no exams. But classroom session was very interactive and the students had to give presentations on various topics. It helped me learn a lot of new things and helped increase my confidence while giving presentations. Prof is very helpful and grading is tough.
5.0 : One can get a basic knowledge of cutting edge technologies that are developed very recently and are going to be a great deal in future. Grades !!! Easy A if you attend all the classes. Extra credit for active participation. Not at all heavy workload.
5.0 : One will get a lot of knowledge on cutting edge technologies that are developed very recently. Easy A if you attend most of the classes. Presentations are fun and exciting. One of the best courses I took.
4.0 : It was the best class to understand research topics going on in different areas of computer engineering and explore new research topics. Every week professors from different areas would deliver a lecture and have a small quiz at the end.
3.0 : The class is easy, and you learn how to program the labs in assembly. At times the class does not seem very organized but the topics are scattered anyways. She is one of the nicest professors I have met at USC, and very understanding towards her students.
5.0 : Good course work overall Classes involved lot of participation with quizzes, home work and lab assignments Professor is very approachable and clarifies all the doubts along with proper feedback Covered concepts of computer architecture with illustrations and lectures Nice project on Cache design in the end and overall a good learning experience
5.0 : She is a very good professor who invests her time in understanding her students. While teaching, she makes sure to involve the whole class so that they understand the concept. She is a fair grader. Makes sure the student is awarded based on the whole class performance like class notes, homeworks, labs and exams equally.
5.0 : Professor gives amazing lectures, good homework's and attend classes to learn about subject.
5.0 : Very good teacher,  really cares about student. easy to access even after class. very knowledgeable and also  she will provide tips and hints based on her professional experience.
5.0 : Professor Wilner makes the class very interesting and interactive, and encourages group interactions. She is very thorough in her teaching, and attentive to each and every student. She is always available for any questions, discussions and any other guidance that the student might need. Her assignments and projects have also been engaging and fun.
5.0 : I worked with Professor Wilner for a Direct Research course for a semester and it was a great experience. She has amazing topics and ideas, and points you to the correct resources and corresponding people relevant for your research. She is always willing to help and work closely with the student, and the research was a valuable learning experience.
5.0 : Her method of teaching is good and she really takes every student interest into consideration. One of the best professor to work with.
4.5 : She's an extremely kind professor who cares a lot about her students. Sure, she makes mistakes from time to time, but she's willing to listen to students and she takes feedback. There is also a lot of extra credit so it's very forgiving if you miss a few quizzes.
4.0 : This professor at USC is SUPER LOWKEY. I had her for my GESM and we legit only had to write chapter summaries a week, she excluded the chapters of the book that were too technical, and she changed the method of turning in when the other six people in my class complained. The class is boring, but an easy math credit for people who hate math.
4.5 : She is a very thorough teacher who aims to help her students. The midterm this semester was was more difficult than anticipated, but she was fair about it. Reading the book helps a lot if you ever have trouble with any concepts.
1.0 : Avoid speaking to her at all costs. Not just the worst teacher in Viterbi, but probably the worst person in Viterbi.
1.0 : Worst professor ever. Didn't learn anything in the class. Avoid this class at all costs! take it in other school if needed!!!!!
5.0 : Go to class helps a lot
5.0 : Mary is definitely the most understanding and caring professor I have had at Viterbi.  The course content involves Assembly, CPU, I/O, Arithmetic, etc. The book covered alot stuff already. Her class is more of a clarification and discussion of the book content.  Labs are doable and if you communicate with Mary she gives generous extensions.
4.0 : You can technically miss classes and still get As on exams if you read the book religiously. Interesting class, but Dr. Yufik's teaching style was not really compatible with the way I learn. Overall, satisfying experience, but I wouldn't repeat it with Yufik for sure.
4.5 : Fun teacher and keeps the subject matter very interesting. I highly recommend this class!
5.0 : Dr. Yufik is an amazing teacher! He brings real life examples to class from his vast amount of experience. He's extremely animated and makes a 4 hour class very interesting. Just go to class and read the textbook and you'll do just find. I highly recommend this class!
4.0 : Very nice man.  Loves what he does.  Will explain any material that doesn't make sense.  Does go off on long tangents.  Attending class isn't that necessary if you take good notes from the text.  Tests are all multiple choice.  Does do random group assignments in class to count attendance (usually at the end)
4.5 : She teaches the material in an approachable way and is also hilarious. You get daily homework, but it shouldn't take you more than 30min. About once a week, you get a small quiz that takes 3min. Easy 100% if you just paid attention in class. There's 2 midterms and 1 final, which aren't hard if you've been paying attention and doing ur HW.
5.0 : Irie sensei is a real gem. She really cares about her students to learn Japanese and it's clear through the efforts she showed in lectures. Participation is absolutely mandatory so if you're a habitual skipper, look elsewhere. Honestly though, her lectures are engaging and funny with lots of beer jokes so you won't be inclined to skip it.
5.0 : Love this teacher; she is my favorite professor so far. Extremely nice, high-energy, clear, and teaches the material in an engaging way. She also loves to talk about beer haha.  If you plan to skip class though, do not take this class. Participation is a decent portion of your grade as your Japanese conversational skill is put to test every day.
5.0 : Irie Sensei is an amazing professor. She's very engaging and approachable and makes the class feel like it's recess despite the fact we're learning a lot of Japanese. However, attendance is mandatory so if you're a habitual skipper, don't take this class. And like the previous reviews, Irie Sensei does talk about beer a lot to add a touch of humor
5.0 : Really fun class, great teacher. If you do all your homework and study for the tests, you'll get an A.
4.0 : Great teacher although his exams are tough! Curves the class to a B-.
5.0 : Neel's probably the best math professor at USC. He's incredibly articulate and clearly passionate about the material. A fair amount of homework, tests aren't easy but he makes clear what will be asked. Most importantly, he's extremely understanding of students' issues and is clearly willing to go out of his way to help his students no matter what.
5.0 : Neel is awesome. Handsdown one of the coolest professors at USC. He makes math fun and is really clear. I highly recommend him! He really cares about students and is pretty funny in my opinion.
5.0 : Awesome professor who genuinely cares by far the best math professor at USC and probably one of the top professors in general.
5.0 : Best professor at USC. Hilarious, makes class very enjoyable, is very clear and helpful. If you are able to do (and actually do) the homework, it is very easy to get A.
5.0 : Excellent professor
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had in 4 years of undergrad at two different universities. Very careful to make sure students grasp the underlying principles of the material, not just knowing how to use equations. Makes math fun and beautiful. He's also hilarious, and very open to helping students--replies to emails, extends office hours, etc.
5.0 : hes the best teacher hands down.
5.0 : Neel is an exceptional calculus professor. He teaches you so that you will UNDERSTAND the concepts and where the equations come from, which will help you in case you forget the equations. He's funny, extremely passionate about what the teaches and so so helpful in re-explaining things in a different way so you understand them. TAKE HIM FOR CALC!!
5.0 : Best professor I have had in college, ever. An amazing teacher that makes mathematics fun.
5.0 : Favorite math teacher at USC. Lectures are not boring. He is always helpful during office hours.
5.0 : Neel is the best professor! He's very accessible outside of class. Calculus isn't easy but he is such a great teacher that an A is totally possible. If you are in his class, you are way ahead of the people with other professors which is helpful for the cumulative final. Just show up to class and listen to what he tells you is important.
5.0 : Neel is one of my all-time favorite math professors. He taught me MATH126, which covers some nasty topics like integration methods and series - but he makes math an exciting topic and explains everything very clearly. Besides being passionate about math he's also fun to talk to, so be sure to go to his office hours if only to chat with him.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors at USC.  He is incredibly helpful in office hours and if you put in the work in his class, as another poster said, you will master calculus.  However, his class moves much faster than other calc teachers and is quite difficult.  He is an incredible teacher but GET READY TO WORK!
5.0 : Neel is the best math teacher I've had at USC. He doesn't just tell you to memorize formulas, he explains everything conceptually so that you will understand and remember it for a long time. He makes lectures interesting and you will learn a lot without being bored. You should definitely speak up and ask questions in his class.
5.0 : Neel is truly the best professor I've ever had. Brilliant at mathematics and teaching.  You will come out of his class mesmerized. Tests a decently challenging, his a very fair grader. Taking any math class with him will not only change your semester, but also your life and your standards of what a good professor is. Take him! Don't hesitate 1 sec!
5.0 : Absolutely amazing professor and human being overall. Take Neel's class.
5.0 : One of the best calc professors at USC! Definitely, take a class with him.
5.0 : Great professor. His grading is harsh, but probably no more so than anyone else. He explains things very clearly, and will go over them again if you don't understand. Office hours are great, and he offers a lot of review sessions before exams and especially before the final. Do the homework and do it yourself, it's the best practice for exams.
5.0 : Absolutely the best professor I've had the pleasure of meeting. He takes time to make sure that students understand more than just equations and numbers. He makes sure that you understand the concept and reasoning behind the numbers and equations which helps a lot in calc 3! Definitely take his class
5.0 : Best math teacher I have had at USC. He explains concepts in a very clear way and gives practice problems from previous midterms and finals. He also is always there during office hours and provides a ton of help. Neel is awesome!
5.0 : Best math teacher I've ever had.  Attendance is not mandatory but he makes you want to go because of how informative he is. He also mixes in humor to keep things light-hearted. The only class I've ever had "fun" doing calculus! I only wish other calculus teachers are half as good as he is.
5.0 : This is the first time I've taken a Math class that I actually like! He teaches difficult concepts in a way that still makes you feel smart. I've heard great things about him from other people too, so whether you're taking Calc or a GESM, go for him!!
5.0 : Great Professor
5.0 : Neel is really approachable, he holds office hours that are really helpful if you go, and he makes his points clear during lecture. Neel responses email REAL FAST and he cares about if students understand or nah and he DOES NOT JUDGE IF YOU DONT UNDERSTAND
5.0 : Amazing professor. Professor Neel has changed my opinion about what constitutes a good professor. Incredibly understanding and kind, while being an effective lecturer. No regrets in taking this course.
5.0 : Favorite professor at USC by far! You can tell that he really has a passion for teaching and genuinely cares about his students. He's one of those professors that goes that extra mile for  working with his students to make sure they understand the subject. If you need to take any math class and he's teaching a section, take it with him!
5.0 : Wonderful professor! His lectures are clear and interesting, he's very funny, and he's always willing to help. He is in his office even outside of office hours and will stop whatever he is doing to help you. He offers review sessions before his exams. And his practice problems are perfect for studying for his tests and quizzes.
5.0 : Great professor! Funny lectures and super helpful guy. Great job clarifying whenever someone asks a question. Not too much homework assigned. Weekly quizzes aren't difficult as long as you do the quiz prep problems (which are optional) but quizzes and tests are difficult because they rely on you really knowing how to use concepts further than hw
5.0 : Neel is an excellent professor. He really knows how to organize all the stuff well and use most terse but impressive language to make us understand the conceptions in multi-cal. Take his class you will MASTER calculus. Attendance is optional but HIGHLY suggest to take. Quizzes and exams are easy, and his office hours are SUPER HELPFUL. TAKE IT!!!
5.0 : Awesome Professor
5.0 : So lucid is his lecture style.
5.0 : Prof Neel is amazing! He can clarify everything during the lecture. Go to the lectures, do the homework, ask questions if you don't understand, and you'll get an A!
5.0 : I love Neel, he is the best professor at USC that i have taken, great guy! his tests and quizzes are difficult but if you do the hw you'll be prepared. GO TO OFFICE HOURS!!
5.0 : Hands down on of the best math professors i've ever had! His lectures are very informative and he never hesitates to stop and answer questions and clear up complicated concepts. His teaching style focuses on the why of math less than the how-tos which just enhances every student's understanding of mathematics. I highly HIGHLY recommend Prof. Neel!
5.0 : Amazing professor. His emphasis on breaking down complex topics to their fundamental mathematical roots makes them more not only understandable, but also more interesting. He is very caring, and puts in a clear effort to be easily accessible and to engage and assist his students-even knew me by name despite my admittedly lackluster participation.
5.0 : Very funny guy. Brilliant. Can tell when class needs more clarification on certain topics. Very good at explaining everything. Eager to help students and is easy to communicate with. Best professor for Math 118 as far as I can tell.
5.0 : This was the first year he taught 445 and it started off really bad.  The first Midterm was a disaster.  He worked really hard however to put us back on our feet (he also writes up his own homework)  And at the end, the final had many repeats of the questions from past midterms.  Nicest professor I've ever had who genuinely wanted us to understand.
4.0 : Lots of homework, but it's doable and it prepares you more than the other profs for the final
5.0 : He is the BEST math professor I've ever taken, so much so that I've had him for two semesters (I had him for MATH 126, too). He has an adorable French accent, but it's not heavy. He explains things very clearly &amp; has SO many office hours, you have no excuse not to go. He truly cares about students &amp; math, &amp; patiently explains problems. TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Hi David, Just stopping by to leave you some good ratings. Hope you win Faculty Student Mentor Award for all your efforts and dedication to teaching. There should be an award section on this. So you can show off, Ha! For those students shopping around, STOP! You found him. Now schedule ASAP! Spots run out quick, FYI.
5.0 : Like him! He is the best prof in math department and at USC I've ever had. He cares a lot about students and math. I would take him for all my math classes. He has a lot of homework, but they are very helpful for the midterms. He is very nice person. Take him if you really want to understand the class and also to get a good grade!
5.0 : Prof Crombecque is one of the best professors I've had - his explanations of concepts are excellent, and while he gives a lot of homework, they really prepare you for midterms/final. His classes are actually a lot of fun, he's a really chill guy, and he's an extremely attractive young French guy, but his accent is pretty easy to understand.
5.0 : He takes so much time to explain each concept that it's almost annoying. If you pay attention, there's no way you'll do badly on his exam. Only negative: the homework graders are insanely harsh, but weekly quizzes are straight forward, not a hard class.
5.0 : Can't go wrong with Crombecque. 4+ hr of homework/week, but it prepares you very well for the tests so it's worth it. Not that hard to get a good grade if you want to.
5.0 : Best math teacher I have had at USC. His lectures are funny and informative. He cares about his students. Is SUPER helpful at office hours. Has a lot of office hours. Tests can be challenging but are definitely fair. Overall he is a great teacher.
5.0 : If you haven't noticed, a ton of the math teachers at USC are pretty bad. Crombecque is probably one of the best ones for many reasons: He explains things very thoroughly and is patient with his students. That being said, he assigns crazy amounts of homework and only grades a couple of the problems. Tests are reasonable if you do example problems.
5.0 : Great professor. He explains concepts very well and also holds office hours most days of the week. The exams are similar to the homework that is assigned. I felt he prepared us well for the final exam and even held a study session for us to review concepts we found difficult. My favorite professor at USC.
4.0 : Best Math Professor I've had thus far at USC. Take him, please, if you truly care about learning the proper way and if you also want a teacher who shows his appreciation for math every single lecture.
5.0 : One of the best math professors in the entire department. He clearly enjoys the subject and does a great job at explaining things thoroughly (sometimes even too slowly) so that everyone understands. Go to SI for more help though because it really does help you get an A. If you put in the effort to study and really understand, it is very possible.
5.0 : His HW assignments are really WAY too long. I'm talking 4 hours + sometimes every week. This really screws with your other classes and time management. He just asssigns as many problems as he can every damn week. Really frustrating. He's a good teacher with fair tests though and prepares you well.
5.0 : homework is arguably the hardest part of the course, but just check your answers with slader before you turn it in and you shouldn't have a problem. he teaches concepts very well and the lectures are a good balance between theory and examples. would highly recommend for calculus 3. his french accent and outfits are the best
5.0 : HES AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE textbook: need for homework. just get the pdf. quiz every week.
5.0 : Very clear professor, went over the materials very in depth. I personally really liked him, and thought he was a good, nice teacher. Easy quiz every week, hw due every Friday, and two test + final. Also plenty of space to earn extra credit. Expecting to get an A in the class.
5.0 : Prof. Crombecque is an amazing professor. He gives great lectures and explains difficult concepts really well. He really wants his students to succeed in his class and beyond. If you take him, just expect to spend 3+ hours on homework every week.
3.0 : Decent professor, but watch out for the 3-4 hours of weekly homework. Also has a pretty grating habit of using the phrase 'That alright?' every five minutes. Grading is less than optimal, given that it's just solutions on paper. Also, you're on your own outside class.
4.0 : I learned a lot in this class, but the curve is brutal. If you are a Viterbi major, take this your last semester here so you don't destroy your GPA. Crombecque was great, but I did not think he would be such a harsh grader. Berkeley's Linear Algebra class was curved more generously.
1.0 : Tough Grader. TONS of homework.
1.0 : Avoid
5.0 : Great teacher but lots of work. If you do the hw and go to class, you should do well on the weekly quizzes and exams. Hw is one (roughly 5 hour-long) assignment per week. Keeps his lectures interesting and can really teach a lot in 50 min. Highly recommend and would definitely take any class with him again. Nice French accent too.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Learned a lot from her classes. Her lectures were always awesome, she's a good speaker and has a lot of interactivity/loves to answer questions effectively. She's also incredibly smart- if you google her you can read about cool stuff she's done.
4.5 : She's very straightforward and clear about what she dislikes. Demanding but interesting. Her teaching is effective.
5.0 : Professor is great, I would gladly take his class again.
4.5 : Soll is intelligent and funny. He can come off arrogant but he throws some self deprecating jokes in there. Funny guy, show up to the lectures they're pretty interesting. There's a midterm, final and two papers. Class isn't too hard and its a good GE. He assigns a lot of books so just get ready to skim he doesn't expect you know all the details.
5.0 : This guy is great if you want to learn about the renissance and actually want to put in the time. Although in my opinion WAY to much reading for a GE. Don't take him as a GE because he expects you to to put too much effort and time. Compared to other GE's I have taken this guy expects too much. He teaches this class as if we are all history majors.
4.0 : Soll is a great professor.  He has seemed to have lived everywhere in Europe, and is a really funny guy.  The lectures are sometimes confusing cause he goes off on tangents.  2 essays, midterm, and final.  If you study you will do good, TA's grade everything and they are pretty easy.
3.0 : Dr. Soll certainly knows a lot about european history. Yet his expectations for a GE is too high. 8 books in total plus numerous other readings.  Lectures are interesting but they are very disorganized (timeline wise, plus he often jumps to other topics, like wine in France) No guidelines for tests. One of the TA is not doing the work AT ALL.
3.0 : Dr. Soll's lectures are all over the place. He lectures based on telling stories and details of events. It gets very confusing to follow at times. He assigns a ton of reading. His tests are difficult. The paper topics  are also difficult to write on. If you take this class, I recommend taking it as a passno pass.
4.0 : She is a good professor. Pretty much reading but also some movie watching which make the class easier. Fair grade and not much homework (just reading). If you get a chance to take her Crime stories, you should do it.
5.0 : We talked about some really interesting stuff: Kafka, and Dostoyevsty, and Derrida, and Anna just kinda made academia like really cool. I felt really cool in her class. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : Anna is hands down one of the best professors/people at USC. She is so smart, funny, and insightful. Gosh, I could just listen to her talk about anything for hours, but good thing she talks about super important stuff that'll leave you thinking more critically (in a good way!) about the world around you.
5.0 : Anna is the smartest and nicest professors ever. She is hilarious and she swears a lot which is entertaining. I learned A TON in her class and she makes it fun. I spark noted every reading and was fine. I am only giving her a 4 difficulty because to get an A in her class you must get a 96 and above which is pretty steep. Gives tons of extra credit
4.5 : Ben is very helpful if you need any ideas, or help with your assignments. He's easy to get ahold of and quick at replying. He's not very animated, but he is clear in his expectations and a good teacher.
4.5 : Great professor.  Review material that will be covered on exams. Will review drafts. Provide great feedback and offer one on one weekly tutoring.
4.5 : This class is HARD! Prof Schwartz made it a lot easier for me with the way she explained things. She's extremely accommodating, and always will to help. She won't make the class easy (just due to the material being so hard), but she'll do anything she can to help you understand the material. Be prepared to WORK in this class!!!
5.0 : Shes amazing. Take her hands down.
5.0 : SOWK 562 is a difficult class, Professor Schwartz explained things very carefully and took the time to teach us all the key concepts necessary for the exams. Though this class is demanding she is extremely understandable and explains each assignment in detail. I would take her for another statistics class, she is awesome and knowledgeable.
5.0 : Professor Schwartz is a helpful and great teacher! If you are struggling in research class, she is there to explain more than once. Research is not an easy class, but Prof. Schwartz makes it more understandable. She also is always available for one-on-one sessions. Make sure that you do the practice tests, because she goes over them in class.
5.0 : Dr. Sara Schwartz is by far the best professor I have had at USC.  She is a gifted and inspirational professor in what is a dreaded research course, and is compassionate, funny, provides fantastic real world experiences and truly dedicated to ensure that students master social work research.  She has inspired me to pursue a Ph.D in social work!
5.0 : Professor Schwartz is the absolute BEST, one of the best instructors I've ever had. She makes introduction to social work research ( a tough subject) much easier to digest. She will meet with you outside of class if you need extra assitance!
5.0 : Dr. Sara Schwartz is an amazing professor! She makes research fun! One of the best professors that I've had at USC.
5.0 : I could not have asked for a better professor for my first research class. Prof. Schwartz explains the material in a way that is clear and easy to understand. You have to work hard, however, Prof. Schwartz genuinely wants her students to succeed and is always willing to meet one-on-one or in small groups. Get into her class if you can!
5.0 : I took SOWK 562 and 625 with Prof. Schwartz. She clearly has a passion for research and teaching. While research classes can be difficult Prof. Schwartz gives clear lectures and states her expectations for papers and assignments. Prof. Schwartz comes to class early and stays late to answer any questions in addition to appointments. Highly recommend
5.0 : Took Science of Social Work. Really excellent professor, knows what she's talking about on a professional level while still good at explaining things in a way that is accessible to research novices. The class was hampered by the curriculum that seemed thrown together in places, but the curriculum is designed by the department, not her.
4.5 : Great professor, really helpful and sweet.  Will go over things with you if you ask.
5.0 : Guilan is one of the nicest professors I have met! She's always there to help you and responds so quickly! She is always kind to all and loves to chat with us about French cultures and other stuff during break (either in English or in French) Her class is usually full of discussion.
4.0 : Prof Siassi is so sweet and a great French professor. She actively engages everyone, so prepare to participate, even if it is not voluntary. She gives good feedback and is a fair grader. She takes attendance every day, so it is necessary to go to class. I would definitely recommend Prof Siassi!
4.5 : Professor Trina is really great! She really loves teaching, making her classes interesting and enjoyable. She is approachable, but her office can get really crowded. I must really thank the TAs for helping me out. You need to put in effort (more than I will expect for a 2-unit class) to get an A.
5.0 : This class is a guaranteed A and I'm actually inclined to say your time would be better spent with an iOS book. Nothing against Trina, she's actually hilarious and loves the sound of crickets more than anyone I've ever met I think. Unfortunately for her, this is just a class that doesn't need to be taught by a professor.
4.0 : Class itself was a bit pointless to be honest, perhaps because I knew a lot of the stuff from reading tech news, but the class itself was still worth taking. Easy two unit class and it's not hard to get an A. You have really easy assignments and tons of opportunity for extra credit. Teacher was nice too
4.0 : Even though class was kind of pointless, it's still worth taking. Really easy class with tons of extra credit opportunities. Teacher was really nice.
3.5 : OK but does not give challenging assignments or exams. So you just get the very basics.
5.0 : She is enthusiastic and cares about her students. A very doable class. I would recommend this class.
5.0 : This class is so great. She loves what she is teaching and explains well. The bulk of the class is a group project, there is one midterm but if you study the slides you are okay. There are like 6 assignments and there are copy-paste templates that she provides so you can't not get 100%. really easy class if you want to learn more or boost your GPA
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had! She absolutely loves what she does and has a blast doing it. Also really helpful in learning the process of how apps are made. Really clear grading criteria and she often gives you the template for the homework assignment. 10/10 Would recommend!
5.0 : Her lecture is fun and engaging and she wants you to learn something from her class. Her grading is clear and there is always people to ask for help. This is a class that you had fun, learned something and get an A.
4.5 : Overall, the class is very good. He goes really fast through the content because there is a lot to cover but the assignments help to land all the material. The final project is pretty demanding and somewhat challenging but it definitely serves to put together everything that you learned. Moreover, the final product could be pretty rewarding.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Expects maturity, but always willing to have a good laugh.
5.0 : Mike is a great Professor.  I really enjoy his sense of humor and wit.  He holds students accountable and expects you to act like an adult, so be prepared to do the readings, show up on time and don't have side convos.  Very knowledgeable on public finance, cares for his students and wants them to succeed.  If you have a choice, take Mike for 541.
5.0 : Really straight-forward class and teacher. I liked him.
5.0 : Thom might be my favorite Professor at USC. He made PPD 357 not only easy, but so interesting. His style of teaching engages students to participate, and he is such a cool guy that you want to participate. Take this class or any class taught by him!
5.0 : he is the boi, take him
5.0 : Probably the best class I've taken at Price so far. Thom is engaging and everything you learn in the class is so relevant to current events. Although attendance is mandatory, you will want to go every time. Trust, take Thom.
5.0 : Super helpful teacher. Has lots of office hours, responds quickly to email. Grading doesn't seem hard but there isn't much room for error. Make sure you show up to class, it's super interesting so you'll want to anyways. 3 big tests, 15-20 page term paper, reaction paper, and attendance are what make up your grade. overall, amazing class! no txtbk
5.0 : She is an amazingly sweet, supportive, and intelligent professor. Go to lecture, do the homework, ask her questions, and you will do very well.
3.5 : Hanna treats her students as if they were her own children--if you ask her directly she will give you more help than you can handle. lectures are skippable, esp if you have good foundation from ibap chem. go to SI &amp; do problems in textbook! TAs grade 4 midterms &amp; 1 final fairly &amp; quickly. Hanna is v generous with handing out As at end of semester
4.0 : Such a sweet person and professor! Lecture-wise, it does get difficult trying to understand what she's saying because of her accent. However, she never gets upset if you need to ask a question. Her tests are easy in the sense that they're very straight-forward and fair - she'll test you only on what she has covered.
4.0 : There are clicker questions so  you always have to attend class. Her tests aren't too difficult and she curves pretty generously, so it was pretty easy to get an A in her class. She is very passionate about teaching chemistry and likes to do demos to get our attention.
5.0 : Dr. Reisler is a great professor! She is very passionate and it certainly shows in lecture. Her demos are also really fun!
4.0 : Great teacher powerpoint are good has an accent but very nice person always happy to teach u
4.0 : Dr. Reisler is incredibly passionate about chemistry-she is utterly the cutest thing when she becomes genuinely excited about the material she is teaching. The class is difficult if you don't put in the effort but Reisler provides a good amount of resources and availability. I enjoyed her class thoroughly despite how painful it can be.
5.0 : Dr. Reisler is the best professor you can ever get! She is always there for you and will do everything to help you succeed. Tests are not hard but still require studying. If you have taken AP chem this should be a piece of cake. She curves the class super generously so basically 80% of the class end up getting  AA-.
4.5 : Professor Reisler is bubbly and really wants to help all students pass the course. Come to office hours and she'll clarify a lot of the more trickier parts of her Powerpoints (like derivations). Format of the class is 4 midterms (100 points each), 1 final (200 points). The curve is generous if you put in the effort; over half the class got an AA-
5.0 : I loved Dr. Reisler, she cares about her students and is always available for advice. However, she only explains questions one way - like if you ask her again she'll explain it exactly the same way. That being said, she chooses the most direct route to solving problems and this class was really easy. She's super nice too!!
4.0 : He is the pioneer of the study of economics of happiness, so he really knows his stuff. Lectures are the main source of test information, so you need to go to class. Readings can be important - but he usually highlights specific ones. He is very nice and clear. Class isn't that hard, but you do need to study. Assigned seats. He will call on you.
3.5 : Be prepared for lots of readings. Looooots and lots of readings. Can't skip class either. He calls on you.
5.0 : Very clear professor. Easy assignments with a lot of reading, which you can sometimes skim. If you do the reading and attend lecture, you should have no problem getting an A. Super interesting curriculum. You should get to know him outside of class, too. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Armani is a phenomenal teacher, my favorite in Viterbi and at USC as a whole. This class helped me understand why nano-engineering is relevant and how it is used in real world applications. The labs are really fun, short, and the reports are very straightforward. Go to class and you'll get an easy A.
5.0 : Awesome class. It doesnt go into depth on topics but is a great survey of nano overall, from theory to history to applications and current work. Labs are fun with cool TA's and the write ups aren't bad at all. Tests are super easy as long as you show up to class and half pay attention. Armani's super organized and really nice! I'd recommend.
5.0 : Great professor, class is a perfect survey course for learning fundamentals of nanotechnology.  Would definitely recommend!
2.0 : Her explanations are not so clear and the slides provided do not have all information need, there are some questions but no answers.
5.0 : Pointless class, let's you out early 90% of classes though. Attendance is mandatory or you will fail.
4.0 : I had Armani for my freshman academy class, and it was great.  Although it was for passfail and it was an intro class, it was a great experience, and if you need to take a class for freshman academy, definitely choose Armani if you want a lot of good advice and littleno work.
5.0 : Hated the class, loved the professor. She's hilarious and down-to-earth, and will answer ANY questions you have. ENGR 102 is a pointless waste of time though. She runs a really respected lab, so if you're looking for research, ASK!
5.0 : Professor Mesrobian genuinely wants her students to succeed and provides detailed feedback on all graded assignments. If you want a good grade in the class, you have to put in the effort; it's only fair. Although I faced some challenges, I can confidently say that I enjoyed this class.
4.5 : If you actually want to learn spanish this is the professor for you. If you want an A,  don't want to put effort into this class, or don't want a teacher whos a hardass ABSOLUTELY STAY AWAY
4.5 : Very nice and very helpful. Good teacher and good explainer. However, she is a very difficult grader, so beware.
5.0 : Professor Mesrobian is a fantastic teacher. Her unwavering enthusiasm every morning made coming to class a delight. She continually engaged students in class despite our morning grogginess and took every opportunity to make lessons relatable and fun. Beyond her excellent pedagogy, she is a kind, funny, and very approachable person. Highly recommend
5.0 : Absolutely awesome professor. Best spanish teacher I've ever had - super understanding, helpful, and genuinely cares about her students. Not the easiest class, but if you put the effort in you'll be just fine.
5.0 : Prof. Mesrobian is really a treasure of USC. She really makes you work hard, but it is so worth it. I feel that my Spanish has improved immensely. If you feel like you're behind, she is very willing to help you reach your goal. Also, PARTICIPATE. It is worth it to talk a few times every class period.
5.0 : Professor Mesrobian was really friendly and always very open to helping you out if you need it. The homework doesn't take long to complete at all. She really appreciates it if you participate often!
1.0 : She is really nice but not helpful, she doesn't specify what she wants on the essays and leaves you with many doubts. Also too much group work and I prefer to work alone. You think you have written a decent or good paper but she makes you feel the opposite.
5.0 : I want to preface this class with this statement: Professor Mesrobian gives you the grade you deserve, not the grade you think you deserve. To those who see the person who was in my class and gave the "awful" review, consider your effort. You don't get a grade you didn't work for. This class is challenging, but the professor is willing to guide you
5.0 : Professor Mesrobian is a great Spanish teacher who wants to make sure that every student really learns the material. She always has a energetic and positive attitude and will encourage everyone to participate. If you want to fulfill a credit without actually learning Spanish then don't take this class, but if you want to learn Lori is great.
3.0 : Kolb is a good lecturer, and gives good analogies to help clarify concepts in his powerpoints. He has no idea what is going in lab, which is basically another class, and expects you to learn way to much information much to quickly. Test are mainly multiple choice, cumulative final, and not curved. He's always available for help during office hours.
5.0 : Amazing professor: he is helpful, clear and fair. He also is very engaging during his lectures. A rather hard GE class but if you put the work in, you can get an A. Professor Kolb helped me figure out my career path, and I very much enjoyed his class.
4.5 : He is amazing. I have had him for 3 different classes. Loved visiting him during office hours. He is passionate, and loves getting to know you. The secrete to passing all exams. Study his lecture slides only. don't even need to buy book, its just supplementary.
3.5 : HIs lectures are extremely dense. You cannot afford to have your mind wander, and YOU MUST review lectures after every class. He is a nice guy, but he makes things more confusing than needed. He wants you to think for yourself, but sometimes wont tell you the answer and keeps you guessing even if you knew it. He is a little condescending at times.
3.5 : Professor Kolb is the best lecturer I have had throughout my four years at USC. His lectures are long but informative, and crucial to passing the class. Take copious notes and prepare to study for a few weeks before each exam. None of his tests are curved and the final is cumulative. Requires effort but definitely worth it if you're serious.
5.0 : Kolb is an amazing teacher and will give you a very strong foundation in anatomy that will be essential for a career in any health-related field. He's a very approachable guy who is very passionate about teaching and getting to know his students. LARGE volume of info but easy concepts
5.0 : Dr. Kolb not only presents material with clarity and concision, but is also passionate about students' learning and overall knowledge. He makes known his expectations, with lectures directly correlating with the assigned textbook readingso there are no surprises when it comes to what's on the exams. He's also very approachable and willing to help.
4.0 : Kolb is a fantastic lecturer and designs exams that will test students on the material in a fair but extremely challenging way. Although there are easier professors to choose for this same course at USC, I recommend Kolb if you are truly attending college to learn and receive the best education.
4.0 : Toughest teacher I have ever had at USC but nice guy
4.5 : Hands down hardest course I've taken at USC. So. Much. Material. Book reading is mandatory. Agree with other rater that the lab is like taking an extra class, because there is even more material to learn and in a very short time frame (weekly quizzes in lab). Cumulative final that will seriously end you. But great class and nice guy.
5.0 : The material itself isn't difficult but there's just so much of that you can't cram &amp; hope to do well. Going over 1 day of notes can take 3 hrs to really memorize it. He's clear, energetic &amp; entertaining--I looked forward to class even thou they were 8am this semester. Nice guy, always available for questions. His office hrs were always PACKED
4.5 : Great lecturer but tests are way too hard to make the class worth taking for credit. Take it pass/fail if you actually want to enjoy it. Good luck!
5.0 : Dr. Kolb is single handedly the most amazing professor I've ever had. He is infinitely knowledgable and he takes the time to share all of his knowledge. Not only does he care about the material, but he cares about his students caring about the material. And his eloquent and insightful lectures enable that. Take his class, even if you don't get an A
5.0 : My hardest class thus far. The materials are not innately difficult but the sheer amount of it and the details you need to understand puts this class up there. He is a great professor but be prepared to work and read the book. It is also uncurved and final is cumulative.. good luck.
4.5 : Dr. Kolb was an amazing professor. I've never had a professor who was as clear with his expectations and lectures. Really encourages participation and is incredibly passionate about his class. With that being said, this class was the hardest class I've taken and it requires hours of studying. If you're not in the science department, don't take this
4.5 : Dr. Kolb is an outstanding professor. He is funny and makes lectures enjoyable for students. He is passionate about what he teaches but does not expect you to come in with a bunch of background knowledge on the subject. It is a very difficult class with hard tests but the content and the professor made it one of my favorite classes.
5.0 : Dr. Kolb is the best professor I've ever had. He is hilarious and very engaging in class and his passion for the subject really shows. He is very available for office hours. Its clear he truly cares about his student's success. That being said, this class is very hard. Be prepared- cramming wont cut it. Don't take this as a GE.
3.5 : He is one of the toughest professors I have ever had. His final is cumulative and he does not curve the class. However, he makes his lectures very entertaining and informative and is clear about his expectations. Exams are difficult and at times unfair. But you will learn a lot and will use this information in any health related field.
5.0 : What a professor. What a class. Highly suggest any pre-med to take this course even if it is not a GPA booster. You learn tons of valuable information that is applicable to about anything and everything. No curve, difficult lab, and somewhat difficult tests. Bring lube to the final.
5.0 : Professor Weiss is both very knowledgeable and a great professor! She is very clear and nice and her lectures are worth going to.
4.5 : Epitomizes a genuine &amp; nice person, cares about/works with students individually, but not overbearing which is perfect. Fascinated with what she's teaching, which conveys to students. Wish she taught the entirety of the ENST program with Lisa Collins. Class has 2 midterms, a final, &amp; a long hw assignment everyone leaves to the end
5.0 : Got introduced to hedge funds and opened several avenues. Very helpful prof.
4.5 : Prof Schroeder is super duper nice and understanding. She's willing to go the extra mile to clarify things with you during office hours or conferences. She's very knowledgeable, but sometimes she's contradictory in her conference and her actual grading so take her advice with a bit of salt and you'll be fine. Trust your instinct when writing :)
4.0 : Prof Schroeder is a really good writing teacher.  She makes WRIT340 very fair and it's pretty easy to get an A in this class if you do the work.  She'll actually give an A on your paper if you deserve it (unlike in WRIT150).  She's also very nice and friendly!  I took engineering writing and there were 3 papers, 3 presentations, group project.
5.0 : I really liked her because she focused on helping the students succeed. After the first paper she went over our strengths and helped up address our weaknesses, and built the rest of the class around the students. There was a good amount of work, but none of it was really difficult. I'd recommend her again
5.0 : Prof. Shroeder's GESM class on science, ethics, and literature is as good a class can get. The books and ethical texts we read for class were interesting and they had a profound influence on me. In other comments, students mentioned that she was a tough grader; but the fault was not on her as the writing classes they took had stricter standards.
5.0 : Love this class! The work load is light, just various papers throughout the semester on actually interesting topics. The class is chill and the little homework we get helps with the papers. She's a good professor and def there to help! Sometimes she lets us decide when assignments are due and sometimes what they are so we aren't overwhelmed.
1.0 : The workload in this class is insane. Professor Schroeder is really nice but when it comes to assignments and grading its going to be tough. This class isn't a class you want to take for an easy A. Just be aware.
5.0 : Best professor ever met in USC CS department. He delivered wonderful lectures during the semester. In each class he could prioritize his points and present them in a very clear and unambiguous manner. Also he made many analogies to help us digest the difficult principles, ideas and concepts. Really Love this class :)
5.0 : 1) Course content was very good. 2) 50% of the lectures are covered by demos and current research topics. 3)  Professor teaches the concepts slowly and clearly.
1.5 : Your grade is almost completely dependent on your extra credit on projects and possibly other factors. Somehow the highest grade on the final was a 83% when I got about a 55% with a 1 page cheat sheet that had exact copy and pasted answers to about 70% of the questions on the final from the slides.  Teacher refuses to show final.  Sketch.
5.0 : Professor Barbic's class didn't disappoint. Everything he lectures about is extremely relevant for tests and assignments. I've also been to most of his office hours since he was available often and he gave me tons of guidance when I ran into trouble. He is, by far, my favorite professor at USC and I recommend him to all my CS classmates.
1.0 : Terrible professor. Terrible class.
5.0 : Fleming is evidently a passionate teacher. You'd be missing out on your USC experience not talking his 470 class.
5.0 : You gotta take his Global Leadership class - this is one of the best classes that was recommended to me by a friend. He was previously a consultant as well and taught some of the smart marshall alumni that I've known
5.0 : I love quentin! He is so caring about his students and he is always very positive towards everyone. If you want to be in a class were you will feel at home and happy everytime; TAKE THIS CLASS!   The ELC experience is so great for business students who wants to learn a lot about leadership in a practical manner
5.0 : This class subject is really inspirational. Do various readings on how to become a better leader and the professor accommodates your vision of a leader with class material given. You don't have to do all the readings  but you do have to pay close attention to lectures and participate as much as possible, doesn't have to be "French chocolate".
5.0 : Fleming is nice and so sweet. Nothing but positive things to say about him
5.0 : This professor gives great feedback and is both caring and inspirational. This professor above all treats students with respect and tries to actually teach.
5.0 : Overall an easy class. People got bad grades in class because they put literally no effort and never showed up. An easy A when you do some participation and do some readings. This professor is really nice and cares about students.
4.0 : What a great professor. He is really nice and gives a decent amount of work. He cares about students and really wants you to learn. Overall easy A when you participate and do some readings.
2.5 : This class is easy if you do the reading &amp; you relate your cases to the points discussed in class and the reader. Make sure that you follow the exact structure he wants or else he will mark you down. There is no midterm. Two group projects. Two Course reader cases. 1 Country Case. Lectures are so boring! He loves to give out Bs. A's not often seen
5.0 : This professor is amazing. Fleming is happy every single day and every student loves him. I will miss him so much
5.0 : Tamanaha sensee is one of my favorite professors at USC. She made Japanese easy to learn. I got A just by attending lectures and finishing homework everyday.
5.0 : Tamanaha sensei is very nice and her class is quite easy. Her classes and assignments are straightforward, and as long as you do the work you will end up with very high marks. Class is mandatory, though, and she is a stickler for punctuality. Other than that, the class itself is easy and she is very, very nice!
5.0 : This was by far one of my favorite courses at USC, and though it was a fast-paced course and there was a fair amount of homework (daily assignments), I never felt it as a burden to do or study. Tamanaha-sensei is an amazing professor; she has a great attitude; always enthusiastic, interesting, and encouraging; she really made each class enjoyable.
5.0 : A very nice and helpful professor
5.0 : An Amazing Teacher, The Course is perfectly designed to teach a large amount of basic Japanese. You will learn to read, write and speak. I wish all Language classes I had ever taken were taught in the same way she teaches class. There is HW every day, but it is necessary to master the basics. I learned more Japanese in 2 months than French in 2 yrs
5.0 : Prof Tamanaha was one of the most adorable professors I've had! Her lectures are fun and easy to participate in. It's easy to get an A if you ay attention to lectures and do your homework.
5.0 : Abbass is a great professor. His lecture is well prepared and easy to follow. He is very patient with the students and he makes sure that we understand the material. He is also good at taking suggestions and make changes accordingly.
5.0 : I'm glad I took this class with him! He's super nice and funny. He does a good job of explaining the concepts in class and he tries to make it not as boring. Assignments aren't hard if you pay attention and follow his examples in class. He also makes really useful videos. Don't be afraid to ask questions, he's always willing to help!
5.0 : Amazing professor! Very clear with his lectures, instructions, and always willing to help. Would definitely recommend again. He teaches IOM classes too!
4.0 : Great professor for a capstone class
4.0 : As a relatively young professor, Sharif tries his best to connect with students through humor and stories. But 425 is pretty dry material, so he often loses the interest of the class. If you attend classes and work on the practice tests, the class is fairly easy. It's a standardized course, so tests are not dependent on the professor.
5.0 : Great instructor, one of the best in the DSO department at USC. He really knows his stuff. Would recommend.
5.0 : Took him for my Masters of Business for Veterans and he was super awesome. If you have a chance to take him I would definitely recommend it.
5.0 : An easy GESM to take for maths credit. Exams are super easy and are the same questions we do in class. He always explains everything super slowly and completely to make sure that everybody understands. He lets the class out 30 min earlier almost always and gives all the answers for our class questions.
5.0 : He is very clear in explaining the concepts. Office hours are also very helpful.
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : Graham is the best journalism professor I've ever had. If you want to be a reporter or work in journalism at all, take this class! He's all about storytelling and is really wonderful
5.0 : JOUR207, the first real JOUR class, is a lot of work and is kind of a "weed out" class- lots of projects outside of class, filming, editing, etc.. But Graham is a great professor which helps a lot! He is nice, thoughtful, and always lets you send him scripts before they are due so he can edit them &amp; give feedback before grading them.  A true gem.
4.0 : The class was new when I took it and the issues were not her fault. As a person she is a bit unorganized but a great painter who can tell you exactly how to improve your skills. If you get on her goodside and are friendly she'll like you, which helps your grade. She's funny too which is a plus! All reading was online! No textbook.
5.0 : If you want a good grade, you have to work for it, but its worth it.  She's an awesome professor and embraces your drawing style.  I would definitely take another class with her.
5.0 : Love this woman! She is incredibly knowledgable on art history throughout the ages- will give you a plethora of things to look up/ research! She takes art seriously, she gives this field so much integrity
4.5 : One of the most caring professors I have ever had! Does everything he can to make sure his students will succeed. He is passionate about what he teaches and wants students to be passionate to. I would definitely recommend!
5.0 : Julian is very passionate about his studies and our class discussion is always highly intellectual. He would provide us reading materials instead of textbooks to save money and tho the readings and many concepts can be really abstract and deep he usually gives good grades if u show u r actively thinking about those topics. He is super nice also!!
5.0 : Very great teacher and enthusiastic about what he teaches. There is quite a bit of reading involved, but it's usually not too difficult. All of the films seen in this class were also very informative about Spanish and Latin American culture. Take home midterm and final, which is a plus. If you show up to class and participate, you should be fine
4.5 : Amazing professor! She's absolutely brilliant in the subject. The papers are pretty hardcore and sometimes the prompts seem very open, but she gives a lot of guidance if you talk to her one-on-one. The exams required memorization of authors and had some matching. Hard but if you study and go to lecture, it's not bad. She's very kind and helpful!
4.5 : Korean Literature and Thought Class. A lot of Koreans take this course assuming that it will be easy, but it's not true. As an arts and letters ge, there is a lot of reading and essay writing. Reading and participation are essential. Take good lecture notes. Go to office hours. Professor Park only rewards hardworking students.
4.5 : Professor Greenfield is a nice person and she will willingly assist you either in person or by e-mail. There are 4 5-7 pages writing assignments plus one final portfolio overall. While the class is challenging, with two weeks max to complete an assignment and no break in between, the class can also be rewarding.
4.0 : Sonia is a great writing professor all around. Our topic was education but on the last paper she let us write about any social issue, not necessarily about education. She is a tough grader but provides very thorough feedback on all of your essays. My writing definitely improved because of this class.
5.0 : An amazing writing teacher. She is very passionate about what she does. She grades tough, but thats mostly the WRIT 150 program. Her dry sarcasm is hilarious, and she's very invested in her students. I highly recommend her. Also, she rarely used the course book so save yourself the money.
5.0 : Sonia is very helpful, so if you have any questions about the writing assignments, don't hesitate to shoot her an e-mail or drop by her office during Office Hour. Highly recommend! You would have to work really hard, but in the end, it will be worth it.
1.0 : Definitely would look elsewhere for a WRIT 150 professor. Her lectures feel longer than they are and barely cover any course material. She never seemed to have a lesson plan and spent most of the lecture in conversation with herself. She gives a lot of feedback, but never improves your grade when you put it into practice so what's the point?
4.5 : Sonia is one of the most approachable and friendliest professors I have had. She is very laid-back and her classes are usually chill. She gives good feedback on your essays and will answer any specific questions you have. I would definitely recommend her as a writing professor. There are 4 overall assignments for the class, just like all WRIT 150.
3.5 : Overall I wouldn't recommend her for writing. Although she gives good feedback, the grading is ridiculously tough compared to other WRIT 150 teachers. Lectures are extremely boring, and often useless in terms of learning to become a better writer.  However, compared to the other Contemporary Economics Writing professors, she might not be too bad.
5.0 : She is a brilliant-super-sexy intellectual. Wow.
3.0 : This professor is more like a dictator than a teacher. A good comp lit professor will lecture and then ask open-ended questions. Zivin does not do this. She only respects her own train of thought and will only allow students to speak on what she thinks is right. She constantly interrupts students and stares students down if they look away from her.
4.0 : Great professor! Not that hard of a class, especially since he posts all the lectures online and gives you last years midterms as practice tests. Only homework is the quizzes which can be redone multiple times and if you forget to do one, he'll drop your lowest quiz score. I'm not interested in accounting AT ALL but its still an enjoyable class
5.0 : No homework, only online quizzes that you can redo however many times until you get it right. Tests are hard, but with the Marshall curve you'll be fine. He is really understanding and has a great sense of humor. You won't regret taking his class!
5.0 : Amazing professor. Lectures are clear, and the class problems and homework coincide with the exam problems. He has lots of great stories, and is a very approachable person and a funny guy. Perhaps the best professor I have had at USC.
5.0 : Marshall Vance is essentially Michael Cera meets accounting. He's funny, passionate, and a bit shy and awkward at points, but still cares about all of his students. His tests can be VERY difficult though, and the study guides aren't necessarily the most useful. But he allows a formula paper for each test which negates the difficulty. Love this guy!
5.0 : He's one of the best professors at Marshall! Gives clear cut instructions on how to achieve an A. If you regularly attend class and put in a few hours of effort every week, you should be fine.
5.0 : He is just awesome. Easy A even without the curve. With the curve, this course is just perfect.
5.0 : Really great accounting professor who spices up a rather dry and boring subject content. His tests are quite easy if you just do a little bit of studying. Definitely recommend!
4.5 : Hm... not sure why Prof. Vance is getting so much hate on here. The exams are difficult and you'll probably run out of time, but it's a business course so there's the Marshall curve. Class average determines grades, not your raw score. Great teacher. Accounting's not my thing and I did horribly in my first accounting class but have an A in this one
5.0 : Interesting lectures for an accounting class. He is a fan of the dodgers. He uses ponies as accounting examples! That always cracks me up lol! TAKE HIS CLASS! You won't regret it
2.5 : Professor Vance seems to be knowledgeable on the subject and his PowerPoint slides are thorough(which can get dry and boring at times, but his exams are just purely difficult. He says he gives a little "twist" with the exam questions to help us think and challenge us, but it's ridiculous. I don't know if his grading system is totally fair either.
5.0 : Very intelligent and knowledgeable about art history. Articulate and clear in her lectures. Made lectures on the Northern Renaissance very engaging, even if you were not interested in the subject. USC incurred an absolute loss after she transferred to Carleton.
4.0 : Dr. Hyde is a great professor, but I didn't connect with her the way I have, previous professors. I like to feel connected to professors. You must do readings, since every class has breakout sessions to discuss them. I wouldn't say she's passionate, but she knows her information, answers questions, gives advice when asked. I would take her again.
4.0 : Dr. Lauria is great.  She does make you work for your grade through, and makes sure everyone is participating.  She does very often go off on tangents, but she does genuinely care about her students.
4.0 : I had Rita for both speech and writing101. Rita is VERY helpful but can be wishy-washy with how she wants a project to be completed. I agree, she does go on tangents, but its hilarious! She goes out of her way to help students write essays and provides great feedback!
5.0 : She was very helpful and had a vast knowledge about the subject. When she would speak her own speaking ability would show in her lecture.
4.5 : Professor Lauria is very interesting. She is highly energetic, entertaining, and intelligent. It was an absolute delight having her as my instructor. The workload is not too intensive, but you will need to apply yourself. I would definitely take another class taught by her.
5.0 : She's a wonderful professor who gives good feedback and grades very fairly. I took speech so the grading was on how well your speech was composed and how much you improved as opposed to how well you speak. Which I think is the goal of the course. To improve, not to be perfect or a public speaker.
5.0 : Brilliant and funny guy. I was scared to take the class, as "functional neuroanatomy" sounds intimidating. He made it interesting and not-scary. He's always willing to explain things patiently if you need help.
4.0 : Lectures are boring but all the information you need to know for exams are on the ppt slides. Makes hilarious comments occasionally. Exams are extremely straightforward and most people finish before time is up. Assignment breakdown was: 2 midterms, 2 short group papers (4 pgs), final exam, and 2 group presentations (Nobody pays attention though).
4.5 : Great industry experience, lots of great wisdom. His class put a lot of my struggles in industry into a workable context.
3.5 : If you want an A, attend his lecture! Nothing more ..
5.0 : He is such a nice professor. I really recommend people to take him.
5.0 : He's the nicest professor at USC. Read the study guides and you will be fine for the midterm. No final, just final project. Class doesn't require textbook, he posts all the readings on Blackboard for you.
5.0 : He broke down the complex material so that it could be understood easily by every one in the class and was always able to provide extra help. He also presented the material in an engaging way every single class and made sure that we were working in groups as often as possible, something that isn't easy to do in a large lecture based course.
5.0 : He is very passionate about his work. I can tell he wants the best for his students and when you do not understand he will stop and help explain in further detail. He is easy to talk to and when there is an issue he is willing to help. Great learning experience
5.0 : He always puts the class in a positive learning mood! Very excited about the material, and always engaging when referring to the content. Also, Godoy adds a personal element to his lecture which is extremely effective when studying/learning the material in general. I have taken 2 courses with him now, and greatly appreciate his method of teaching.
5.0 : THE SWEETEST PROFESSOR AT USC. He brings you cookies every class. Easy A. Even though I kind of wish he graded harder so we'd have an incentive to learn. Because I learned nothing. And I'm getting an A.
5.0 : I had professor Godoy last year from COMM 301L and just had to take him again for COMM 322! The sweetest professor you will ever have!
5.0 : Loved him and this class. He is a great teacher that is dedicated to his students success. USC is lucky to have him.
5.0 : Prof Godoy is a lot of fun and perhaps too easy for USC. I really enjoyed his class and did learn a decent amount. The debates at the end were amazing and the exams were pretty simple. Do a little reading, pay attention to the study guides and an A is almost promised. However, do a little extra work and this class will pay off even more.
4.5 : Easiest A of my life. His study guides were literally identical to the actual tests. He's a very easy grader. He's really sweet. He'd show up with cookies every single day. Bless him.
5.0 : Professor Godoy has an amazing heart. You can feel his passion for the subject and he moves at the perfect pace so that the class remains interesting yet challenging.
5.0 : Best professor in Annenberg. Very nice and helpful. Read the study guides, and you will be fine in the exams.
5.0 : Easiest class ever. The study guide literally had the exact same questions as the actual midterm/final. It also included answers, so the answers were the exact same as well. He was super sweet and he brought treats to every class.
5.0 : Such a great professor! I learned so much and always looked forward to coming to his class.
5.0 : I've never had a professor work so hard for me. I really recommend him. He is super funny also.
5.0 : De Silva made a writing course bearable! He is funny and quirky and extremely pleasant. As for his teaching ability, he is very clear about what he expects. Also, his grading style does not change, so it's very easy to progress from a C to an A if you follow instructions.
4.5 : Andrew is amazing. Not an easy grader but definitely knowledgable and passionate about writing. He gives you one free extension and is super helpful when you go to office hours. Also he is really hot.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. Not an easy grader,  but a fair one. Go to classes, read (text selections were amazing), and participate as much as you can.  He actually gives constructive feedback on essays. I can honestly say he made me a better writer.
5.0 : His class is super hard and he really makes you work for it, but he's so worth it. Really great guy and great professor, and you really become a better writer. Has a close personal connection to every student, and really remembers the feedback he gives everyone. Writing 150 is hard, but since you have to take it, you should with him.
5.0 : Write 340 is an anarchic class within the USC general education curriculum, both Andrew works to make the class both worthwhile and enjoyable. I cannot express the extent that his advice and teaching has aided my  written word. His class - with exception to a few other Writ 340 teachers - stands as a pinnacle of USC's writing education. Engage.
5.0 : He is young and knows how to teach college students. Really clear on his explanations and what he wanted, definitely recommend him as a professor.
5.0 : DeSilva is great. He talks a lot, but is excited about the material and really cares about his students-- an overall good guy. He has a strict attendance policy, so if you don't go to class/are apathetic and grouchy in class, you'll have a bad time. If you put in the work and actually use your brain, you'll do well. Not an evil WRIT150 prof!!
5.0 : Andrew is one of the best, if not the best, professor I've had at USC so far.  He gives great insight/advice into writing, has great readings, and does his best to pull out the best analytical thinker in you. You'll come out of the class a much better writer. That being said, he's not easy so get ready to put in a lot of work. 11/10, do recommend.
5.0 : Not an easy class by any means, but it was much more enjoyable than I expected. Andrew makes the class very engaging and interesting. Highly recommend taking WRIT 150 with him.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've ever had. Extremely invested in each student &amp; is genuinely there for you.  Very engaging and makes the writing assignments really fun.  Let's you write just about anything because he makes his prompts relatively loose. Never assigned a paper longer than 7 pages double spaced. No doubt that he made me a great writer.
4.0 : Professor De Silva talks, a lot; most of it is either funny or useful. Attendance is necessary and there is ample opportunity for participation. This professor seems to have a heart and understands when you have outside obligations, or a rough day. Try to be organized, there are a lot of small assignments. Fair grading.
5.0 : Take him if you can. One of the best professors I've had in my college career. Lectures, discussion, and text selections are interesting. Bit of a tough grader but he makes himself available for his students. I can honestly say I thoroughly enjoyed the class. I'm a better writer now thanks to him.
5.0 : Andrew is one of the most caring writing professors I've had. He's a tough grader but he weighs earlier papers less harshly so that you have room to grow. I truly feel I've improved my writing and argumentative skills. He gives good feedback and actually remembers it, meaning that he really is there to make sure you grow. A lot of work but worth it
5.0 : By far one of the best teachers I've had. I came into college being a fairly decent writer, but I feel like my argumentative skills and development of writing a good paper has evolved into something infintely better. Definitely a tough grader, but one that really delivers constructive criticism so that you can improve on your future papers.
5.0 : Kind of a tough grader, but he is very insightful, incredibly helpful and makes class very enjoyable.
5.0 : One of the best professors here at USC. Take his class, you won't regret it
4.0 : I love her! Im just bummed the curve didnt work in my favor. Ended up with a b+ when I should have gotten an A.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had at USC. She is extremely enthusiastic, engaging in class and clear in her lectures! She really believes in her students and wants them to succeed. An admirable, intelligent woman! The class entails some busy work on a week-to-week basis, but her tests are straightforward and you learn a lot.
5.0 : I really liked her, she was very clear, kind, and tests are MC and very reasonable.  I would totally take her again for another class.  I would highly suggest her but know that there is a good amount of easy "busy" work.
5.0 : El-Haddad is wonderful teacher.  Kind, passionate, and knowledgeable.  Tests are very reasonable and all MC.  There is a good about of busy work but its not that time consuming.  I would take her again any day.  Classes usually end 20 minutes early and she is a very fair grader.  Take her!
5.0 : Christine has a wealth of knowledge in the area of Strategic Management. In all my years at USC, few if any professors have demonstrated the drive to succeed, enthusiasm to teach, and the entrepreneurial passion that is manifest in Christine. Her attitude and positive energy is truly inspiring.
5.0 : This class is tedious in the sense that you have many assigned types of work that all add up to only participation. You then have other assignments that count for more of your grade. Just attend class, read cases, and participate. Exams are based on slides, remember this!
5.0 : Christine is a great prof. I would suggest that you pick your group wisely as you will be working together all semester. I had a great team, all type A personalities that could work under pressure. There is a lot of work, however it evenly distributes your grade unlike other 497 classes. Participation can save your grade, It got me my A!
5.0 : Best teacher in USC! Super nice and very helpfull. She even say sorry to the students if the tests are too hard! Highly recommended  for BUAD 497 class
5.0 : She is EXTREMELY enthusiastic and animated during lectures and it took me 2 weeks to get used to it. But besides that she really cares about the material and will award extra credit if you put the effort into your work. Overall pretty easy and straight forward class. Not mind blowing but would recommend taking it with her.
5.0 : Took his intro to IR based on Lord of the Ring politics during the summer and had a fantastic semester.  Long but engaging lectures, with extensive real-world and LOTR examples.  The tests were taken right out of the given study guides and he was always available to talk to students. Feel like I have a much greater understanding of world politics
5.0 : Professor James is a real treasure at USC. He is so caring of his students, despite being involved in so many other things, he regularly makes time outside of class. He has an amazing abundance of knowledge on all things IR, and is passionate enough to engage you too even when the subject maybe be upsetting (genocide). One of the best at USC
5.0 : Professor James is one of the most caring professors I've had at USC. The material in 211 is dry, and he knows it, but he really tries to engage students and make it entertaining. He always gets excited when a new person comes in to participate which is always a nice confidence boost.
5.0 : Qin laoshi was my favorite Chinese lecturer at USC, I had so much fun in her class!! She was super nice and her class was AMAZING!!
5.0 : Great professor! Great class if you want to learn the beginning chinese.  In this class, we only learn speaking and listening. Writing is not required. Super easy homework, just record your voice! Super helpful. Pass for sure.  Grading is easy. I believe no one fail (This is a credit no credit class). Must take if you have 2 units free. No textbk!
5.0 : This is the best class I've ever taken. You get to learn how to write calligraphy and learn its history. The professor is super sweet and really funny. Chill and fun class.
5.0 : Caring and she'll help you in get better at Chinese. Welcome to go to her office hours and off-hours with appointment every week
5.0 : Great Chinese teacher. She is always accessible and will answer any question you have (Sometimes you might have to figure out the answer, since it's often in Chinese). Engaging and fun lectures.
5.0 : Yes he is hard, but he teaches!!
3.5 : Profesor Vergara is a tough teacher but he cares that his students learn the concepts of theory. He also reaches out to help his students and makes himself available via texts, as a former student it was clear to me that he cares about global issues and humanity in general.
5.0 : Professor Vergara is an amazing professor. He is a hard professor but he makes sure you have learnt concepts, theories and everything in the course before you're done ! He sends inspirational emails throughout the semester and keeps pushing students to do the best!
5.0 : great professor
4.5 : Professor Harris is hands-down the best professor that I have ever had!!!  He speaks to you as a human.  He makes mistakes and lets you know that. His style of teaching is unconventional but very inspirational!!!  He makes you want to learn!  This is what I pictured grad school to be like!
4.5 : He ROCKS! I love James! Always rolls into class with an enthusiasm that is unmatched by any other professor at USC. The man gets it. He understands what parts of the language are difficult to understand and is always there for his students. He does give a quite a bit of homework at first; however, the work becomes gets easier.
4.0 : James has been one of my best professors at USC! He spends a lot of time really trying to get students to understand class material. Rarely does he ever sit and lecture. Instead, class is very conversation based and it's a great opportunity to practice new tenses and vocabulary. James will challenge you, but he is also always very willing to help.
5.0 : James is a very special instructor.  I learned an incredible amount and was required to do a lot of work.  The work is worth it if your interested in learning the language.  I highly recommend him for beginners especially since he's not a native speaker.  His ability to relate to students helps bridge the language barrier in my opinion.
5.0 : Professor Fortney is truly the most impactful professor I have had at USC. Never have I met a professor that is so genuinely invested in not only his students success, but also their life decisions and futures. Each day in his class was such a joy due to his high energy and the interactive nature of his classroom. I highly recommend him
5.0 : James is by far one of my favorite professors at USC. I had the opportunity to go to Rome with him through the Italian department Rome program and it was the best summer of my life. James is enthusiastic and encouraging and it really makes a difference. If you go to his office hours he really goes above and beyond to work with you. Amazing prof!
5.0 : Professor Fortney is absolute amazing. He is by far the best professor I have had at USC. He takes genuine interest in seeing his students succeed in life and will continue to check up on you past his class. In his classes, you will do well as long as you put in some effort and participate-- he loves participation! If you have the chance, take him!
3.0 : I was lost all semester. Unless you have some knowledge prior, you'll probably be lost too. Her teaching style is bad. She writes on chalkboard all class and expects you to copy and email your notes. Impossible to learn like that. Altho friendly and willing to help, she is unclear. No final and short weekly reflections. I have no idea how I got a B
5.0 : Fantastic teacher, highly recommend this GE. Lectures were sometimes boring but she is extremely knowledgeable on the subject. Make sure you do the weekly reflections. No final or midterm but a 10 pg term paper
3.5 : Professor Sherma is such a nice person and her class is very easy. There are 2 weekly reflections, but she barely grades them. And the final term paper (no finalmidterm) is also a piece of cake. However, there is no organization to her teaching structure so she repeats herself all the time and lectures can get VERY repetitive.
5.0 : I love Dr. Sherma so much. She is so kind and is ready to help you learn as much about Eastern Religion -- which if you're not already accustomed to it, is very different. I am a Human Biology major and I really loved this upper division REL class. Sad to know she is leaving for Cal this December.
5.0 : McNiff is an incredible professor who was really willing to assist students inside and outside of class in earning a grade and learning how to write informative papers. I enjoyed the class and the way he taught.
4.5 : Funny guy, usually interesting lectures. He is really nice and understands that as a student you are enrolled in multiple classes and have a lot of work. Very lenient when it comes to extensions, flexible with due dates.
3.0 : P.T was a very nice guy and he is very enthusiastic about the course. The only issue is that he doesn't give  much feedback on the papers so you don't know how to improve on the next one (my writing didn't improve). His prompts are also so hard and broad you feel like you have to solve a huge philosophical issue rather than write a good paper.
5.0 : PT is great. I learned so much in his class and he makes learning fun. Plus, he is very easy on the eyes . . . ;)
5.0 : Great choice for writing150. Makes classroom alive and fun. Very flexible when it comes to the extensions.
5.0 : He was very resourceful, and always available to chat and help outside of class. He also allowed a lot of freedom to take papers in whatever direction the student wanted.
4.5 : She's simply the best professor I'v ever had. Nice person, very willing to help, and the lectures are interesting. She's also very knowledgeable about the topics - google her name and you will find tons of people citing her work. Not a lot of homework, if you put in the effort you get good grade. Overall, definitely a class that I wanna take again.
5.0 : My favorite class of the semester and one the best teachers I've ever had. She is also such a nice lady and the subject matter was very interesting.
4.5 : "The Art and Science of Decision Making" was useful, interesting, and fun. Wakslak is kind and understanding yet professional and challenging when she needs to be. Generally a very pleasant class and there's only a few homeworks. There was a project in place of final. Would recommend the professor or the class to anyone.
5.0 : Super interesting class that is not very rigorous on the grading side. The material is really good to know and very valuable regardless of what you go on to do in life. There is only one midterm that you can do well on if you study every term and know them well. She is one of the nicest and most helpful professors at Marshall.
5.0 : Highly recommend taking one of her classes! She is very engaging and focused on students learning rather than grades. MOR 451 has 1 midterm, a final project, and homework assignments.
5.0 : Such a great GESM class. Very nice person
5.0 : Simply one of the best professors I have had at USC. Make econ very interesting from a journalist's perspective. Very encouraging and always accessible to students. Helpful and reply to email very quick. Highly recommend if you are a JOUR major and wanna learn some econ stuff! And, NO TEST!!!
4.0 : He's like the cool dad you wish you had. His lectures are extensive, and he cares a lot about journalism and the business side of the profession. He's hilarious too!
4.5 : Very easy class if you put the time in. I was pledging and rarely read everything, yet still pulled out a B.  Estrada is a great lecturer; one thing I would suggest is to make sure you show up to class, I missed two in-class quizzes and it dropped my grade. Overall, very fair and straightforward, just make sure to show up to class.
4.5 : Easy class to pass, sexy teacher to look at, no reading necessary.
3.0 : She is very unclear about what is required in the group project and assignments. I thought that I would love sociology and maybe minor in it but after taking her class she made me not want to. She is cool funny and nice but since she is younger and newer she does not seem like she always knows what shes doing.
2.5 : She a nice person. The class was annoying, the lectures were boring, and the 5 pop quizzes (5% each,5 pts each) were based on the readings. Class is out of 100 points so if you mess up, you mess up. She offers extra credit but it is annoying. You will get offended in this class. Just do the work, get through it.  Very annoying.
4.0 : nice woman, lectures are kinda boring but whatever. powerpoints are all online. you can skim through the readings. going to class will help but you don't really have to, her tests are easy if you look through the powerpoints and go to class sometimes. group assignments are meh. easy A in my opinion
2.5 : I liked the assigned readings  because they were interesting, and educational.  Estrada was not very clear about what she was looking for on big assignments and failed to use rubrics. She takes long to answer emails. The only exam we had was our midterm. Andchoose your group wisely because you might be expected to work with them all semester long.
5.0 : Really clear, helpful, and down to earth woman. She has a witty sense of humor that keeps the class up-beat, &amp; covers contemporary issues or material of political and cultural importance, which I really enjoyed. If you come to her for help, she will extend deadlines. In class, she will provide you with vocab when writing essays.  Take her class!
5.0 : Profesora Vierma is fabulous! She is understanding, patient and always energetic. For those struggle with Spanish, she is the perfect professor!
5.0 : Skipped half the semester and still got an A-. enough said. Take it, shake it, and bake it.
5.0 : Like most Spanish teachers, speaking Spanish is required while in class, but she'll give you help if you are a little shy. She graded marvelously, and was always accessible over email. She truly cares about students which is a gem since this class is required for Dornsife students interested in taking Spanish. She is the best one out there!
5.0 : Vierma is rockstar! She is such a great teacher and I would recommend her to everyone! She is funny and loves to have fun in class so come with a personality
5.0 : Super kind person with a great (sarcastic) sense of humor. Do the online homework and go to class and you'll do fine. Participation is necessary and there are a couple portfolio assignments where you need to go out into the community but other than that pretty chill - easy A if you put in a little effort.
4.5 : Pretty good for a language requirement. She doesn't make you do insane amounts of work and most of the work that you do (save the Blackboard assignments) are really useful to improve your Spanish. She's very quirky.
3.5 : She is very understanding and extremely helpful when you don't understand. She is pretty encouraging as well. She makes class pretty fun, super nice, even brings treats on test days. Only homework is blackboard and tests are not hard.
3.5 : This is a very participation based class. it was not structured very clearly but it seemed like she planned to use our class' feedback to form clearer guidelines and deadlines for assignments. She is savy about world issues.
5.0 : I love professor Vierma and hope I can take another course with her while I am still at usc. She is a very caring teacher and understands the difficulties of learning Spanish as a second language. Her quizzes are tough but she gives great feedback for papers and you can get good grades on them. I would recommend her to all, not a super hard class
5.0 : Andrew is simply amazing! Took his class this semester even though I wasn't particularly interested in his syllabus just because friends highly recommended him. His classes are really fun and discussion based. He is an amazing person who really gets to know you. Tutorials are an absolute delight. Highly recommend taking a class with him.
5.0 : Awesome instructor. He's passionate, enthusiastic, and genuinely trying to ask you questions about the material, not just telling you what to think.
4.0 : Mr. Allport's a really nice guy, and he's a good writing teacher - he really helps you dissect your writing and improve at editing. He's smart, and makes discussions interesting; he's good at provoking conversations. Not too difficult a grader, and he gives good encouragement, and really helps you get better. So glad to have had him!
4.0 : One of the best classes I had at USC. Unique style, tutorials were awesome.
4.5 : She is a good teacher. She is very get-to-the-point. Her class is also interesting. There is more to families than I thought! Choose this class.
4.0 : This was both one of the easiest and most interesting GEs I have taken. The grade is from a midterm, final, and a short debate paper. Prof. Hook is an entertaining lecturer, she pulls questions straight from the slides(which she posts online), and you don't have to read the textbook. She is also really funny and usually ends class early.
5.0 : Very sweet, clear and accommodating. Allowed us a cheat sheet on exams and more practice problems by our request. Weekly online quizzes require doing the readings but they're interesting and not too long. Her study guide outline is very helpful. Just put in the study time and the material is straightforward. TopHat participation in class required.
5.0 : The midterm and final are both comprised of multiple choice and short answer questions. She provides a study guide with a list of the terms that will be on the test and also gives you the short answer questions beforehand. If you use the book to complete the study guide and study it. You'll get an A easily.
5.0 : Perfect balance of discussion and education, last chunk of class is student led discussion. Do the readings, show up, and pick a final essay topic you're really passionate about because you'll spend a lot of time on it
5.0 : Kind professor and gave clear lecture that were enthusiastic. The course has a lot of room for error and chances to raise your grade. Class was fun and discussion participation was fun too. Easy exams, but a lot of material to memorize and things to know. Only a midterm and a final. Course reading and quizzes are a pain, so don't overlook these.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking corporate entrepreneurship.  The class was a great mix of cases and visits from industry professionals.  Most of the learning was interactive as opposed to constant lecturing.  Definitely important to attend and do the readings as the class runs of participation.  I learned a lot that will be helpful in my future career.
5.0 : All around great teacher.  Easy to get ahold of wtime sensitive matters.
5.0 : Taken SSCI 301 and SSCI 483 with Darren, great professor, always there when you need help. Classes are informative yet easy to work within. Overall great professor.
5.0 : Dr. Avol is really one of the best teachers in the HP department. I would highly recommend taking a class with him. The topics are very interesting and he really wants all his students to do well. Exams can be tough if you don't pay attention to the lectures nor study. He really is a great professor and person overall.
4.5 : Avol is a great professor. 408 is a very easy class with easy midterm and final. Assignments every week but they are very short and easy. Also is definitely passionate about environmental health, which makes the class more interesting.
5.0 : I am not sure if there is anything bad to say about Dr. Avol. He is a great professor! He gives lots of good feedback and really wants you to do well. HP 408 is a decently easy class as long as you show up and some what know what is going on. This was actually my favorite class of the semester! NO TEXTBOOK!
5.0 : Great professor-you will learn amazing things. Hard to get an A. Super easy to get a B. Must do readings, must participate, must go to every class.
5.0 : Absolutely loved Prof. Avol. 10/10 would take or recommend another class taught by him. He really cares for students and wants them to enjoy and do well in his class. I was a freshman when I took this class and as long as you go to class, take notes on his lecture slides, and do the reading you will get an A.
5.0 : Must-take USC class. He's hilariously cynical &amp; blunt, yet helpful. Knows his stuff about the industry. Create broken noses, smoking burns, fantasy, prosthetics, frostbite, corpses, etc. Graded on effort. Don't need any makeup experience to enjoy. Easy midterm, final, portfolio. $150 material fee you can earn back thru Halloween &amp; student film jobs
4.0 : She's a very nice teacher. Just do the readings, participate in class and you should do fine.
5.0 : Perfect Writ 150 Teacher.  Not too hard not too easy.  You'll become a better writer.
5.0 : Dr. Osborne is amazing. She is very passionate about social justice issues and is  very clear about her expectations. Her grading can be a little tough sometimes due to the fact that she has to adhere to the University writing 150 class structure, but she has great lectures and will help you become a better writer. Definitely take her class!
4.5 : I took Issues in Law and Social Justice and Osborne was an amazing professor - it was evident that she really cares about what she was teaching us. She was also incredibly helpful and wanted us to do well on our essays. She's kind of a hard grader but if you talk to her during office hours and get her feedback, you'll see what she's looking for.
3.5 : Tough grader, but /seek her out/ for good feedback. Expects you to attend and participate, but it's not hard. My ability to communicate has improved, not my style. You'll learn college writing. Take notes on the prompts and follow them. Don't start writing the night before, esp. if you're not good at writing papers. Expect a B or lower otherwise.
4.5 : Part of her grading criteria and class structure was created by the writing department and not her since it was Writ 150. She was passionate about the subject (law and social justice theme). She was really clear about what she wanted and extremely helpful. Kinda tough grader, but provides a lot of feedback and it's easy to improve grades on papers.
5.0 : Bradley Rapier is an excellent instructor. We need more professors like him. I took his class Dance 499 special topics class and learned so much. He was one of my favorite professors at USC. He's not your typical professor he rides a skateboard to class :) He really makes sure to give you extra attention when you need help. He's also TALENTED.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had in USC. Take his class if possible!
5.0 : BEST TEACHER IN USC. USE A LOT OF EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN WHAT MARKETING SKILL.
5.0 : Clearly loves the material and works hard to get his students involved too. He holds fun invention sessions. He has a lot of pertinent knowledge from actual experience rather than just research.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Always try to relate marketing concepts with real life examples. Lectures are very easy to comprehend because professor explains everything very well. Professor is very clear in class and is always willing to help students. Professor also will help with resume  interview related matters. Excellent professor who really cares!
5.0 : Best class I've taken at USC! Content is current and relevant.  Gene is very helpful.  This man will help you get a job!  Entertaining commercials and examples in every class.
5.0 : He really knows what he's doing, and keeps the class interesting. He's good at getting students to participate, and usually brings out treats for everyone! There is obviously work that needs to be done, but he guides you along with great feedback. One of my best classes at USC so far, and definitely one of the best professors!
5.0 : Great professor. Very blunt, but it's all to improve your writing. Helps you develop a thick skin as a writer
5.0 : Best writing professor I have ever had. He seems tough on the surface, but he gives the most helpful feedback  and genuinely wants to help all of his students become better writers.
5.0 : Professor Belateche was by far the best professor I had at USC! His lectures were full of specific lessons on how to become a great screenwriter, and his lectures were entertaining. He's also a great guy willing to go way beyond the classroom to help you improve your script. I actually feel bad for students who don't get to take a course with him!
4.0 : Starr is alright. If you pay attention to her lectures, you will do fine.
3.5 : Pamela is a straight savage. She is a tough grader and will tear you to shreds. BS never flys in this class. That being said, I feel like I learned a ton about Risk Analysis and that all transcends into my other IR knowledge. If you're looking for an easy 400 level IR class, take Atkinson or someone else. Papers almost every week. Would take again.
2.0 : She grades very hard and her lectures are long and sometimes incoherent. She uses no visual aides so it's just her talking at the class. She basically wants you to repeat exactly what she said in class on  the test and is pretty harsh in general
3.0 : Super hard grader. Good lecturer, but really intense and will make you work for your grade. also keeps tabs on attendance.
5.0 : Really liked Starr--she is so knowledgeable about US/Mexico relations and I learned so much in the class. It's crucial that you come to class consistently having done the readings, there will be occasional pop quizzes. Great professor
4.5 : stats is stats. good structure.
5.0 : Dr. Gruenewald expects a lot out of her students. Her classes have a lot of work, which is not at all bad, just time consuming. She grades more than fairly so it isn't that bad. Read before going to class because she will call students out to participate. Her quizzes can be challenging at times. Overall great class!
5.0 : Dr. G is one of the best professors in the gerontology dept at USC. She makes you work hard for the grade you earn, but she posts rubrics and her directions are crystal clear- so it's not that bad. She also is good at answering questions over email.  She also is good at making difficult concepts easy to understand. Would recommend her to anyone!
5.0 : "Women in Ancient Lit"Super easy class and easy grader. Midterm and finals are easy as long as you do the reading. I believe most of the class got A's on the exams. The readings are short and an easy read. Some of the readings are online and you have to buy the books for the rest.
5.0 : Professor Garroway is the best! Women in Ancient Lit is a great freshman seminar if you want a minimal effort class that is still interesting. Prof. Garroway is super understanding and nice, and she only assigns very doable readings for homework. Plus, she brought us all Israeli food for a final review session.
5.0 : Griff-show is the greatest. I've never met a professor so brilliantly skilled at making a class about Victorian England both relevant, interesting and challenging at the same time. You're going to learn to read (READ: not skim) in this class, or the pop quizzes will end you. He sets the bar high, so if you're not into that, don't bother.
3.5 : DG is brilliant, seriously brilliant; that being said, us mere mortals often found ourselves confused in class. However, he's always willing to go over concepts again in class and during office hours. I learned SO much from taking his Lit of Memory class. Highly recommend, but get ready to READ.
3.0 : He is passionate and helpful, and I learned a lot because of him. That being said, this was the most difficult introductory English class I have ever taken in terms of reading--at least 100-150 pages per week. He is also extremely disorganized and doesn't put assignments on the syllabus; he prefers to post them online at the last minute.
2.0 : Seems like others had a good time? My class was like a graveyard-no one talked/discussed.  I did not like how it was structured and there were obvious favorites. Pretty much dreaded every single class. Office hours were confusing because he would tell me one thing and then grade my paper another way. Lots of dense reading and pop quizzes.
5.0 : If you are a Lit. major at USC, and you get DG as your professor, you will read. A lot. Not skim. Read. For seemingly pedantic details that will unlock an entirely new way of looking at the material. For a pop quiz you will likely fail at least once. For a paper that requires extensive research. And you will emerge a better person. Do it.
4.5 : I took the "Shocking Knowledge" class with Professor Griffiths to satisfy a GE requirement. We read anywhere from 100-400 pages a week, but I thought it was well worth it. The topics were really interesting and Professor Griffiths is extremely knowledgable and invested in the theme of the class and the readings.
3.5 : Griffiths is one of those professors that pushes students and wants them to succeed and learn the tools needed to write excellent literary papers. I cannot stress how important it is to take this class . Do the readings, show up to class, + write down the concepts/tools he introduces. You will never read literature the same after this class.
4.0 : Griffiths is a really good guy and genuinely cares about teaching his students something that matters, but it is IMPOSSIBLE for anyone to keep up with his reading. However, I thought from my paper and project grades that I was pulling a B or B+ and I ended up getting an A in both 262 and 425. I'm guessing it was because I participated.
5.0 : Prof Owen has a real passion for social justice. Her classes are usually interesting and she brings a lot of outside resources to her classes. She makes all her students stay up to date on the news so they can participate in class discussions. One of the best profs I've had at USC.
5.0 : Prof Owen has a lot of enthusiasm and obvious passion for both teaching and social work. She is enthusiastic, knowledgable, and humorous. Her class is a lot of fun and she does her best to keep her students engaged.
5.0 : I took SOWK 534 and 535 with Professor Owen because she is just that good at teaching. She was always inspiring, relatable, and kept the class content relevant. I even hated to miss class sessions because she is so dynamic. You will love her.
4.0 : I highly  suggest taking Laura Owen! I went into the class thinking I would hate it but she makes the class very interesting.  The class is NEVER dull.  She loves what she does and she is very passionate about social work.
4.5 : Prof Owen is very engaging and makes class fun and interesting. She brings a lot of outside resources and experience to the lecture and encourages students to participate by debating current policies in class. She talks really fast, which is sometimes hard to follow, but she cares about her students and gives good career advice.
5.0 : I would take her again in a heartbeat. She is very funny and keeps the class very interesting. She will really make you consider changing your concentration. She make policy interesting. Loved every minute of her class! Never a Dull Moment!! She explains the assignments well and she gives great feedback. She is a very fair grader..
4.5 : Prof Owen is one of the best teachers at USC. A lot of students want to take her classes, so they fill up quickly. If you want to take her, you've got to register very early.
5.0 : Laura is the greatest professor I have ever had in my education. I take her for 534 and she is not only inspirational, but she cares more then any teacher I have ever met. She will not only take the effort to make sure you understand, but she will provide you with the proper resources if you dont. I will never forget the lessons she has taught me.
5.0 : She is an amazing teacher. Fun, down to earth, interesting and though-provoking! I loved taking her class and hope to have her again.
5.0 : She is nothing short of amazing. Yes, you will have to come to class and do your work, but it will be worth it. I had her for two semesters and that was the best decision I ever made. I enjoyed every class and learned valuable life lessons. She makes policy interesting and fun! Unforgettable (in a good way).
5.0 : Prof Owen is the best professor I've ever had. Every lecture is exciting and interesting. She gives 100% of herself during class time. She's funny and keeps the pace of the class moving. I didn't expect to like policy, but she has a way of making these subjects relevant. Even if policy isn't your thing, you won't be bored with her.
5.0 : This is the Professor that ALL other Professors should model themselves after! I absolutely LOVED taking her class and I wish that I could take her for the during of my courses at USC! She is amazing and that's an understatement. Many of my peers (including myself) were scrambling to try and get her again! She's engaging and keeps you interested.
5.0 : Prof Owen is so freakin awesome, I hope I get a chance to take her again before I graduate. She's really funny  and her energy will keep you awake all semester. She makes policy come alive, even for students like me who didn't think they were interested in policy before her class. I highly recommend taking her for both 534 and 535 if you can.
5.0 : Professor Owen is great! She's really funny and helpful. She has a real desire to help her students succeed in school and in their careers as social workers. Her classes are usually interesting - she presents a lot of videos and outside resources to keep our attention.
5.0 : I took Prof Owen for 534 and 535. She was great in 534, but 535 is even better. She makes you stay up to date on current events and will require students to debate policy issues every week, but it's working toward the final two assignments, so I found it actually very helpful. She's really knowledgable &amp; makes policy interesting. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Owen has a way of bringing the class material to life. She keeps it real and teaches with incredible enthusiasm and passion for policy. She has a tremendous sense of humor which makes for lively classes where students are engaged and come away knowing they have learned and grasped the material. She is truly an asset to the program.
5.0 : Prof Owen is amazing. Even though I wasn't interested in policy, she kept the classes interesting and lively. She is helpful and runs a respectful classroom. It's easy to stay awake, because she's funny and full of energy. I will definitely take her again.
5.0 : Professor Laura Owen is such a great teacher! You will not regret taking her classes. I wish I could have her for every class. She's very energetic and is very passionate about her work.  Her lectures are fun and I liked how she would share her stories and experiences. It really made the time go by fast and were always very interesting.
5.0 : You will not regret this. If you hate policy with a passion, you will still love her. Be prepared to be very excited for class to start
5.0 : I agree with the previous reviews. Professor Owen is outstanding. She's relatable and down-to-earth. Her lectures make policy easy to understand, even if policy isn't your thing. Sometimes she'll randomly give out free books in class to the first student who answers her question correctly. I highly recommend her.
5.0 : AMAZING! Prof Owen is so passionate and dynamic. I wasn't even into policy until I took her class. Now I'm reconsidering my concentration. She really connects the dots between social work micro and macro practice and helps her students to understand why all this stuff matters. Even if you aren't very interested in policy, she'll change your mind.
5.0 : Prof Owen was the one bright spot in a difficult semester. She made me think &amp; forced me to pay attention to the decisions being made in the world around me. I am smarter &amp; more engaged because of her. I am also much more confident in my own opinions after taking her class. She will force you to think &amp; look at an issue from all sides.
5.0 : Professor Owen is such an inspiring and thoughtful person. She helped broaden my mind, and increased my awareness of the big picture..
5.0 : Prof Owen is the BEST professor I have ever had! She will captivate your attention with her humor and enthusiasm. Her passion for social work and public policy is infectious. She is passionate about teaching policies to students and her lectures are really funny. Now that I'm no longer in her class, everything else is kind of a let down.
5.0 : I took prof owen for both 534 and 535. After having two semesters with her, I changed my  concentration to COPA (policy). She's very inspiring!
5.0 : Laura Owen was the best professor I have had at USC thus far.  She is passionate about policies and current events.  All of her lectures are based on current events and useful.  She uses multi media to create discussion. She was truly inspirational.
5.0 : Couldn't have asked for a better teacher for my first semester of classes at USC. Definitely passionate about her work and it exudes through her teaching. The topics are clear to understand because she provides real life examples. If you stay on top of your work, you will be fine! I have a new found love for policy because of her! :)
5.0 : Take any and all classes you can with Professor Owen! You will not regret it! She is relatable and engaging and makes class fun and interactive. Students are free to share their opinions and she has a way of bringing in outside information to relate to the week's asynchronous topics.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor!
5.0 : OMG, so so funny! You actually learn and WILL laugh in the meantime. She makes time for you outside of class. Hard to get 100%, but if you take risks on your papers, book a content tutor and a writing coach to double check your work, then you can get that 100 on your paper! Class is interesting, but because of her, it kicks total booty!
5.0 : Professor Khanna is amazing - she has this magical way of getting everyone in the room to think about the books at really high levels.  She rarely lectures, and instead guides fantastic class discussions every day.  Very helpful in office hours.  Lots of reading, but absolutely worth it.  A can't-miss teacher!
5.0 : Professor Khanna is one of those hip and extremely intelligent young professors. She truly cares about the issues she teaches + her student's understanding of them. You will learn so much from this beautiful and brilliant woman! I urge everyone to take her classes if you're looking to grow intellectually. She is not a particularly difficult grader.
5.0 : Neetu is one of the best profs I've had at USC. She's different because she set up this class with the intent of having each individual student leave the semester seeing the world in a new way with regards to power structures and politics. In shaping the class to meet this goal for everyone, she ends up with these fantastic discussions.
5.0 : Khanna is an amazing professor. She allows her students to think for themselves and guides engaging and productive discussions. Highly recommend taking a course with her!
4.0 : Khanna is a great Prof in that shes knowledgeable and leads interesting discussions on the books. However, she is pretty unreliablecancelled class multiple times last minute, really difficult to get a hold of over email. Shes a fair grader. If you dont read, you wont do well, but the reading is *very* manageable (60 pages a week max). Not bad.
5.0 : She teaches the class with a "team-based learning" strategy. You get close with your team and work with them the entire semester. She is incredibly sweet and cares about what you have to think, and is there for her students.
5.0 : Such a great professor! I loved the application activities and the discussions we would have in class. This class teaches you what OT is all about. The tests are very easy and based on the readings
5.0 : Tessa is amazing and the class is super engaging and interactive. Lifespan Development (OT251) is a super interesting course that is great for any major. You decide the percentages for group vs. individual (our class did 25% individual and 75% group and pretty much everyone got an A). But besides being an easy A, it's just really fun.
5.0 : This is my favorite class so far. Tessa really loves her students and this subject. it is not a normal lecture, you take quizzes every other week (which are easy, just read) and then you use real life examples to learn the content. I have learned so much and I actually pay attention. She also makes coffee for her students every class.
5.0 : Take her class! I had no interest in statistics before, but she explained everything so well. If you pay attention to the class, you will easily get good score. There is one group research paper throughout the whole semester, and exams are not very difficult. Also, she's always willing to help her students.:)
5.0 : Dr.  Kristie was an amazing professor that was extremely knowledgable and very open minded.
5.0 : Dr. Holmes is an asset to USC. Fair grader and really cares about her students.  She challenges you to be all that you can be. Complete assignments/readings you will do well in her class. Class participation important.
5.0 : I have taken classes with professor Holmes two semesters in a row because she is great. She is very engaging and she  genuinely cares about whether or not her students succeed. Follow her feedback on your graded papers and I guarantee you will do great in the class.
5.0 : Kristine enhanced my knowledge and ability to interpret and assess issues in a new and helpful way. Her ability is obvious and her spirit is contagious.
5.0 : Kristie creates a great learning environment by facilitating interesting classroom discussions. She is very approachable and extremely knowledgeable on the subject. Plus, she's interesting and funny. I highly recommend her class!
3.5 : Professor presented the Global Policy material in an interesting and thought provoking manner. Increased my knowledge and desire to be more globally minded as a citizen and social worker.
5.0 : great class!
5.0 : Prof Holmes was knowledgable and engaged many class discussion on difficult topics.
5.0 : Kristie is the best! The work was challenging and engaging, but not TOO difficult and overwhelming. She encouraged critical thinking &amp; wanted us to share our thoughts. She made sure lectures and topics were relevant to our lives.  She was a very fair &amp; understanding teacher &amp; a cool person we would all hang out after class to  talk to her.
4.5 : Very smart and interesting woman. Hard class but she offers a lot of support
4.5 : I really enjoyed her class. Even though it was the last class of the day, Kristie did a great job at making the content interesting and engaging. She provided clear instructions for each assignment and if you follow them you will get a fair grade.
4.0 : Dr. Kristie can go through the topics quickly, BUT if you miss anything she's really approachable/helpful. This class is WRITING INTENSIVE; each paper builds on the last one. There is always time in class to work on the paper, but I found it hard to focus and never got much done. She is also very social media savvy and presentations are good.
2.0 : Can come off a bit arrogant, rude or condescending; claims she is hard on students in order to make sure we are producing grad level work. Sticks to the books for the most part. Class discussion and participation are big to her as is your APA formatting. A lot of her insight is based on her own experience, little real-world application.
4.0 : Very sweet and willing to talk after class. Responds to emails. Powerpoints were sometimes confusing. Doing well on exams requires detailed note taking and a solid study guide. TAs grade exams tough, looking for key words. Takes attendance for every class. 2 midterms, 1 group project, 1 lab report, cumulative final multiple choice &amp; short answer.
5.0 : Incredibly interesting &amp; relevant class regarding consumer behavior. There were few classes that I wish I skipped. She's caring and genuinely seems to have her student's interests at heart. There's a fun group project that's applicable to the class at the end. Be prepared to learn, some material is technical &amp; requires lots of studying for tests.
5.0 : I have been in two of Professor Ross' classes - Practice with Individuals and Practice with Groups. She is one of the best professors I have had the privilege to meet due to her passion for social work and teaching, her desire to help students and her availability after class to answer questions. Very easy on the eyes, too ;)
4.0 : Ross keeps a light class environment &amp; tries to have students actively share/discuss. This class was very quiet though, might have been the time. There are four quizzes through out semester. Need to read because the quiz is based off the readings. Talks a lot about her kids. Makes some inappropriate comments and apologizes later. Would take again.
5.0 : Fun, interesting, understanding. She created a respectful environment where the class could feel free to share openly and honestly. Encouraged discussion and participation. Easy grader.
5.0 : Professor Ross is a good, friendly individual however, if you are a serious student with plenty of knowledge she will harshly critique your work. She put on a front! I do recommend her just beware of letting on that you are more versed than she is -.-
5.0 : just a good teacher
4.0 : He really helped me out in understanding 3D animation and modeling.  I used several of his techniques that he taught me to great effect on an advanced game project, and will continue to use these techniques throughout my career
5.0 : Good guy and good professor. He brings a lot of outside topics to class to help keep the lesson relevant.
5.0 : Professor Bucholtz is an amazing professor. He always gave great feedback and was very knowledgable about social policy. I would definitely take his class again. I found him to be very helpful. He is one of those rare professors that you do not come across very often. Loved his class!
5.0 : He's passionate about policy and open for discussion. very helpful and respected.
5.0 : Professor Bucholtz is a great listener, I enjoyed that he lets students take the opportunity to express their opinions. He is very clear with the assignments and if you do some reading and listening, there is no way that you cannot get an A. I would definitely take him again!
5.0 : Professor Bucholtz is an outstanding  professor.  He is passionate about social work. I really learned a lot and really enjoyed his class.  He is very knowledgeable about social policy.  I enjoyed the topics he presented in class. He gives good feedback and suggestions for papers. If you do the reading you will get a lot out of his classes.
5.0 : John is AMAZING! Incredibly encouraging and knowledgeable. I really appreciate the way he turns lectures into a dialogue and remind his students about  why we are in this field in the first place. His passion is contagious and I am glad I took his course as one of my first courses with USC! Would take him over and over...
5.0 : John is incredible. He is understanding and thoughtful. He pushes and challenges students to think outside the box, at the same time encouraging them.
4.0 : Professor Bucholtz is awesome. He is very caring about his students and wants everyone to do well. His lectures are very interesting. He encourages discussion and shares material that is relevant to current events, policy etc.
5.0 : He is an excellent teacher. He leads amazing class discussions, and he challenged me to think about issues and policies in new ways. If you have the chance, take his class!
5.0 : Great professor. Does not use powerpoints and lectures can be dry, but participation makes it worthwhile. He enjoys this class and subject matter. VERY available for questions, clarifications, meetings, etc. 3 papers determine grade, all of which are easy if you do your research/ask for help.
5.0 : Class is over when the students are done discussing the material.  He is very available, answering his cell phone or texts any time, day or night.  He is very knowledgeable about the subject matter and has a lot of experience lobbying for social justice issues.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors. Great choice for WRIT140. VERY helpful and knowledgeable person who also has a great sense of humor. Loved being in his class and learned a lot. Highly recommended.
4.0 : Truly cares about his students. Probably one of the most caring professors I've ever met. An amazing professor who encourages creativity and thought-provoking discussions. Can be a little disorganized in lectures. Not too difficult as a grader compared to other WRIT professors. Just don't do your essay the night before it's due.
4.0 : Professor Moran is very nice but he prides himself in being a tough grader. He is willing to answer any questions you might have. He leads the class into discussions which is great but it makes it difficult to get through all of the class material.
5.0 : Great art professor. Very organized and knowledgeable. She gives honest and helpful critiques. She's not the easiest grader but working hard in the class will help you through. Strongly recommend any art students to take her class.
5.0 : Prof. Atkins cares about people, and that is palpable, even in an online setting. His years of experience as a social worker inform his lecture, in the best way. He is super busy, but always makes time to meet with his students outside of class time, if needed.
5.0 : I have had Prof Atkins last two semesters. He is an amazing professor and cares about his students. He truly has a passion for social work and treatment. He brings lots of real life examples into class. Amazing professor. Definitely take him!!
5.0 : Very good teacher...
5.0 : Excellent professor. Get ready to learn attachment theory.
5.0 : Professor Atkins is fabulous! I've taken him twice and wish he was available for future courses. He is extremely knowledgable, easy to follow, and interesting person. He has a ton of experience to share, and i'm never bored in his class. He takes the time to go over assignments and always responds quickly to e-mail. He's very understanding. A+
4.0 : Professor Atkins is a great professor and social worker, he truly cares about his clients and students. He can be a little hard to follow at time, and can get distracted and go down rabbit trails, but the coursework is easy, and he provides plenty of vignettes and real life examples to relate the material to and give it more depth.
5.0 : You won't find a better Professor to take for Human Behavior. Professor Atkins knows his material, teaches from experience, and works with you A LOT! He will meet with you outside of class and as long as you try your best, will schedule alternative ways to resubmit your assignments. He does not baby you, but is caring and wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Professor Atkins is a great teacher who utilizes real-life events and his experience to make his class more meaningful and interesting. His discussions are thorough and relate to the readings/async, as well as other events and experiences. You will not be bored in his class. Great teacher, and I will definitely take him again.
3.5 : Great attitude, and professional.
5.0 : Professor Atkins is a great professor. He will teach you a lot on how to understand clients and how to apply theories to the clients you will be working with. He truly cares for his students and keeps the class entertaining. Some topics can be very boring but he has a way of keeping you interested.
5.0 : I really enjoyed his teaching style. He's knowledgable, clear, and organized. He shares his experiences that are related to the material which makes the class a fun and interesting learning experience. Honestly, I looked forward to his lectures. It was a great semester with Professor Atkins.
5.0 : He grades heavily by the guidelines of the assignment. As long as you follow the guidelines, answer everything that is being asked, add the correct amount of citations you will get a good grade on your paper (as long as it makes sense and flows) Very nice. I had to miss class a few times, just keep that contact with your professor.
5.0 : What an amazing professor! She's probably the chillest person at USC. Hands down. Her class was always engaging, grading was fair, and she is very available via email and office hours. Rarely used the book, but you'll need it for some terms. I got an A in the class and barely read. But Inna is the absolute BEST!!!
5.0 : Inna was probably my favorite professor at USC. She is so talented when it comes to putting together interesting lectures with great examples of pop culture like The Daily Show, and many others. Such a great personality. She is also a very fair grader and will go as far as giving feedback before you turn in assignments. She is the best!
5.0 : Along with  "inspirational," "there for you," "clear grading criteria," "get ready to read," &amp; "gives good feedback." Lead this course with great enthusiasm, stimulating great discussions. Readings can be difficult, but gave clear analyses. Relatable, charismatic and awesome human being. Would take another class with her in a heart beat.
3.0 : One midterm worth 35%, final is 50% of your grade. 10% is participation and 5% is a 2000 word research paper. Very easy class, you can literally bomb the paper and still get an A. Tell's you the exact questions of the exams beforehand, super easy to study for.
5.0 : Best professor by far that I have had at USC. He wants you to do well in his class and in your career and is more than helpful in doing so. Very smart and willing to help in any way. Also, he is straightforward in what he expects on the four MC test. If he's teaching 306, take it!
5.0 : Only rating I've ever written - professor is great. Class is very helpful, and most importantly practical. Explains everything well, tests are easy and he tells you exactly what to know, no surprises. Project is reasonable, useful, and he helps you if you ask.
5.0 : Professor Bristow is extremely knowledgeable in finance. Besides the regular lectures, he also goes over the WSJ at the beginning of every lecture. He teaches the implication of different news and what different data means. His class will benefit you for life!  Attendance is not mandatory but he gives you a grade boost if you go to class often.
5.0 : Very helpful and professional! You`d learn A LOT in his classes!
3.5 : Dr. Bristow is both formal and easygoing. He is the best MBA professor out there. He sometimes rushes through material, but always tells us what will be on the test. Take his classes
2.0 : did not enjoy this class. final is 50% of your grade and he makes you write a very long essay for just 5%.... must bring the WSJ to class every day, was honestly very boring. not hard to get an A, but not even worth the class
5.0 : Entrepreneurial Finance:    Take this class! Great guide to venture capital and growing a startup. Lectures are entertaining and useful. I personally went above and beyond for the class but if you just want the grade, he is very transparent about what will be on the test. MT and Final: ALL MC, no calculations.   Great semester project too
5.0 : Must take class and professor! Pay attention in class, easy A!
4.5 : Pretty interesting class. The professor is very knowledgeable and makes the material easy with the examples and experiences.
5.0 : Generally, a pretty good professor. He always helps me with my problem. Very beneficial!
4.5 : He is a great professor. His teaching methods are really good. He always tries to give real life examples to make the concepts clear.
5.0 : Great professor. Highly recommend
5.0 : He was my favorite prof at USC. Amazing teacher who made me enjoy the class I dreaded most.
3.0 : Although he was a great professor and seemed to really care, I believe there was a grading bias.
4.5 : He was one of the, if not the, best teacher I've had at USC. Makes you turn in a rough draft each assignment to keep you on track, which was good for me because I'm a procrastinator. Gives great feedback on the drafts, as well as at conferences, and constantly helps with ideas and revisions over email. Overall fantastic teacher and class.
1.0 : While he seems to care about his students, his grading criteria is extremely unclear.
4.5 : One of the best teachers I've ever had. Great critiques! Creates a wonderful classroom environment. I do Not enjoy writing, but if you have to take a writing class, take it with him.
5.0 : Dr. M is the BEST professor I had in my four years at USC. He is so kind and cares about every single one of his students. He makes everyone feel smart and worthy and respected. He cares so much about everyone - not only your writing but your ideas, goals, and life. The class is very individualized - no boring prompts! Workload is very reasonable.
5.0 : WRIT 150 is difficult no matter who you take it with. However, Jessica makes it fun, interesting, and less intimidating. She's so helpful and always makes time to meet outside of class. Her approach is nicely catered to freshmen because she's caring but also expects a lot from you. Highly recommend!
4.0 : Professor Cantiello's GESM called "Tell Me A Story" was my favorite class last semester. She kept the class light and fun with witty questions of the day, yet also encouraged us to have deep, analytical discussions about the readings. There's a lot of reading for this class and it's mandatory, so if you don't like reading, don't take this class.
5.0 : Professor Cantiello's GESM called "Tell Me A Story" was my favorite class last semester. She kept the class light and fun with witty questions of the day, yet also encouraged us to have deep, analytical discussions about the readings. There's a lot of reading for this class and it's mandatory, so you have to enjoy reading.
4.0 : I took the Education and Intellectual Development WRIT 150 course with Jessica. Personality wise, I think she's a great professor - super supportive and easy to talk to. However, if you're looking for an easy A, don't take her class. She really makes you work for it, but in my case, no matter what I did, I got the same grade on all my papers.
3.0 : Jessica is friendly but her prompts are so dull. In comparison to other 340 classes she assigns a lot more ancillary work that really distracts from you working on the main assignments. Her comments are also very broad and not helpful. No matter how hard or how little I worked on an assignment in this class I was going to get a B on it.
4.0 : Although it is hard to get an A in this course, she is very helpful. Her class is very laid back and she likes to pop jokes. Writ 150 is made up of four papers and she does a very good job at helping you manage your time, making certain parts of the paper due throughout the whole semester. This can be annoying at times but it really helps!
5.0 : Jessica was one of my favorite professors in a class that I hated. Writ 140 was miserable and required a ton of work to get through by Jessica was extremely helpful in guiding me through. She's extremely approachable. Of course we all started with C's with our first assignments but I eventually was able to get an A- in the class thanks to her help.
5.0 : She's great. I hate writing, especially academic writing, but I had an okay time in her class. Jessica is very helpful and understanding and she genuinely wants her students to succeed. She's always willing to give feedback and meet outside of class. She does make you work for your grade, but I've got to admit that my writing has improved lots.
5.0 : Dr Cantiello makes WRIT 150 bearable and she's the absolute best. I highly reccommend her! She always goes out of her way to help you. I look forward to her classes as she makes them super fun and interesting. My favorite part was the question of the day! Again, she's the best so take her class if you're lucky enough to find a spot!!!
5.0 : she's an awesome teacher and she's so sweet and makes what would have been a boring topic (education) for me exciting and new. she's enthusiastic, loves to joke around, and just an all around sweet professor. she's always accessible outside of class and is super nice and has great feedback for you. writing 150 sucks but she's awesome :)
5.0 : Hands down one of the best teachers I have ever had. Her class is the only one I look forward to every week. Every WRIT 150 class is graded in the same, demanding way w/ same rubric, so there'll be very little variation in difficulty from one class to another. However, her care and quality is unparalleled. Makes you comfortable and excited to learn
5.0 : Professor Cantiello is hands down, the most influential writing teacher I have ever had. She makes WRIT150, in all its difficulty, bearable. She makes herself extremely accessible and truly cares for the improvement of her students. I would highly recommend anyone take her courses, she's amazing.
5.0 : Taking this class currently, and Mike is a great professor. Makes lectures interesting and engaging. After feedback from students following the first exam, he cut our required readings in half because it was too much. I definitely recommend taking a class with him.
5.0 : As a student of journalism , Mike is the very first teacher for my major class. To be honest he is really couraging and caring. His reflection paper encourages you to innovate and be creative. 3 reflection papers, one final project, 1 midterm and 1 final (both are open-note and you could use laptop). The TAs grade everything chill. Take it
4.5 : super nice and dedicated professor. genuinely cares about the subject and has a lot of passion. tries to make the class and interesting and upbeat as he can. there is a lot of reading and it can be dry, but most of it is fairly interesting.
5.0 : Professor Annany is super nice, and he tries his hardest to make the class easy and enjoyable. You don't need to purchase any textbooks (all readings come from online articles). The readings can be dense but engaging at times. If you are a Comm major, I would HIGHLY recommend taking a class with him!
5.0 : Class is easy but a lot of reading, and pop quizzes so you have to read. Mike is kind of boring, even for a journalism major, but the material independent of him is interesting. A couple papers, midterm, final. For a class that journalism majors have to take, not that hard. TA graded really easy though which was good.
4.5 : The comments below said it all. Professor Annany is a fantastic teacher, and he is very sensitive to students' needs. Sometimes, the readings can be heavy, but they are very engaging. Also, the exams are open notes, so if you have read the articles, the exams shouldn't be too hard. Overall, a doable A and I have never regretted taking the class.
5.0 : Mike is an amazing professor who is very passionate about the subject material. The class is very easy, and the midterm and final are open note/laptop. There are pop quizzes here and there but he always hints at when those will be. He also invites amazing guest speakers, and his own lectures are always interesting and engaging. TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Alice is a great resource (i.e. encourages divergent research). Whenever you pitch a thesis idea to her, she is enthusiastic. Alice expanded my horizon on pathos, so that I could write better page-turners. She motivates her class by letting them choose subtopics for each paper (take advantage of this!) Very generous with affirmation.
5.0 : Very caring teacher! Love him!
5.0 : Best Professor at USC
1.0 : He is EXTREMELY annoying when he talks and his tone of voice is horrendous. There is a "field trip" but he does not help to organize with rides. He said the midterm would be concept based and he told us not to memorize but it was ALL based on memory and terms. Pretty unclear with his assignments but easy grader. Text book is $200+ but didn't use it
3.5 : Professor Dreyer is okay. He talks alot about himself and makes sure that you know how important he is. He does know a lot about advertising but gets really sassy with students. I like the class but I'm not a huge fan of him as a person. You don't use the textbook. Ever.
5.0 : Dreyer is a great instructor and it is clear that he is very knowledgable about Advertising. His lectures feel long at times, but he makes a genuine effort to make them interesting and applicable to real world situations. Only used the textbook to study for the midterm, which is surprisingly challenging (so study!). All in all, really fun class.
5.0 : Bob is an amazing professor, I loved his intro to acting class. It was the only class I enjoyed freshman year, one of the only reasons I wouldn't have changed my major from theatre.
5.0 : Bob is an amazing professor and really knows what he's talking about. As a student who transferred out of SDA because I realized it's not what I wanted to do anymore, Bob was one of the only reasons I would've stayed.
5.0 : Bob is an amazing professor and I have learned more from him in one month than I had in 18 years. He's so supportive and genuinely wants you to succeed. Offers the best constructive criticism
1.0 : absolutely horrible. grades way too hard. she is always late and unorganized. seems nice to is actually very mean. don't take this class if u want a good grade and good experience.
5.0 : Pate is wonderful. She is a hard grader but all 140 classes are hard. She's very helpful and nice; she does tons of extra office hours and always responds fast on email. You can tell she wants you to do well. Plus, she's funny and has a very good teaching style - my writing definitely improved. Everyone in my class loved her.
5.0 : Leah is really sweet and very helpful which you are definitely gonna need in this class. Because she grades everything on her own in this class the more feedback you get from her the better you know where your grade is headed. She is the key to a good grade. That being said, the writing program for this class is VERY labor intensive, good luck
4.5 : Dr. Pate cares more than any professor I've had @USC. She will make you a better writer, but you won't get a good grade unless the class absolutely takes precedent over all of your other classes, and outside activities, and sleeping. expects original research (!!!) for EVERY PAPER. Very available and helpful, incredibly demanding
5.0 : One of the best teachers you will have. Tough grader but your writing improves dramatically so in the long run you will have a better GPA. She makes herself available 24/7 and honestly cares about her students. WRIT 150 sucks but since you have to take it, you should take it with her.
5.0 : Professor Pate was one of the best professors I've ever had. Hands-down. I learned so much from her and she was so brilliant.   Super hot .  Not only did she bring us cookies, he taught us how to live and how to think.  Take this class, you won't regret it.
1.0 : The professor grades papers heavily and offers little to no support to students. The professor is also hard to contact outside of class. Seems nice but is really not. I think no one in her class ever gets anything higher than a B-.
5.0 : Nice professor, made herself available even on Saturday to FaceTime when I needed extra help. Quick on email too. I had to work hard but got an A-. The professor made fun activities and really cares about her students.
4.0 : Leah is really sweet but will definitely make you work for a good grade. I have never gotten grades as low as I have in this class &amp; at first it felt subjective but by the end I realized my writing improved a lot. She offers a ton of extra office hours and really wants you to succeed so  definitely try to utilize her feedback as much as possible.
5.0 : Dr. Pate was an amazing professor that showed she really cared about her students. She got essays back to us extremely quickly and her feedback was always invaluable to the next paper, while being encouraging and motivating at the same time. She offered genuine and meaningful advice both in writing and in life. Would take again
5.0 : Dr. Pate is SO cool. The class is really hard and she's tough with grades, but my writing really improved. No one wants to take 150, but she does interesting lesson plans and is really funny, though she gets off-topic sometimes. I found her extremely helpful, warm, and kind. She really cares about students, but no doubt, she is super hard.
5.0 : Great teacher who is always available outside of class for help. I learned a lot.
5.0 : SHE IS GREAT PERIOD
5.0 : She is SO hard. You can't BS your way through class - she gives lots of hard homework and grades brutally. But she's amazing - I grew more as a thinker/writer than I thought possible. She's so helpful, smart, kind and funny; everyone always came to class cause we did interesting stuff. Truly cares about students and has AMAZING handouts. Loved her!
4.0 : This guy is the man, super thorough and doesn't give a final. Helpful and extremely knowledgable in the finance field.
4.0 : Lots of readings and essays. Teacher was very boring. stay away from this class! She's really abstract. Attendance is not mandatory though. You can learn/read everything from just reading the book. Teacher is really caring about her students. Sweet lady but strict grader.
5.0 : attendance is not mandatory! Just do the readings so that you can write the paper and you will be fine. Lots of reading and discussion. Class size is small so everyone reads your work and opens up for discussion. Really nice and open to questions but strict grader.
2.0 : don't take this class! such a strict grader!!): lots of work load and readings but if you do them you don't need to attend class. Her lectures are often very spacey and vague and there's no structure to the class. She honestly tries to help you as much as she can but isn't very clear/rambles on...she made class and poetry really interesting though!
4.5 : She is a great professor for English 499- Poetry. We had 3 short papers and did field trips to the library. She is a pretty easy grader and the books were super short visual poetry. Defiantly would recommend this class and professor, she is so nice!
5.0 : This class is great! Taking Yoga really helped me get through this semester. She makes sure you get the most out of the class.
5.0 : Yoga B was my favorite yoga class to date.  Isabelle is incredibly responsive to her students, and helps each one develop further as a practitioner within their own abilities.  The history of yoga aspect helps you learn the background to poses and vinyasas.  The midterm and practical final are both easy, but the written final is brutal.
5.0 : She's the best yoga professor ever! You really learn about the origins of yoga and how to have the proper form when practicing. She's very sweet and honestly makes the class a joy to attend. 10/10 would recommend!
5.0 : Class was a great continuation of Yoga 120A
4.5 : He's a good guy and knowledgeable.  Just attend, pay attention to his slides, take notes, do the work, and get a decent grade.  He's also very helpful outside class.  Sometimes a bit too driven (takes all of the class time) but I guess he likes stats.
5.0 : Teaches with lots of clarity, cares about his students. Attend his class (actually listen because he takes alot of his exam questions from lectures) and you should do well
5.0 : Kam is such a great professor. He made stats very understandable and fun! I had never taken stats before and did very poorly on the first midterm but with his help I was able to raise my grade substantially!! He makes himself very available for students and is overall a great guy.
5.0 : Kam is a kind and genuine individual. He truly cares about his students and teaches you what you NEED to know. Def recommend him.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had. He comes prepared to every class with extremely detailed PowerPoint presentations. He genuinely cares about his students and takes the time to learn each of their names. He explains the concept with extreme clarity. Could not have asked for a better professor.
5.0 : Take him he's boss
4.0 : One of the better stats professors but definitely not as easy as the ratings put it.  Definitely not hard though.  Just do all the homework and attend lectures and study for tests.  Then you should be fine.
5.0 : Teaches you exactly what's gonna be on the tests. Fairly easy homework. Does not take attendance but I would not recommend missing class.
4.0 : Show up to class because if he notices you are not their he will dock you some participation points. Other than that, very straightforward with his tests. All of the questions come from the MyStatLab homework or the in class problems. Very nice, caring professor. Stats was not an easy course but I got a good grade in Kam's class.
5.0 : Kam is great!  His powerpoints are clear and provides helpful study guides and notes!!  I would definitely recommend!
5.0 : Pros - Clear, helpful, gives you practice exams, nice guy, first test is easy                            Cons - practice exams are pretty different than real exams, keeps you to the last minute of EVERY class, covers ALOT of material.
4.5 : Kam really cares that you learn the material and why something is a certain way instead of just what it is. He is always open for office hours and is always willing to help. The material is super dry and sometimes just horrible but his tests are pretty straight forward and you always get cheat sheets.
4.5 : He is a really nice teacher and it's not hard to do well in the class. Attendance is not mandatory, but he knows everyone's name, so he will know if you aren't there which could impact how well you do for participation. I thought I was going to get a B or B+, but I got a A- so his grading is very generous. Take him if you have the chance.
4.5 : The nicest guy. Really cares about his students and his class is easy if you do your work.
5.0 : Great teacher
5.0 : Kam is amazing!!!!! He knows all of his students like the back of his hands, his practice tests are JUST like the actual tests. He has killer power points and definitely takes the time to know and care for his students. I loved him! he was so funny and he still says hi to me on campus! THIS IS A MUST TAKE! You don't need the textbook!
5.0 : Nothing short of super helpful. A genius. A REALLY attractive. A++
5.0 : He's awesome and super cool. Very helpful to everyone. Hope you get him :)
4.0 : Discussion with Kam was a fun class, but make sure you get a good group at the beginning of the course.  Application exercises are like easy group tests that make up a large percentage of your grade.
5.0 : For those of you who don't know, they restructured 310 and now you have a weekly application session. YOU MUST GET KAM!!! He is literally the only reason I survived stats and will help your group out when you have questions. Everyone complains about the other two application profs, but no one complains about Kam. Plus he brings candy!
4.0 : Really easy GE. I was very skeptical at first but it actually was a fairly interesting class. There was a good amount of reading but there were never any quizzes. There were a few projects and one essay, and that was about it. A nice and approachable professor that is ready to listen.
5.0 : Prof. Khafipour is a one of the best professors I've taken at USC. His daily powerpoint lectures reinforced the readings for that day. The readings are not necessary for doing well but are interesting and useful if you are actually trying to learn. There were just 4 short reading response papers and 2 essays. Assignments are returned within a week
5.0 : Great professor! He is very passionate about Iran and he is smart, funny, handsome etc. Always wearing a suit - so classy! Lectures are really interesting and he has a good sense of humor too. He keeps lectures short and concrete, which is great. One of my favorite professors.
2.5 : assigns books, never talked about and not necessary for assignments. He gives EC assignments that take 1 hour that can boost grade by 5%. Material given in class lectures is never tested. You turn in work every 2-3 weeks (short assignments), the research paper at the end of the semester is the hardest part. Very easy class!
4.5 : Lots of reading, but otherwise the class is not that hard. It is sometimes hard to understand when the professor says Persian names because he uses the proper pronunciation.
5.0 : Absolutely one of my fav classes at USC! Fair amount of reading for a literature class. Professor had a good sense of humor. He is understanding, charming and has a passion about what he teaches. The material is fascinating, totally changed my view of Persian literature. Don't feel intimidated by lengthy course title, it's a great class! Recommend!
1.0 : Midterm paper was 8-12 pages (single spaced), Final paper was 14-18 pages (single spaced). Gives little structure as to what he expects from the papers beforehand. Hated having to print outlines for the whole class every week. Costs 6 bucks a week. Worst part is that he picks groups that you're stuck with for the year. Group work  40% of grade! :/
5.0 : I wasn't sure I would find this class interesting, but Prof. Khafipour is a great teacher who makes everything relevant and interesting! The readings are really interesting and class discussions were great. Prof. Khafipour is incredibly smart and passionate, and this class made me think about a lot of things from a new perspective. Best class!
4.0 : Professor Khafipour is hands down one of the best professors . I have had at USC. He is very kind, easy going and helpful. He his very supportive and makes a special effort to help his students. He is a very fair grader and will work hard to help you succeed. I highly recommend his classes
5.0 : Professor Khafipour is one of my favorite at USC. The reading materials are actually super interesting, and most of them are easy to follow. There is no reading quiz at all. He is also a very nice grader and focus on your ideas instead of being very picky about grammar and style.
5.0 : Great professor. Honestly one of my favorite of all time, he was very inspirational and funny. He is a fair grader, and did not ask for many papers. There were a large amount of readings, that, if you don't do, hold you back a little.
4.0 : Professor Khafipour is very kind and really cares about his students and the subject matter. You have to show up to class for him to believe you are putting in effort, and participate in class. He only cares that you are trying. He gives out only 2 papers, but they are pretty long. However, he grades very easily.
5.0 : Professor Nick was really good! LOTS OF READING so be prepared! If you sit in the front and are engaging in discussion you'll do fine on midterm and final which are just a bunch of in class essays. There are also essay projects which help boost your grade and easy reading quizes IF YOU READ! As long as you go to lecture, you'll be fine!
5.0 : TRULY AMAZING PROF!! Truly cares and listens to students' opinions and thoughts. Makes class interesting with a boring topic. Not easy, but as long as you put time &amp; effort, anyone can do it! He offers help when you need them. He's also really good looking. Promise you, he's awesome!
4.5 : Excellent professor that is very passionate about his subject. The readings can be quite dense and tricky, but he is very flexible and willing to make sure his students get the material. Go to class, do the readings, and engage in lecture and you should be fine!
5.0 : he was amazing. I fell in love with anthropology. he is the best professor! you will fall in love with him in every way. Just go to class, it's so worth it! Class is not hard, takes minimal effort. Truly a class you will be so glad you took at the end of the semester. I learned so much! He is such an engaging professor.
4.5 : Great professor! The course material is pretty bland on its own, but he makes it seem interesting. The class is easy as long as you do the readings and come to class. Also, doesn't hurt that he's attractive!
4.0 : Professor Bartlett is super passionate about the subject he teaches. Although the subject itself can get boring at times, he does his best to make it fascinating to students. Not a whole lot of workload, but you do have to put effort into the class if you want a good grade. His office hours definitely helps as well! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Professor Shindler is one of the best professors at USC. He is always responsive and he holds extensive office hours if you need help. CSCI 499 was an amazing class, even if it was just created for the semester in which it was run. It was well-organized, interesting, and the lectures were great.
4.0 : I enjoyed lecture and discussion, but it was extremely hard to know how and what to focus on for exams since there is such a wide breadth of material. This was especially hard for the final since we did not have any guidance or focus on what to study. I felt like I got a 30% on the final but ended up with an A in the class. Lol?
5.0 : Favorite professor at USC so far. He's willing to help you as much as you need. His jokes made lectures entertaining but he also explains the material well. Wish I could have him for more classes.
5.0 : Great professor, really inspired me to want to know more about computer science. I believe the homework questions were just about the right amount of difficulty, and overall the class really teaches you how to problem solve.
5.0 : Shindler tells dad jokes and lectures are fun. He goes slow and if anyone still has questions he won't move on to the next topic until everyone is clear, just depends on whether or not students are asking questions. He'll make you feel good about asking questions. He is SO nice, helpful, and approachable. I hope to take another class with him!
4.5 : Michael is a great teacher. He tries to keep students engaged the best he can, explains things clearly, and even gives out note sheet handouts. The exams are very difficult, but that's fine due to the immense curve. Homeworks can be used as grade boosters. Overall great class!
5.0 : He is the man.
5.0 : Lecture: Very clear, always invites you to ask questions, gives good handout Grading: Everything is very well thought out and considered Homework: homework is helpful, appropriate difficulty Exams: Very fair, what you will expect Person: Shindler is a guy that CARES, really if you go to his office hours you can tell.  TAKE HIM! :D
5.0 : Great professor, takes time to make sure students understand the concepts. Very willing to help during office hours.
5.0 : Cool lecturer. Really clear specifications and some jokes.
5.0 : He really cares a lot about his students learning the material. He makes everything as clear and easily understandable as possible, which is a feat given how difficult the material is.  He's extremely helpful if you go to office hours as well. His exams are fair, but if you don't put in the work, you definitely won't do well. Very fair grader.
5.0 : Seriously one of the best teachers at USC. Super clear and helpful and really cares about his students. Also not too shabby on the eyes.
5.0 : CS 170 is a pretty dry class but he makes very interesting with his anecdotes and analogies. I went to all his lectures and found myself paying attention to him and hence even though barely staph died for the class I got a very high A.  You don't have to go to lecture to get good grades but certainly increases your chances.
5.0 : I thought he was very enthusiastic in lectures and passionate about the material. He seems to really care for his students, and he's accessible outside class.
5.0 : Nice professor. The class was a bit useful for interview prep, if you are starting from level 0.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Doesn't take it personally when you don't show up to class. Lectures well.  I would bend my schedule around to make sure I had this guy as opposed to any other professor.
4.0 : He is a great professor and very friendly. But I am getting tired of him for constantly diverting almost EVERY question students asked to other stories or experiences of his. It took me 2 hours to get my 3-5 questions answered because of that. I will stop going to his office hour in the future classes of his because it'll be just a waste of my time
3.0 : He is a funny professor for sure but I am tired of his jokes after 170, 104. He skips key concepts while explaining the joke he is making. When explaining very simple concept, he likes to diverge it to other unrelated subjects and gets you all confused. For 356 he just follows the book and the book is way more informative than he explaining.
4.0 : Pretty good teacher. Moves through the material fast. Is a little awkward, but his jokes are so cheesy you gotta laugh. Seems to really love being at USC. Class was hard for me, but not for others. Grades fairly on a median B- engineering curve. I didn't get the best grade but I deserved it.
5.0 : Excellent professor. If you get the chance, take 570 with Shindler. He is one of the best professors at USC. He has clear explanations of the material and answers any doubts. 10/10! wonderful
3.0 : Didn't like his tangents or his style of teaching. They missed out on what could have been clear explanations for the material, but he trades clarity for engagement which is understandable bit ineffective. Can rather condescending if you discuss a test question you got wrong with him in OH's. Not my cup of tea, but may be yours.
5.0 : really good professor, he is young but he explain things clearly and he really understand students. All in all, he is a very good teacher.
5.0 : The professor is great. He can clarify all problems clearly. Definitely, it is not an easy course, but the payment worth. If you spend more time on the course materials and make sure that you understand the questions he marked out on the textbook, you will get a good grade.
5.0 : He is a great professor. His lecture impress me a lot though his material is hard. Well, everybody knows algorithm is not easy. He is highly responsible in email and he is really patient to student. His office hour is always like a RAID in World of Warcraft but you can also make an appointment. I will use his phrase as a summary: excellent!
4.5 : Lecture quality is OK, but home assignment is too hard, there is only one experienced teaching assistant for the whole class. Almost everybody look at open source solutions, the professor is OK but I do not believe the class give good costumer experience.
5.0 : The best class you'll ever take! Prof. Shindler is awesome. He makes xkcd and Star Wars references during class. His assignments are hard but they're worth it. They are very amusing. (Like helping Indiana Jones retrieve stolen treasure using network flow). This is true even in exams. Very helpful during office hours. He's Excellent!
5.0 : Prof. Shindler is one of the best prof in USC. He explains concept very clearly( if you read the topic in advance that will help you a lot). He is very kind and very helpful person. He replies to all your emails within 24 hrs or within half hour even. His assignments are very tough and you might have to ask for extension also. But worth taking.
2.0 : Is it just me or does anyone also also finds the fluid noises  he makes continuously with his mouth and while drinking from his bottle 'so Annoying' that it distracts while listening to his lectures.
2.0 : Very dry, long lectures. Doesn't explain topics very well. Goes off on random tangents for half the lecture. Would avoid in the future.
3.5 : First half of the course went smooth,this summer. Second half , um, somewhat hasty.
5.0 : I simply love his algorithms lectures
5.0 : Shindler is amazing!
3.0 : More problems  could be solved in class.
5.0 : Brilliant professor makes you work hard but it's so worth it.
5.0 : As far as professors go, Shindy is bae. Easily one of the nicest, funniest, most relatable professors I've ever taken. He's a great mentor, accessible outside of class, and hosts student events/sponsors ACM. His lectures are funny, interactive and intuitive and he really wants you to succeed. Stop by his office to chat even as his alum; he's great.
5.0 : Professor Shindler is downright an amazing professor. Just because the subject matter is tough doesn't mean he isn't explain it well. In fact, he makes tough concepts easy to understand. Great lecturer with a good sense of humor. ALWAYS available to ask questions, not matter what, he'll make time. Most of all very fair, he wants you to succeed.
4.5 : I attend his discussion sessions. He is brilliant. He knows the subject matter really well &amp; I tend to understand the concepts better after attending his classes.
2.0 : The lectures are too long and boring. He skips the topic too fast without enough explanation. Like other instructors in CS department not clear lectures. You should read the book for sure.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors I've had at USC. He keeps the lectures funny and interesting, and is always super clear. He also has a very fair way of grading homework and scheduling when assignment are due. I would highly recommend taking his classes!
5.0 : Great stuff. Very helpful Exams were easy if solved all assignment problems
3.0 : Constantly tries to show off and appear cute and brainy, talks (yaks) too loudly. He is annoying and hard to listen to (because of the nonstop yelling)  in the classroom.
3.5 : Great CS prof I had at USC. He is serious about teaching and give us helpful handouts. Like the class materials but hws are hard. Just go to TA and office hours. He's patient and nice with students. Really understanding!
4.0 : Your classic quirky computer science guy who is super passionate about the subject matter. Although Shindler really cares about his students, he sometime jumps right into doing problems and does not explain the concepts clearly. He is very accessible outside of class so make sure to see him in office hours to ask any follow up questions.
5.0 : Shindler is a very good professor. I really messed  up on the first midterm but ended up doing really well throughout the course. Ended up with an A-. He's very passionate about the subject and really helpful to accommodate anyone that asks for help. Love this guy!
5.0 : Michael is fantastic! Never really considered myself a math person before, now considering a switch to an Applied Math major. CS kids tend to struggle with/dislike 170-- this may be since most take 104 concurrently. He appreciates hard work and will stay 1-2hrs past office hours to help you out. Tests are tough and cover *a lot*, so study up.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors of all time. A kind person and amazing lecturer.
3.5 : Professor Mulligan is good. I would take him again. He brings in scenarios with clients he has worked with if need be. Provides lots of videos.
3.0 : pretty good, can get a bit monotonous unless you actively participate.
4.0 : Professor Mulligan is a very articulate, concise and organized professor. Attending his class was a rewarding experience, I would have loved to have him as a Field Supervisor though! His knowledge of psychopathology and diagnosis is awesome! He would be a great resource to connect with beyond the classroom.
5.0 : Prof Mulligan is awesome. He is hilarious and really knows his stuff. I always looked forward to his class. He answers emails and calls very quickly, and is always available for questions and help. I would love to take another class with him.
5.0 : AMAZING. WOULD TAKE 100X IF I COULD. He doesn't waste any time, powers through material and has super interesting stories from his work as a clinician to supplement the class. He has a dry sense of humor that comes out more as the semester unfolds. He brings lots of great movie clips too. Definitely a strengths based grader! HE'S SO GREAT
4.0 : Prof Witkin is very smart and her classes were always fun. I'm not sure how much the class actually stuck to the department's outline, if at all, but the class was interesting. The text was NEVER used so it was a waste of money! You should show up to class however as attendance and participation goes along way with Prof Witkin.
5.0 : Shes the best professor I have EVER had in my life. She is amazing, funny, caring and awesome! Take her!!!!
5.0 : She was incredibly supportive to all students. She made a class I was terrified about taking fairly painless. Strongly recommend her. Class is mandatory in the sense that you miss a day and you can get lost fairly quickly.
5.0 : This class was hard, but Dr. Witkin helped make the content much more accessible. She is not a miracle worker - you will need to read the material, and do the asynch before class to really get it; attending weekend test reviews helps, too. But Dr. Witkin is so helpful. It's obvious that she wants her students to succeed in research methods.
4.5 : Professor WItkin is great. She is laid back and easy to talk to. She gave extensions on all papers and grades fairly. Give effort and you'll be fine with her. I will search her out for another class.
5.0 : She is by far the best professor.  I would fight someone just to be in her class.
5.0 : I took research with her and she makes everything clear - especially since some of the async work is so confusing. Her handouts are really helpful too. She really has a genuine desire to help her students understand and pass the class. I would take her again in a heartbeat!
5.0 : Instructor Witkin was amazing!! She makes sure you fully understand the material even though the class is rough. She will give practice exams and great study guides for the exams.
5.0 : She expects you to study hard and do the work while she will explain the materials in an easier way.  She is great!!!! You'll never regret taking her class.
5.0 : Very understanding and supportive (and very funny). If you are looking for a professor for the 562 research class, this is the professor you want to take. She helps you understand the material clearly and uses lots of examples. GO TO ALL EXAM REVIEWS! She also gives handouts that will help you better understand the material.
5.0 : Amazing, brilliant, engaged!
4.0 : SO there's are a lot of papers cause the class is designed that way. She is awesome. She cracks jokes and is super chill, relaxed, and grades easy. She goes out of her way to have an overview of what the quizzes will contain and how to work them out. She gives points for trying on the quizzed too. Great Professor will take her again!
5.0 : She's just the best
5.0 : Fantastic professor - knows how to take complex ideas and boil it to down to the basics so it's easy to understand. She has a personality that keeps the lectures fun, engaging, and always informative.  Love her and would take her for any class she teaches!
5.0 : Professor Witkin is awesome!! Hate or love research (I personally don't like it), she'll make the class fun and entertaining, and somehow you learn in between. She's hilarious but you can really tell she cares about he students and loves to teach. I'll take every class of hers I can!
5.0 : Professor Witkins has mastered the art of teaching. I was not looking forward to a research course. However, she breaks it down and simplifies the material, which made the class fun and enjoyable. I came in with no clue and left very confident with the material. On top of that, she is a kind soul. Very easy going, caring and funny at times.
5.0 : Took Professor Gale for SOWK 534, and she was fantastic. Provides a great deal of feedback and makes sure you understand a concept before moving on to the next one. I wish she would have provided more feedback as to why points were lost, but she did point out what she thought was strong in your assignment.
5.0 : LOVED THIS PROFESSOR, TOOK HER TWICE. SHE MAKES POLICY ENJOYABLE. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER. SHE IS NOT AN EASY A BUT IF YOU SHOW UP, PARTICIPATE, WORK HARD, AND ASK FOR CLARITY WHEN NECESSARY, YOU'LL DO GREAT.
5.0 : I had the pleasure of being in Professor Gale's 503 class during my first semester.  I thought she was awesome.  Very passionate, organized and wants her students to succeed.  She does a very nice job of supporting engagement among the class participants.  She also applies practical and real world examples that make learning policy interesting.
5.0 : This professor is very accommodating and supportive. She makes policy interesting and really engages students. I can't think of anything remotely negative about Professor Gale.
5.0 : Professor Gale is a laid back professor who manages to make policy fun if not interesting. Very accommodating and supportive.
5.0 : Professor Gale made policy interesting and relevant to current events and issues.  She grades fairly and encourages participation in class.
4.0 : She's a smart &amp; professional teacher &amp; knows her macro.  There's a lot of work &amp; writing in the class.  The 1st paper she's lenient on.  She does care about your opinion as a student.  She grades tough.  There's  mostly group projects and several papers.  The last one is 10-12 pages.
5.0 : Professor Gale is awesome. Very engaging in lectures and definitely is clear with what she expects from her students.
5.0 : Great teacher. Enthusiastic about design and typography. Definitely teaching the right course.
5.0 : As far as design professors go, Joseph is really good at providing relevant, clear feedback on design projects. He is very laid-back as a person, but is committed to helping you achieve the best project possible, if you listen to his comments. Easily one of the most relevant classes for anyone presenting visual or written information.
4.0 : Joe is awesome. He is very relatable with his students and respectful. He understands when other classes come up and you have to turn in things late. Would recommend.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers at Otis. Really pushes your ideas.
3.5 : It was a hard class and it brought the GPA down but he definitely improved my writing. Essay prompts were confusing at times.
4.0 : My writing improved a lot because of Professor Taylor. I struggled with the prompts but he was very helpful and patient with my questions. His notes on my paper drafts were invaluable and really inspired me to work harder. As a result my grades improved from Cs to As. Professor Taylor genuinely cares about the success of his students.
4.5 : Very understanding and relates to his students. Go to office hours when working on your paper, he helps a lot. Never really any homework other than essays, except for the occasional reading. Kind of a tough grader but makes you a better writer. Highly recommend!
3.0 : The difficulty of this class is due to the professor's inconsistency and lack of clarity. She gave assignments that weren't on the syllabus. She marked down for late assignments, but then didn't grade our work for weeks and claimed she was "giving us more time" because she "knew we were busy with work from our other classes."
5.0 : Ali is an incredible writing instructor--she can definitely tell when you're not doing your best work and will call you out on it, but she's pretty generous with grading and truly wants her students to succeed. Writing assignments can be long, but manageable. Ali does her best not to bore her students and incorporates a lot of relevant life lessons
5.0 : She rocks. Very opinionated, but very mind opening.
5.0 : Ali occupies the unique position of being the teacher who's also a peer and a friend. Her discussions are candid and genuine. Anyone who knows her is aware of her liberal leanings, but also appreciates her open-mindedness and ability to conduct a relevant conversation. As with most T.O. classes, the grading is based on improvement. Highly recommend
5.0 : Ali is the best instructor I have had at USC so far! She cares about the class and her students a lot, and it shows. Don't worry about grades because she cares more about her students just learning, especially about social issues. Her personality is hilarious and makes class go by so fast that sometimes I wish it were longer. TAKE HER IF YOU CAN!!!
5.0 : Honestly one of the best instructors at USC--not afraid to say what she thinks (don't let it throw you off), a fun in-class presence, and assigns awesome reading. If there's one thing to say about her as a teacher, it's that she's "real". She wants you to learn to be a contributing intellectual, not just write cleaner sentences. Take her!
5.0 : Ali is the realest. She has an infectious love for LA, poetry, the desert, and social justice. She purposefully crafted a dope syllabus of all writes of color in order to incorporate marginalized voices in academic conversation. She's open, candid, and very sympathetic to her students. She cares about you as an intellectual a person. GREAT class.
5.0 : WRIT 140 is a pain regardless, but at least she didn't make class time miserable too. A lot of my time was spent figuring out what she wanted us to write about because she's very opinionated on just about everything and catering to her opinions was the only way to get a better grade. She's a cool person, she just has strange beliefs and interests.
5.0 : Ali is a great instructor. Writing is probably one of the most difficult subjects to teach, but she is good at balancing positives and negatives in feedback. Though she's very opinionated, she defends the views she holds and doesn't attempt to force them on her students. Hands down he best teacher I had this semester.
5.0 : Ali is definitely the best teacher I've had at USC. Not only does she care about her students' progress, but she teaches them the importance of being true to themselves in their writing. She makes students change their views about writing, understanding how small choices can make big differences. Ali is brilliant, inspiring, and one-of-a-kind.
4.0 : Very responsive to emails and office hours. Attendance and participation necessary. Overall she's a great professor who really cares about giving you a valuable learning experience!
5.0 : Really cares about students leaving the class having learned something. Interesting topics. More homework than expected, but not much is actually turned in. She is understanding that there are all different levels of french speakers in the class.
4.0 : ABSOLUTELY LOVE MINA! She's not only hilarious, but she really explains French subject topics and grammar concepts thoroughly. She's a hard grader on compositions in particular, but don't let that intimidate you. Do yourself a favor and take her class!
5.0 : Hands down the best french teacher at USC. She's super nice and helpful and always wears the cutest scarves. Took pass no pass so I didn't put a lot of work in, but I still really appreciated her enthusiasm.
5.0 : Best French professor! She's super enthusiastic and sweet. Class goes by so quickly because she makes French fun. It's not super easy; you have to work for it. But the good news is, it hardly feels like work because of how fun she makes it and how encouraging she is in matters of participation. Highly recommend.
4.5 : She was a fantastic professor. I had the 8am class and even that early in the morning she was super enthusiastic. Always ready to help as you're stumbling through a sentence. The 5 tests and 4 papers were somewhat difficult and probably required more work than I put in, but oh well. If you're choosing between her and another professor, pick her.
4.0 : I LOVE NAPOLI! He is, by far, one of the best teachers I have had at SC. TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU CAN! You don't need to do any of the reading (don't bother buying the book), and the class is so much fun! Napoli keeps everyone interested by being the funniest guy in the room, while also teaching invaluable lessons. highly recommend. funny&amp;fun
4.0 : He's the homie! He's a professor i will never forgot about and would visit. He can make you laugh even if your in a bad mood. Teaches in a way that makes you want to pay attention just because he's so hilarious and knows how to get everybody's attention. you will do fine in the class as long as you do the work he assigns. no tests, only assignments
2.0 : No tests just presentations and projects. His grading is super subjective and you'll be left wondering why you got the A you got. Alright class with good speakers, but aside from the speakers you wont learn anything special or particularly useful from him.
5.0 : Napoli is the best professor I have ever had. His class isn't incredibly challenging and is pretty dry in material, but he is the exact opposite. He will teach you about life through mistakes he's made, make you laugh EVERY day, and overall offer a great experience. Cannot say enough, you're dumb to pass on his class.
5.0 : Great professor, no tests or quizzes just projects. Really wants you to succeed and learn in his class, not worried about anything else. Definitely worth taking.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD. His class will be one of those classes I'll tell my children about! Very worthwhile!!
5.0 : He's just the man. If you can take one class at USC, make it Napoli's. His guest speakers are an array of rather amazing humans, his humor is on fleek, and his sense of music is eclectic. A real inspirational type, Napoli hits you with the major life lessons that you wouldn't expect from an intro course in entrepreneurship.
4.0 : Great professor and great people that made this class absolutely awesome. Assignments and a final project instead of midterms and a final. Will miss this class a lot and many of the people in it. Here's to you Napoli's Spring 2014 BUAD 201 class and if you see this Prof. Napoli, thanks for Traddies! Also I hope a (ten year) reunion does happen.
5.0 : Napoli has been my favorite professor at SC.  Just made the class interesting and forced everyone to get to know each other.  I would definitely recommend taking his class.
3.5 : No midterms, no final. Only bunch of assignements + presentations.
4.5 : Napoli's class is like a roller coaster: if you go against the flow you won't enjoy it. He has rules: no hats or laptops in class and if he sees  you on your phone he'll read your texts. Also, if you show up late you have to sing a song based on the music video of the day. In the end though, he's a lot of fun and loves to banter with the students.
4.0 : The coursework is extremely repetitive and tedious. My test, homework, and project grades all improved during the course of the semester, fortunately. He expects a lot, but if you do try your best, you will get the grade. Plus, he bumps your grade if you're straddling the borderline. Overall, good experience. Just expect a lot of work.
4.0 : I found her class super interesting. She gives lots of good video examples which make class more fun. She is energetic and very passionate about what she teaches. The class has a huge project which is done with FOX Sports. Its a very rewarding experience. However, be aware that it is very time consuming.
5.0 : A fantastic human. Knows so much about advertising, makes class interesting/fun/informative all at once. Had no interest in advertising but now I want to enter the field. She also cares so much about teaching (you'll know throughout but wait until the last class). Her hair is also always on point, she literally must get a blow-out every day.  Perf.
2.5 : Professor Cavanaugh is an engaging professor. She attempts to offer engaging lectures for students. But I am a bit disappointed at her. She fails to provide a clear outline/criteria for the final project, yet it is difficult to find time to talk to her. But overall, she is a nice person.
4.5 : Great professor. Energetic and willing to help. Lecture is easy and not boring. Tests are not hard, and mainly focus on what's on the slides. There are class activities and easy homework to keep track of attendance. Just be aware of the project. It's HUGE and much more challenging than tests.
5.0 : Great professor. He was very helpful and made made taking this mandatory language class much more enjoyable. Highly recommend taking his class. His grading is fair and he always explicitly states what you need to study to do well in the class.
1.0 : Get a different teacher for Spanish 2, anyone else will be far better than her, especially if you haven't taken Spanish since high school. If you do decide to take her class take it pass/no pass. She is unhelpful at the most even when you approach her for help or clarification. She grades significantly hard. Her lectures are useless for the tests.
4.0 : She's a great professor! She is very friendly and interested in the well-being of her students/their grades. Her teaching style is a little difficult to adapt to because she can be a bit vague, but if you go to office hours she's a lot more clear. She's great and the assignments are really fun.
5.0 : If you have to take a Spanish class, try to take one with her. She is really nice and wants to give every one an A. She is not that hard of a grader, but you still need to study for her test and put effort into all of the projects. Her class consists of online homework that is due about every two weeks, 4 tests, 2 oral exams, and 3 projects.
4.5 : Angulo is a warm, generous man. He likes conversation and the class works better when people engage with him.
5.0 : Prof Winston is the best professor I've had at USC so far. Her lectures are inspiring, and her class is invaluable. There is quite a bit of reading, but most all of her assigned reading is interesting and easy to read. She is a great professor and really invests in her students. Her goal is to help you learn and succeed. Great class!
1.0 : Boring lectures. Tons of dense, dry reading. Course is hard to follow/ she seems to skip around between time periods. Not easy to work with. Do not take this class.
5.0 : Professor Winston is a really caring professor who delivers detailed lectures. You need to take notes; good notes will get you the A. She has one on one meetings with every student at the beginning of the semester to check up on you and make sure you're keeping up. Take notes on your readings. She's big on good writing, so expect a lot of it.
5.0 : She is a great professor who clearly cares a lot about her students. A LOT of reading though. Tons of articles plus three books throughout the semester. Don't take it if you don't want to read. But if you want an interesting topic with an interesting professor then this is good.
5.0 : One of the absolute best lecture classes I've ever attended; it's a demanding class, but it's worth it in my opinion. Engaging and lively lectures (not to mention fascinating), even difficult topics are presented clearly. The guest lecturers are almost always phenomenal. Attend all the lectures, pop quizzes almost every Thursday.
2.0 : She is the worst professor I met this semester. Be ready to read!!!!! She is good at lecturing at all though she is trying to make power point look fancy.
3.0 : Got an A, but she really needs to improve...accountants are supposed to know how to calculate numbers. First two tests were easy, but the last two were the hardest things I've ever taken.
4.5 : Professor Randhawa is probably my all-time favorite professor at USC. She's very clear and follows what the book says. I took her 8 am class, so not too many people showed up. It really DOES help to go to lecture though! She goes through many practice problems and the practice tests are just like her exams. Go to office hours if you have questions!
3.5 : Smirty is one of the nicest professors I've had at USC so far. She really cares about her students succeeding in the real world, which is why she doesn't grade with any slack now. If accountants mess up in the real world, they go to jail. She just tries to prepare you. Go to office hours. She's very helpful in explaining things you dont understand.
5.0 : Professor Randhawa was AMAZING! I  highly recommend taking her if anyone has the option. She may be hard at times but she ensures that you know the material in and out which leads to future classes seeming easy. Also, she teaches in a very straightforward method that made taking her class not only beneficial, but easier than others.
4.0 : Smrity is a really kind professor who cares. Her tests aren't bad compared to other accounting professors I've heard. Her exams are almost the same as the practice tests, so not too bad. That being said, Marshall has a pretty strict curve every professor needs to follow so your grade depends on your class. Go into her office hours!.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had. Her lectures/slideshows are clearly organized and she genuinely cares about the success of her students.
5.0 : Prof Randhawa is one of the best professors in the accounting department. She cares for students, and teaches her class in a clear manner. She videotapes her lecture; even if sometime the video didn't work, she would record again at home just for students' sake. Extremely accessible, she replies emails in no less than 10 minutes. A must take.
5.0 : This class is great. She is really good at what she does and is clear in her expectations and grading criteria. Some people struggled with the course, but if you attend lectures and study outside of class, you should be good. She gives practice exams before and the actual midterms are very similar. She is good. Best Accounting professor at USC.
4.5 : By far one of the best professors I've had within Marshall. She does cover a lot of content pretty quickly but is always available during office hours or before/after class for help. Sample exams are similar to the actual exams, but you need to study and work for it. Homework is collected at random and only graded based on effort.
4.0 : Let me clarify one thing: this class is NOT easy. but it's also not impossible to get an A, though only very few do in my class. she is very helpful and does a lot of extra office hours before exam, which I really liked. midterms and finals were both very very hard, so be prepared to work A LOT before exams. oh, and READ THE BOOK, it really helps
5.0 : Excellent professor, cares about her students a lot. Attendance isn't mandatory but she does collect certain homework assignments without prior notice so it may be a good idea to go to class just in case she chooses to collect homework for that day. In terms of exams, they were difficult, but not impossible to do well in. Plenty of office hours too
4.5 : She was a really good professor. Clear in her expectations and her grading. There was homework, but it was to be completed before she taught it and was very lenient on how she graded it. She does a coin toss to see if you have to turn it in. Her test were hard, I guess, but she gave you practice tests which were very similar to the actual exam.
3.0 : She is a decent lady, but her Indian accent unables me to understand one- third of her words. She also speaks fast and writes on papers with scribble. I have to put much effort in listening to a class which was supposed to be not so difficult. In-class exercises really help at this time.
5.0 : Best accounting teacher at USC. She made me fall in love with this major. She really cares for her students and wants everyone to succeed which is not always easy to come by. Accounting is never easy, but she definitely provides the resources to do well in the class and in the future!
4.0 : Smrity is one of the nicest professors. If you go into her office hours to get help, she will do her best to explain things to you. She is a tough grader because she knows that in the real world, if accountants make mistakes they get in actual legal trouble so she wants to prepare you by whipping you into shape now. I would definitely recommend her
5.0 : Randhawa is hands-down, the best accounting professor out there for this intro class. She is so nice and seems to really care that students understand the material. She also tries her best to give you the best grade possible, so if you put in the effort, she will reward you!
5.0 : She is an awesome professor. I came into this class very worried as to how hard the teacher would be but Professor Randhawa is honestly a gem. She explains everything clearly, is helpful and available, and makes you practice so you truly do understand the concepts. You will not regret taking her, trust me. One of the best professors in Leventhal.
5.0 : I was really lucky to have Professor Randhawa for BUAD 280. She really cares for her students and is always accessible via email or office hours. Her TAs are also great and really know what they're doing. The class is difficult but if you stay on top of the homework and quizzes you'll do just fine.
4.5 : Prof. Randhawa is pretty good overall. Yeah, her tests aren't a easy for sure but if you really take the time to study, you should be able to do fine. The class if heavily weighted on the tests so you really do have to kill it. She explains the material pretty well too.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had. Take her 100%. She really cares about all her students and really wants everyone to succeed.
5.0 : Prof Randhawa is one of the best professors I have had at USC. Her class is hard, but I learned a lot from it. For an accounting class, she made it interesting and easy to follow. Would definitely recommend!
4.5 : She is very very nice and also helpful during office hours. She goes through the material pretty quickly so if you want to really understand it you need to read ahead of time and study hard for tests and quizzes. I would recommend her though she is a good professor!
5.0 : Best of the commercial acting teachers! So glad I took this class.
5.0 : She's brilliant, and an amazing person to boot. Really cares about each story and judges it on its own terms.
4.0 : She's a really good teacher, but the class was more difficult.  I think we read 12 different books in one semester... It was a TON of reading every night.  I did learn a lot though and the books were mostly interesting.  There are a couple papers, midterm, final, and pop quizzes.  She grades fairly and if you work hard you'll get a good grade.
4.5 : Great professor. Really helpful and can explain anything you do not understnad in basic terms. I highly reccomend for IR 329 classes.
4.0 : Wonderful professor! The class and work itself does require a bit of work and studying but a lot of this is mandated by the French department. She's great at making sure her students understand the material, even though we are not allowed to use English in the classroom. Kristen is understanding and grades pretty leniently on quizzes.
3.5 : This isn't a class about grades, so it's understandably pretty easy. Vince is an awesome guy with a lot of knowhow about the industry. He's helpful and interesting to listen to. However, the class itself teaches you very little technical skill and he never actually accomplishes many of the goals in the syllabus. Okay class but not pragmatic enough.
5.0 : Vince is one of the most interesting teachers I've ever had. He is extremely helpful and goes out of his way to make himself available to help students. He has tons of industry knowledge and has great stories from his experiences. Very easy to get an A. Just do your assignments and pick a final project that's not out of your depth.
5.0 : Dr. Saxbe is by far the best professor I've ever had. She is really nice and her PowerPoint presentations are always fun to follow. She uploads all lectures on Blackboard, which makes it easy to study for exams. I WOULD RECOMMEND HER TO ANYONE! TAKE EVERY CLASS POSSIBLE WITH HER!
5.0 : AMAZING. If you like the subject and want an A take her.
4.5 : So cool &amp;  funny! Made health psyc easy &amp;  relatable. Easy grader. Lots of guest speakers (short response paper required for most). Midterm &amp; final are essays but easy overall. Study ppts  &amp;  attend lecture and you'll be fine on exams. Don't really have to read textbooks. Read the articles &amp; studies assigned bc she asks you questions in class.
5.0 : Coach Andrew is the most enthusiastic volleyball coach I have ever met. He genuinely loves the sport, and if you let him, he'll share that passion with you. He keeps classes fun and interesting, believes that anyone can learn how to play volleyball, and gives you unconditional support. The tests are really easy, and he will help you "crush it".
5.0 : If you're looking for a good WRIT 140 professor, take Dr. Sims' section if you can! She is extremely nice, and tries to always engage her students. She will help develop your writing skills and is always willing to help out. Highly recommended!
5.0 : very organized and clear about expectations. fair grader. caring and chill towards students. (gave us a pizza party at the end of the sem) assigns weekly hw that are easy &amp; beneficial to your grade. total of 4 papers: cover letter, research-argumentative, analytical, publicnon-academic writing+short presentation. take her and talk to her.
5.0 : Dr. Sims was such an amazing professor! It's very apparent that she genuinely cares about her students and is passionate about what she does. Even though I'm not a huge fan of writing courses general, I actually enjoyed this class because of how engaging she is as an instructor.
5.0 : Very nice lady, and nice amounts of homework compared to my friends, but it's hard to get good grades on essays. I'm a fairly good writer and I haven't broken an A on an essay yet. No EC, but the ancillary work is a good grade booster. I would recommend her as a teacher.
4.0 : New professor as of 2013 at USC. Good: Handwriting is legible. Bad: Says some words with a thick accent, so can be a bit hard to understand. Good: Always has an answer for questions students ask in class. Bad: Lack of experience means he follows B&amp;C closely. Good: Gives examples in class. Overall, I think better than average: 3.9.
4.5 : I'm probably the least competent person when it comes to any kind of mathematics, yes it was pre-calc so it may have been easier than the higher up classes, but he's always willing to answer questions and help out his students. I believe that he genuinely wants everyone in the class to pass. Probably one of the most helpful professors I've taken.
5.0 : A very helpful teacher. He makes tons of time for his students during office hours. Granted, i took linear algebra over the summer (6 week session),  so the class was small and he had more time for his students.  Nonetheless,  go to his office hours with questions! He is a great teacher that wants his students to understand, and succeed.
5.0 : If you follow lectures, take good notes, and do the homeworks, you will do fine. Wants students to do well. Very nice! Knows his stuff.
4.0 : I ABSOLUTELY LOVE TUAN 3! Hands down, he is the best mathematics professor at USC. Take him. You won't regret.
4.0 : Good guy, wants his students to do well
4.0 : Scott is a great teacher who you can tell really cares about television. He brings in fantastic guest speakers and the only factors in your grade are a midterm (short essay questions) and a final paper. He's very interested in his students' career goals and if you go to his office hours he'll help you out with finding internships and job advice.
5.0 : Brian was an awesome TA back at NYU's Courant Institute of Math :)! He was always willing to go out of his way to schedule additional office hours to explain any concepts that were unclear during lecture. His recitations were also a critical part of Calculus I! He's really great and I'm so glad he's a professor at USC!
5.0 : Amazing professor that really loves what he is teaching and occasionally crack jokes to wake everyone up! He is also really helpful and understanding.
5.0 : Great math professor. Lectures are clear and straightforward; he introduces a topic and demonstrates a lot of examples until everyone understands. His office hours are great; goes in dept and tries to genuinely help you. Exams aren't easy, but aren't hard either. If you just study his homework and past exams normally, you'll do good. Recommended
5.0 : He gives very clear and helpful lectures, but the homework are tough. Midterms are really tough. If I hadn't had nearly full scores in the final, I couldn't get an A.
5.0 : Good Professor, explain every concepts clearly. If you attend lecture, you will be fine. Easy quizzes and  midterms
3.0 : Brain is easy and reasonable throughout the entire semester except he fails to prepare you for the final exam worth 35%. Prepare for the final to be much more difficult and to significantly drop your grade in the class if you only prepare with his notes and explanations.
5.0 : Brian is the best math professor I've had at USC thus far! Very sad to hear he's leaving for Cal State Bakersfield next semester.  Exams are fair and timed nicely (a rarity at USC).
5.0 : Professor Ryals is a great professor, he is a good lecturer and his exams are fair.
5.0 : This class is going to be hard, whoever teaches it.  The final is the same regardless of professor, and Ryals prepares you very well for it.  The lectures are incredibly helpful if you go to class, pay attention, and take good notes.  That was the only way I was able to understand the content; the book won't cut it.  Homework's hard but worthwhile.
3.5 : SO helpful. Go to office hours. Very fair, and if you have an idea or a comment he will 100% listen to it.
4.5 : Really helpful. Wrote everything on blackboard and explained clearly.
2.0 : Tough class. He is a nice guy but isn't very clear in lectures, grades critically, and generally makes the class more abstract than it needs to be. I don't recommend him. Attendance doesn't matter, tho, which is nice.
4.5 : High recommend taking him for 125. He is a boring lecturer but explains information very clearly, makes test fairly easy by allowing cheat sheets, and plays a big part in deciding information on final exam, which is helpful. Very aware of students feedback and attempts to better his lectures by giving less proofs in class etc. TAKE FOR 125!!!
5.0 : Although attendance doesn't matter for the final grade but you should not miss any class. He is a nice person and is willing to discuss when your opinion is different from his. He always replies to email questions and he's a fair grader. Strongly recommend him for probably any class. Will take again if I have a chance.
5.0 : Fantastic math professor. Extremely clear lectures and really makes an effort to make it as understandable as possible. Everything you need to know is exactly prepared before the exam, so if you know how to do all of the problems before, the exam will be a piece of cake. He also is able to answer any questions and is an overall nice guy.
3.5 : Okay, please go to OFFICE HOURS, starting from the beginning of the semester or else you will be left behind. Material isn't the easiest, but he explains in class (knows his stuff), you can see he cares, because he will help you out during office hours. Btw I am rating him the day before my final... hahah.. so i'll let you know how that goes ;)
5.0 : He definitely wasn't a walk in the park, but he was a fair grader. He is a very abstract thinker, &amp; his homework reflects this. The problems are hard &amp; require a lot of thinking, but many come from past finals &amp; are overall helpful. He is a hard teacher, but his office hours are amazingly helpful. I got B's on his tests but an A on the final.
5.0 : GREAT GUY! Tough class but he's always ready to help his students and his classes are a lot of fun. Fair grader
4.0 : This professor does not curve and believes it is unfair. Everything based on slides. No need to read book but should pay attention in lecture. Sexy Beard!
4.5 : If you enjoy lots of role-playing and strict boundaries, this is the class for you. Prof. Mishael is a nice lady, but her teaching style wasn't for me. Go to her office hours, and attend class and you will be fine. She grades somewhat tough.
5.0 : Nadia is my favorite. She is so interesting and makes the lectures engaging for the class. I am going to try to take all of her classes. I would recommend this class if you appreciate the application of real life examples to clinical techniques.
5.0 : Professor Mishael is one of the best teachers I've ever had in all my years of schooling. She is so helpful, encouraging and supportive. She is always willing to listen to her students and guide us in the right direction. She's sincerely kind and I wish every professor could be like that. I'm so glad that she was my professor!
3.0 : Nadia was great at getting everyone in the class to participate and we had a lot of great discussions.  I'm not sure our personalities were a good match and that is why I wouldn't take her again, but a lot of my classmates really liked her.
4.5 : Definitely a class to take if you are interested in management consulting since USC doesn't offer many management classes for undergrads. Very helpful course and Mische has tons of real world experience and was a great professor to have!
5.0 : Still pretty early in the semester but loving this class so far. I've gone to Mische for case studies/interview help and he was very willing to help. He's also got that "silver fox" thing going on, if you're into that ;)
4.5 : Great professor and course. I would recommend the both for anyone trying to break into consulting. His real life experience and knowledge is really helpful to learn how the industry works
4.0 : Despite a jumbled semester teaching this class for the first time at the undergrad level, Mische was a rock-solid story-teller and sage on the MC industry. I've come out with a far finer and more granular intuition for consulting than most bootcamps (which tend to be gimmicky and only focus on recruiting); well worth my time and attention.
5.0 : Great professor. I was interested in consulting beforehand, and after taking his class, I went in with more industry knowledge than I could ever have without his class. Solid experience as a partner in management consulting, and just an awesome person to get general advice from.
5.0 : Prof Mische is extremely helpful and wants his students to succeed. He makes himself very available to his students and is a good reference to have. His class is very much story based in which he uses his life experiences to give advice for a possible career in consulting or any type of business. Really gives you a feel of what consulting is like
5.0 : Very helpful and interested in students.
4.5 : Amazing professor that cares a ton about his students. Has a lot of wisdom about consulting and is eager to share his advice. Not a very hard class at all, I definitely recommend it for someone interested in learning more about the consulting profession.
4.5 : One of the nicest professors i've had. Has a ton of experience in his field, and is always willing to help in any way possible, even when it comes to applying for jobs. Great, and easy class to take as long as you take all his notes. Also, has great stories!!!
5.0 : I've taken both of Mische's management courses and would highly recommend both to those interested in consulting. Cool guy, funny stories, really smart, attractive
5.0 : Great class, great professor!
5.0 : Great class, great professor. After 7 semesters at USC, not one cared so much about the topic at hand or the students' future careers. Mische wants you to succeed and reiterates that he is there to help you succeed. Have never had a college prof remind students that he is available for grad school references the way Mische does. Take the class.
5.0 : Great teacher with a lot of experience and personal insight.  Teaches the class as an open discussion which helps you retain the knowledge more.
5.0 : Mische teaches through his stories of the consulting industry. His experience as a partner in a large consulting firm is what you get out of the class. Great stories, great experience and a solid professor to have if you want to know the specifics about the consulting industry.
5.0 : Professor Mische is great because, while he teaches theoretical frameworks, he does not get lost in the academia. He is out there in the real world and imparts stories from real life. That is INVALUABLE information that can really help in your career. I don't even plan to be a mgmt. consultant, but I learned a lot from and highly recommend it.
5.0 : Extremely helpful professor and has significant experience in the real world. Highly recommended if you interested in consulting and M&amp;A.
5.0 : I wish that every professor could be like Mische. He is engaging and interesting. Anyone who has the opportunity to learn from him is very fortunate.
5.0 : Great class! Unparalleled prep for consulting or any management level business position. Course used a course reader, but we also had guest speakers and brought in real life news examples.
4.5 : Mische really cares about his students. He has a ton of practical knowledge from his years of experience, and peppers his lessons with real-life anecdotes and examples. He is clear about what you need to know for the exams, which are not difficult. Great professor!
4.5 : Professor Mische is unforgettable - in the good way! He masters the fact that students cannot just take in infinite amounts of knowledge. By mixing in practical application, fun and anecdotes he ensures that students actually anchors the knowledge from MOR 559. Furthermore, expect a professor who cares about your career! Thank you MM!
4.5 : Professor Mische is a great guy! He is both knowledgeable and passionate about the material and uses personal anecdotes to give things flavor. He really cares about his students and wants them to succeed in the classroom and in their careers.
5.0 : Professor Mische is one of my favorite professors. He brings the material to life by recounting funny stories from his vast experience as a partner in a top consulting firm and really cares about his students. He is extremely accessible outside of class, and rewards effort shown instead of just the end result. Great guy! Take his class!
4.5 : This ends up being a very easy class, but Mische is really nice and willing to speak to you about anything you might want to know about consulting. He has a lot of great stories and experiences to share. The class can either be really great prep or a blow-off class, but I'd suggest getting close to Mische and making the most of it.
4.0 : Has to be the most interesting(in a good bad way) professor I've met.  He basically threw the syllabus away and just did his own thing.  I would say take this class if you are actually going into consulting, if not I would take another class that is more beneficial.  With that being said, I found this class rather easy and he is funny. Pizza night
5.0 : Professor Mische was inspiring to have as a strategy professor.  Rather than just dive into the textbook and the frameworks, we spent the first few weeks dissecting the art of war and getting into the mind of a strategist.  Mische is very effective at taking an abstract subject like strategy and showing us the essentials to get started.
2.5 : Seems cool in the beginning, but you would realize that you have learned pretty much nothing practical by the end of the semester. Does not even teach you how to do case interviews. Grading is unclear, better check with him to make sure you get the grade you deserve.
3.5 : Professor Mische is a great guy and really cares about his students. He provides personal experiences that make class fun and interesting. However, be aware that he is a subjective grader. Participating in class and getting to know him personally   is key to success in his class.
5.0 : Professor Mische is great. As a former partner for KPMG, he knows a great deal about the consulting industry. If you're looking to get into consulting or interested at all in business, definitely take this class.
5.0 : Professor Mische teaches relevant and very practically oriented subject matters. He cares about every single student and is very helpful. His practical knowledge is unique and you can learn a lot from his real life cases. It was a pleasure for me to attend his lecture!
4.0 : prof mische is a very relaxed and entertaining professor. we read some interesting cases and the class has a very very light work load. the multiple choice/free response exams were fair if you had done the reading and shown up to class. he provides extra credit (at least 3) assignments as well
1.0 : Never met a more useless and self centered professor. Wish he would spend more time teaching and less time rambling about his "glory days" which are probably delusions. Sad because I trusted this website but now the clusters of great reviews seem fishy. Anyways my friends all recommend Wolfe... Lucky them
1.5 : at first you think he's cool and 462 is going to be a great. well we are almost done with the semester and everyone is finally starting to see through the smoke and mirrors. we've learned nothing. kpmg project is a disaster and none of us are interested in "operations risk." mische is horrible and a control freak but everyone is scared to speak up.
4.5 : Mische is awesome, loves talking about the glory days because the glory days were tight. The KPMG project is fun and it very well may get you a job. He brought us pizza, he helps you with your resume and job apps, had a ton of fun. Go to his office hours and hear his stories, its worth the time. Only complaint: night classes suck.
4.5 : Not sure what the reviews below are referring to. Great guy to chill with and talk to about life - he's there via textcallin person 247.  He literally bought pizza for the class, "just because." As for the KPMG project we are doing, it's in its first semester.  Yes, there is room for improvement for the project but it's an amazing opportunity.
5.0 : This is the second class that I have taken with Professor Mische. Looking back on my whole academic career, I have never had a more caring and inspirational professor. He truly cares about his students and I have never had a more "hands on" class. Professor Mische truly prepares students for the real world, such as with the KPMG case study.
5.0 : Professor Mische is an incredible professor. I'm not sure what class the two recent negative reviewers have been in, but it cannot be MOR 462 with Professor Mische. He has brought KPMG into the class and provided us with every resource needed to succeed, in both the class and in life. Cannot recommend this teacher enough.
1.5 : The review war and political mess on this page are sooo indicative of what you're in for if you take this class. Also, the class is MANAGEMENT consulting but were doing a semester long case with a below average big four firm in RISK consulting. Bain? McKinsey? BCG? Even Deloitte n PwC would be more relevant to 462. Step your game up MM!!!
4.5 : Will be there for you at anytime in or outside of class. Available to help students will both the class material and outside things including jobs and interviews. Only asks students to take the class seriously and put in some effort.
5.0 : Mische is great. He has a very practical teaching method and makes sure you know what you need to know. If you have any questions, he is always more than willing to help, either in class or will go out of his way to meet with you outside of class. If you want to know the true principles and dynamics of Management Consulting, this class is a must!
3.5 : Amazing teacher. And man oh man is he handsome.
5.0 : The esteemed Professor Mike Mische is one of USC Marshall's best kept secrets. Not only does he have world-class professional experience, but he is also an expert in business strategy and turnaround theory. His proven track record rivals the best MBA professors in the world. He offers the wisdom and mentorship that students deserve!
5.0 : Great professor who was always available to meettalk if necessary.  You can tell he truly cares about his work and his students.  The opportunity to put together and present a consulting project to KPMG professionals was an incredible experience.  A class that every MBA interested in management consulting should strongly consider!
5.0 : I LOVE Mische. I've taken 2 classes with him and wish I could take more. He is the best professor around and treats his students like his kids. He is a cutie too.
5.0 : MKT-525, Consumer Behavior, as well as New Prod. Dev. (MKT-530) are excellent. Rook is a hilarious guy, which makes class more interesting and effective. It's very qualitative, so if you don't like ambiguity and prefer hard numbers, it may be more difficult, but very valuable. The material is applicable to many fields outside of marketing.
3.0 : Her grading is arbitrary, and she needs to learn how to give better constructive feedback. In fact, she has a tendency to always commend people even if they're not doing so well.
5.0 : Really effective professor. Class is demanding time-wise but Professor Choi makes it enjoyable. She is always happy to discuss assignments in office hours or over email. Overall a really great professor. USC is lucky to have her.
5.0 : She's really nice and helpful. I'd highly recommend her for WRIT 340.
5.0 : She tried to make this class interesting as she knows many people do not want to take it. The essays were not difficult and she was very personable. The group project was frustrating and very irritating as the due dates were very rushed along with another major essay project. The class was not difficult and she had low standards.
4.5 : Dr.Martinez is a really great professor. He's the epitome of amazing professors at SC. He is very cool, easy going, very knowledgeable. Do not take his coolness for granted, he means business. He always wears USC gear and has a lot of Trojan pride. I learned a lot from him. Great educator, fun personality. Fight on Dr.Martinez!
4.5 : DR. MARTINEZ MADE THE EDUC 506 CLASS SO INTERESTING. HE  ENGAGED ALL HIS STUDENTS WITH HIS HUMOR AND KNOWLEDGE. I REALLY  LOOKED FORWARD TO WHATEVER WE WERE GOING TO TALK ABOUT EACH WEEK. HIGHLY RECOMMEND TAKING HIM FOR ANY CLASS AT USC. GET READY TO WRITE A LOT OF PAPERS AND HAVE HIGH LEVEL RIGOROUS DISCUSSIONS!
5.0 : Prof Martinez is incredible! Super easy papers and is so supportive, exactly what you want in a field instructor. DEF take her!!!!!
5.0 : Professor Martinez is incredibly helpful.  Class is a regurgitation of everything studied in the other classes this semester.
4.0 : Had her for VFP and she is a good instructor. She reads word for word from power points/manuals- when you could read them yourself, however, she is very supportive. She's more serious than anything, not really a joker, but she is a solid professor. VFP has a lot of asynch work, so be prepared!! Participation is mandatory and required. Great class!
5.0 : Professor Martinez is fabulous. I had her on the VAC for VFP and my field courses as well. She is really helpful and supportive to her students. She gives great examples and was really great in helping with role-plays of therapeutic techniques. I would definitely recommend taking her as your field instructor.
3.5 : I just had to write this because i saw the other comment. Prof. Matolo is not the most experienced professor but he is clearly very smart, has no accent (major plus within the USC econ department) and his tests are very predictable. Now that dosent mean they aren't hard, but if you practice with the problems he puts on blackboard you will do great.
4.5 : Matolo is a great professor. Although his lecture is boring sometimes, it's definitely clear and useful for the exams. He's really patient to his students and tries to explain the questions. If you go to class and practice problems on BB, you will get a  good grade.
5.0 : He is the best professor I have ever seen in USC
5.0 : Amazing professor! Learned so much from her. She is truly passionate about this field. Such a sweet lady and genuinely cares about her students. She will go out of her way to make sure everyone understands the material. The homework she assigns is not bad at all and there are no midterms or papers, just quizzes based on the lecture. A+ professor!
5.0 : My favorite professor at USC- so passionate about what she teaches!
5.0 : Love Dr. Cortessis!! Best prof I've had at USC. Very good at what she does, and keeps it interesting and fun. Also very intelligent (should be a given at the master's level, but not my experience...). Very approachable with questions and will make sure everyone understands the information. Love the structure of the class. Definitely recommend!!
4.0 : Love Prof. Brumer!!!! She is knowledgeable and uses her experiences within the field and relates them to the lectures. She loves class participation and this will definitely help if you are struggling. Love the class and enjoyed Prof. Brumer.
3.5 : Professor Brumer was very supportive and individualized each class for those students. She brought materials and experiences relevant to the course work. In addition, open to feedback, quick email responses and nurtured our developing professional minds with enthusiasm. Note:  Slides were used inconsistently, if that is important to you.
4.0 : She's one of those professors you love because she's so easygoing and relate-able!
5.0 : Emilie is seriously the best. She is encouraging and helpful and understands that art is subjective. She's also really funny and just super sweet, I totally recommend you take her!
4.5 : Emilie is the best teacher - very relaxed and and will let you flow with your creativity rather than stick to the prompt of the assignments. The prompt is just there if you get stuck but she is open to anything. Class takes field trips to the Broad, Hammer museum, etc. I loved her class
4.0 : Emily is an amazing professor. Hopefully Roski keeps her on the upcoming fall. She always leaves it up to you to create what you want, you will get an A as long as you show up and try hard. Highly recommend!
4.5 : A+++ professor!
5.0 : Emilie is absolutely amazing! She is very easy going, gears artist lectures towards your interests and is very in helpful discussing/helping you coming up with ideas for projects. She is happy to do her best to make whatever you need happen! Lots of field trips and fairly lenient with attendance. No textbook, only a couple hw readings.
4.5 : One of the best professors at USC. He knows his stuff and ensures everyone in the class are all on same page when he teaches.
4.5 : He's a rare combination of intelligence and cuteness.
5.0 : Very useful course
4.5 : This was the best class I got to attend at USC. After completing his homework assignment, one can go directly and apply those NLP techniques on large datasets. And he takes a lot of time to answer all question and explaining homework assignments.
5.0 : Very good teacher. Smart and responsible. Explain things very clear.  Maybe the best teacher I met at USC.
5.0 : Maybe the best professor I met at USC.
5.0 : One of the best classes offered at USC. Includes a final project where you have the independence to your topic. Collaborates with students throughout. Makes sure you have enough information and background about every single topic covered in class. Extremely helpful and awesome knowledge about NLP!
4.0 : Prof. Abrams likes to use real-world examples in his lectures, which I found to be very helpful and interesting. He assigns some homework problems for the chapters before the exams. They are very helpful! Go to lecture because he does a LOT of examples in his slides. He posts them online, but it's more useful to hear him in person. Office hours too
5.0 : one of the best teachers @ usc hands down. trust me you should take him!
4.0 : Really cool guy, explains everything. 2 midterms and a Final, very straight forward.
5.0 : Very clear. Exams are the same as reviews and he goes through HW problems or anything that you are not clear about. Cool guy!
5.0 : 2 midterms, 1 final, 1 team project (just a write-up without a presentation). Very clearly explains the concepts, always willing to help, and REALLY cares about the students. One of the best professors at USC. One minor drawback is that he talks way too fast.
5.0 : Great guy. VERY HARD tests and exams, group project is extensive and takes a good 30 hours to complete. really cares for students. But makes his class challenging and tough
4.5 : He's honestly a sweetheart and I got lucky taking him for econ351.  He's super friendly and really easy going about the material which makes him someone to go see if you need help. Tests are curved, 2 midterms and one final plus homework.  Relatively easy econ class if you study it seems like. I know econ can be difficult but he's a good prof!
5.0 : Energetic, caring, helpful professor! His Hollywood examples, coupled with finance complications, were very interesting and makes you want to learn more. Always willing to help. Real GREAT PROFESSOR!!! No memorization on formulas!
5.0 : The professor is really really sweet,nice and cute! He answers every question in class! really recommend to take his class!
5.0 : Prof. Abrams is one of the best professors I've ever encountered in my second year at USC. He uses real-world examples in the world of finance. Although he tends to talk fast, he's always accessible via emails or outside the class. HW is good study tool. Stock group project + 2 Midterms + semi-cumulative final, and no need to memorize formulas!
4.0 : Talks very fast. Make sure you understand all of the problem sets he assigns. Never ever uses textbook or myeconlab so don't bother purchasing either. SUPER helpful in office hours and his office is usually overflowing with students. Great class and great professor for this semi-difficult course.
5.0 : This was the single greatest teacher I have ever had. If there is one class that makes USC Film School worth it, it's this one. I can't believe that some people direct without having been taught by Barnet...it's absurd how much I've learned and how grateful I am for it. And it's an incredibly fun and fascinating hands-on experience.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I had at USC. I am a graduating third year and Barnet made my experience all worth while. If you think you know how to direct, your approach will completely change after working with Barnet. Don't miss out on the amazing opportunity.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Very clear and interesting lectures; always open for questions and clarifications. He makes class fun and enjoyable. Not too much homework. You just need to follow the guidelines for the labs and it is an easy A.
5.0 : One of the nicest and most helpful professors I've ever had. I'm a newbie at python coding and he definitely helped me ease into programming. His explanations and clear, his assignments are interesting, and his slides are well-organized. Friendly and cracks jokes with students. Definitely recommend! Be consistent though! Make sure you do the labs.
5.0 : Awesome professor. Very clear, helpful, and humble. He is willing to go out of his way to help you out. Not a difficult class,  just show up an do the homework and you'll get an A
5.0 : great professor, got me interested in coding. If you have 2 extra units and are interested in CS, its a great and easy class to take. Unfortunately the weekly assignments are due on Fridays at midnight but if you go to lecture they don't take much time at all
5.0 : Dope professor, dope instructor, dope person. Loved this class. Class itself was 50% homework, 20% midterm, 30% final project.
5.0 : Great instructor.
5.0 : BEST PROFESSOR AT USC. I was completely new to coding/computers, and he helped me until I understood everything. This class is great, and if you have as great TA's as I did, even better. Weekly assignments are tough, but if you start them early enough and with some help from the TA's, not impossible. Cannot stress enough how great this class is!
5.0 : Parke is super nice and is really good at explaining Python and programming concepts. He is always willing to answer questions and will do his best to simplify what he's saying as much as possible. You end up with a solid foundation for Python by the end of the semester. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Great teacher! Very nice and makes the subject clear. I didn't expect to like the class, but I did, a lot. I feel like I learned a lot.
5.0 : Rob is one of the most caring instructors I've had. He tries to accommodate different learning styles and wants you to do well and understand the material. Get to know Rob and the TAs for optimal course experience especially if you're a first time programmer. Tends to let you figure labs out on your own and lecture slides occasionally have errors.
5.0 : Professor O'Brien is a really great professor who is very passionate about comparative politics. Although her political leanings are clear based on her research on women in politics, she never pushes a political or ideological agenda and presents the material very well. One of my favorite professors!
5.0 : Prof. O'Brien is a caring, intelligent and respected professor. Her lectures are interesting yet I learn something new in most of them. You can tell she cares about the topic and is relatable. She doesn't post lectures so you need to go to class. Participation is expected and she sometimes cold calls people (but does so rarely).
5.0 : O'Brien is a great professor with a lot of relevant personal experience in the field! Her class is very structured, and if you do the readings you will do well. I was not interested in comparative politics prior to this class, but I am now looking forward to taking more of her classes in the future! Overall, POSC 110 was a very positive experience.
5.0 : She actually teaches at Indiana University Bloomington now. I took POLS-Y109 with her. She's my favorite professor I've ever had. Very engaging and energetic.
5.0 : Devin was an excellent writing instructor. I'm usually not a hard worker, but Devin was able to motivate me to put my best effort into his class. By being accessible, enthusiastic, and constructively critical, Devin challenged me to become a much better writer. He is not "easy", but he's excellent for those that actually want to learn something.
1.0 : Evil, rude, and with little knowledge of the material.
3.0 : Devin Toohey definitely seems nice, but he's not very competent as a writing instructor. His feedback isn't very constructive, and personally I felt like he 'attacked' our work a bit too much. My writing definitely improved, but Devin does not make it easy - you sort of have to figure out what he wants from you yourself, he isn't very helpful.
5.0 : Devin was an awesome WRIT 140 instructor. The course IS challenging, but it's absolutely possible to do well in the class. Just do the assigned work (it's honestly not that much), come to conferences prepared, stay on pace, and LISTEN TO HIS FEEDBACK. His feedback is incredibly helpful and ultimately made me a stronger writer.
5.0 : Devin has a blend of knowledge and accessibility that makes him a great writing instructor. Both his praise and criticism proved constructive, and he provided me with concrete techniques for addressing the aspects of my writing that needed work. The workload is manageable, and designed to help you improve. Plus, he made the class tons of fun!
5.0 : Devin is an incredible writing teacher! He was extremely patient with his students, and is very clear on his expectations. He is not an easy grader, but he is more than fair. My writing improved immensely and I would take another one of his classes in a heartbeat. Expect to work hard for a good grade and attend office hours/listen to his advice!!
5.0 : She is a fabulous teacher for a fabulous class. This undergrad class is for anyone who wants to be a lawyer. You get a real taste of what its like! Absolutely lover her. This class requires constant reading and only has 3 assignments other than the final and midterm. Keep up with everything and youll do great. Take her!
5.0 : Wonderful teacher. Does a great job of explaining challengening material. She made Law 300 one of my favorite classes. You lucked out. You can't go wrong with Nomi.
4.0 : Prof. Stolzenberg is incredible! There's a lot of reading but it's all pretty clear and really interesting. It can sometimes be hard to pay attention during the lecture, but she repeats herself plenty of times so that the concepts are well understood. She changed the way I look at a lot of legal issues and is happy to talk outside of class.
4.5 : By far the most boring class I've ever taken and its 100% because of how she lectures. She says she teaches with the Socratic Method... She doesn't. She likes to hear herself talk too much. Maybe if there was actual discussion it would be more interesting. Pro: paying attention in class isn't necessary to pass.
4.0 : Professor Stozenberg is a really good professor and she genuinely wants students to succeed in her class.  I got a C on one of my papers (she drops one of three) and she sat down with me for an hour to discuss how to improve.  One downside is that her lectures are very long and boring.  Do the readings and you should be fine.
5.0 : This man is a god amongst humans. Every day that I walk into his class my body is blessed with his presence and my mood shoots through the ceiling. I can confidently say that had I not had LT Foster's class at USC, I probably wouldn't be the man I am today and I surely wouldn't have the respect I do for submarine officers.
5.0 : Lt. Foster is by far the best submarine officer employed here at USC.  Every class is a treat.  My only regret is that I cannot continue to take his classes.  He is an inspiration to all, and his swag is unparalleled.
5.0 : Phillip Foster's class is easily one of most challenging, exciting experiences a college student can have. From day one, I was plunged into an ocean of knowledge and wisdom that redirected my life and redefined me as a person. When I walk out of that class each week, Foster's teachings follow me and remind me that I am a unique and beautiful indiv.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Must participate in class and do the readings to be able to follow. Makes class fun and engaging and the assignments are easy if you follow simple instruction. Do not miss a chance to take Misener - she is amazing.
5.0 : Professor Misner was one of my favorite professors in the program. She makes the content relatable and interesting. One thing I really respected is she didn't shy away from the more controversial topics which I feel is important to discuss as we as social workers will probably encounter them at some point in our career. Take her!!!
4.5 : She is great! She gives hands on practices with vignettes and she is an easy grader. She is approachable and makes classes enjoyable. You definitely have to talk in class, but most of the time its about personal experiences and not the actual book. The book and articles are helpful for discussion and papers but EVEN she tells you don't stress it.
4.5 : She knows her stuff and is always available if you need clarification. If you leave her a message, she will call you back and explain it to you until you understand.  The only way to fail is to not be there and not do the work.  Loved having her for 543.
2.0 : Professor Misener is a sweet teacher who is passionate about working with clients. The interventions covered in class are interesting and useful during field placement. She does not explain the assignments clearly so the uncertainty made the 3 papers more difficult than they had to be.
5.0 : I had Professor Misener for SOWK 543, 545, and 612. She's absolutely amazing. She explains the material and assignments thoroughly. If you don't understand, just ask. She is more than willing to meet with you outside of class. You can tell she truly cares and wants her students to be successful. She's fantastic, take her!
5.0 : Professor Misener is an amazing instructor. She is totally there for you and grades based on who you are. She is very passionate about social work and brings her experiences into the class to help you gain a better understanding.
5.0 : She was a fantastic teacher.  She really helped to breakdown the DSM.  The information she gave will be something I will continue to draw on as I move forward in the program and my career.  She was a fair grader and extremely approachable outside of class if you had any questions.  Take her and take this class you won't regret it.
5.0 : Such a sweet teacher "everyone starts with an A, you have to work really hard to lose it" I loved her, I would take her for any class she teaches.
5.0 : I loved Misener and i am taking her again for 545. She knows her stuff and allows you to find your identity as a social worker. The papers are tough, but doable if you read the material and take notes in class!
5.0 : Dr. Misener is at the top of her field. She is an incredible professor, I learned tons. She is not an "easy" teacher, but she makes learning easy. I would take her again in a heartbeat!
5.0 : Most important mentor in my life. When he speaks,  you witness pure, raw passion, not in his voice but in the fire burning at the backs of his eyes. It pierces you, makes your own blood bubble-and it forces you to reassess the ways we've been taught to  live. We've been doing it wrong, so incredibly wrong. Learn to live now. The work is worth it.
2.5 : He's one of the hottest professor at USC. Like wow. But he made writing 140, the most dreaded class at USC, an even worse experience. He unnecessarily grades more harsh than he should. I risked my scholarships with this class. He's easy on the eyes but he ain't easy on your papers.
5.0 : Al was a life-changer. Motivated me to become the best writer I can, I learned so much in his lectures. He is a tough grader and he will get upset with you if you skip class too much, but his motto was "fail better" (one of his many tattoos) which explains his nature as a professor. However, he is very caring and understanding if you are genuine.
3.0 : The person below me got it right. Al is so fine, like he's gorgeous and dresses like a hipster rock star (he's actually part of a rock band). But he's a hard grader, probably the most difficult writing 140 teacher at the school. My highest grade on a paper was a B. He's also kinda pretentious but you'll be able to look past that ;)
5.0 : I already forgot all the names of my TA's but I will remember Alfred. He genuinely wants you to become better each time and even if you don't care about poetry there are lessons to take from this class. Recommend taking a course with Alfred and Professor Gioia if you want a challenge and a paradigm shift. We're here to learn, take advantage of it
5.0 : The worst part about Al, is that you can't focus the first couple of weeks because he's so hot. Besides that, he's awesome. He's very intelligent, and he expects the same from his students. He doesn't slow down with hard concepts, you have to keep up. I wouldn't take him if you're not a good writer. If you're smartcerebral you'll love him.
5.0 : Definitely a difficult class, but it seems to be that way with any writ150 course at SC. He's a tough grader, but don't be afraid of the class. His toughness really helps you improve your writing. He also genuinely cares about his students which is awesome and rare. Hated him at first, but loved him by the end! For sure recommend!
5.0 : Prof. Townsend is very knowledgable. She's really nice and answers any questions you might have. She's pretty lenient on deadlines. She'll usually let you email her the HW the next day. The exams are a lot of memorization, but there's nothing unexpected. Overall a good class.
3.0 : 304 lectures are long and usually are redundant because much of the information is already provided in the online video lectures. The lecture professors just review the cases and homework during the "live" lectures. Townsend was a nice professor who tried to help, but her lectures always lasted the full 2 hours and can get dull. Not bad however.
3.5 : You will only see this professor at most 6 times during the semester. She only teaches the "live" lectures. She is a really nice and intelligent person, and really wants you to succeed in her class. I cannot say the same for the TAs. The TAs are the ones who make the 304 class as difficult and unnecessary as it needs to be.
5.0 : The class may be a joke, but Townsend does care about her students and clearly communicates the material.
5.0 : Very nice professor and clear lecturer. Always willing to answer your questions. Recommend to take.
5.0 : BEST PROF EVER. strict at first but then you learn and get better and at the end of the class have vastly improved. if you put the effort in you get the A. simple as that here. She's friendly, nice, understanding, cool, and responds to emails quickly with a smiley face. couldn't recommend her any more
5.0 : Dr. Philadelphia is awesome.  She teaches the Management Communication for Leaders course for the MMLIS program.  She course is designed to show you strengths and weaknesses in your personal and professional communication, and she gives you plenty of opportunities to develop your skills.    She is kind and always greets the class with a smile.
4.5 : Prof Cederbaum was an amazing lecturer who kept the subject matter interesting and inspiring with her real life experiences and up to date research. I'd love to have had her for many more classes and would take another class under her guidance in a flash!
5.0 : Julie is an amazing professor. She is so funny and truly cares about her students, and not just in the context of her class. Fair grader, prob. the most accurate and honest prof. I've had so far. Encourages us to read but knows the reality of grad school. I'll miss having her as a prof-she teaches Health concentration classes.
5.0 : She was an amazing professor! Professor Cederbaum created an safe andfun environment for students to learn. I encourage you to go to her office hours. She is open to help and very empathetic. She really cares about APA but she has very good reasons. I really enjoyed her class.
4.5 : Super sweet and respects everyone.  Feels like you're chatting with a friend.  Easy to get a good grade.  I almost wish it were a little longer.
4.5 : Prof. Vachani is very knowledgable and enthusiastic about the material she's teaching. She has a background in law &amp; social work, focusing on education and foster youth. Provides current events the week before to read up on and discuss in class. Fair grader, wants papers to be clear and to the point. Very responsive to emails. Didn't use book much.
5.0 : Take both 534 and 535 with Professor Vachani! She is incredibly knowledgeable, and is eager for students to become powerful and effective advocates. This course is not for folks who hope to skate by unnoticed or without participating - but if that's your usual m.o., this is your chance to break out of that :)
5.0 : This class was difficult for me, it had nothing to do with the teacher, policies just have never been my strong suit. The professor was amazing with helping me through the class. She was available outside of class very easily. She is very intelligent and you can tell she is very passionate about her work.
5.0 : Professor Vachani turned my most dreaded class into my favorite class. She is very experienced in both law and social work and teaches her class based on real life events and situations, not the text book. She encourages a lot of critical thinking and  does a lot of class discussion. She really challenges you. Awesome teacher.
5.0 : Prof. Vachani teaches a great class. From her expansive knowledge of law and social work, to her infinite connections (got an AMAZING internship thanks to her), she always have great information to present to her class with very high energy. Grades the papers fairly easily but honestly, leaves a lot of great remarks for improvement. Will take again
4.5 : Professor Winsett is a tough but fair grader. She grades following the rubric and if you follow it, you will get all the points. In lectures she has a lot of experience to draw from and is clearly very passionate about the material. If she teaches any courses I need in the future I will definitely sign up for her class.
5.0 : You will learn an awful lot about addiction. Winsett is laid back and extremely supportive and accommodating. She has a lot of very relevant experience. She stays on topic and follows the async material so there aren't any surprises.
5.0 : Professor Winsett is well-versed in substance abuse, and has a very caring  and nurturing personality. She is attentive and friendly.
5.0 : Professor Winsett has a big heart and a lot of background and experience to impart. She will share with you the good the bad her personal successes and her failures. It''s so rare to have a professor who is willing to share their own failures and really become human with the class.
5.0 : Loved this course and this professor!  She facilitates amazing discussions in session.  She comes with a lot of real world experience and provides a lot of relevant examples from her own career.  Provides great feedback on assignments and assignments are fun and interesting.  She is flexible and understanding.  Lots of ideas to take to our practice
5.0 : Great professor, very accommodating and supportive. Facilitates discussion among peers rather than droning on in lectures. Great foundation year experience.
5.0 : Great professor. Caring and understanding. Definitely take her
3.0 : Shawnmari is a tough grader &amp; can be very critical; however, she does provide good feedback and is specific on what you need to work on. She does not record her classes &amp; strongly encourages class participation, so you gotta be present (physically &amp; mentally)! I would not take one of her classes again because her grading does not seem fair :/
3.0 : Professor Kaiser is very sweet. She's a very tough grader and unclear.  When asked about a grade, she essentially read back her comments to me. Doesn't record her lecture, gives lots of handouts. Lectures from power point, doesn't stray from that day's agenda, not even for questions to be asked. Class participation and breakouts are really nice!
4.5 : Took Prof. Nguyen's AMST 150 class to fulfill a GE. Definitely recommend the class.  Prof. Nguyen is a great lecturer (not to mention a Pulitzer Prize winner) and the class is pretty easy if you do your part. Just read the materials and come to class.
3.0 : Pretty solid teacher
5.0 : Mr. Nguyen is an amazing professor! He has some incredible skills at keeping lectures smooth and interesting. Prof. Nguyen truly cares about his students and is always willing to help outside of class. Also, beware that they are some pop quizzes in the class that honestly are not hard at all as long as you have a basic understanding of reading.
5.0 : Professor Nguyen is intelligent, respectable, and immensely passionate about the topic. He always tries to get to know the students and help them out if he can. His lectures are well planned and progresses so smoothly. In-class discussions are very engaging. No exams, but you have to read a lot  for his quizzes; although, they are VERY simple.
4.5 : Professor Nguyen was a very good teacher. He gives great insight pertaining to the Vietnam War. However, a major reason why this class was easy was because he was busy writing a book so he did not have us do the major project that he has students do every semester. The class is interesting and I was glad I took it.
4.0 : One of the greatest professors. Really cares to know his students, and is always available to help. Very engaging discussion and always open to participation and discussion in lecture. Lots of reading, but very worth the knowledge you gain
3.0 : Really depends on what TA you get. easy B but tough A.
4.5 : The nicest professor I have had so far. Class based mostly on take-home exams and a term paper. The historical thread of the class is extremely interesting, but the readings and the concepts in class can be extremely challenging sometimes. Very helpful and understanding with his class.  Namu amida butsu.
4.5 : Know how to do the homework and the exams will be easy. He practically gives hw answers and exam questions during his lectures.
4.0 : Homework help sessions are cool. The exams are like homework.
3.0 : He cares for the students, but often hard to understand. Exam questions are familiar to us, so it is pretty easy.
5.0 : Probably the best professor in the physics department and at USC in generally! Cares about students and encourages questions. Makes sure everyone understands concepts before the exam. Also always available for help if you need any additionally help. Respected by everyone.
3.0 : The class is easy if you take it with Prof. Kalia. He works out the homework problems before due date. Exams mimick what were reviewed in class. And grading is very lenient. Sometimes the pace is very slow, thus not too many topics are covered from his class as compared with other profs.
5.0 : Kalia's PHYS 163 was difficult but very rewarding. He generously grades students who work hard to try to learn quantum mechanics and really appreciates taking the initiative to learn advanced material. Though the material is difficult, it's not hard to get an A. He's brilliant, kind and motivating, and makes you want to challenge yourself.
5.0 : You could tell Kalia was really passionate about the subject and he really appreciates the level of effort and intelligence in his students. From time to time the material could get a bit hand-wavy, but on the whole, it was truly an interesting and inspiring class. Highly rewarding class and highly recommend.
4.0 : Obviously, Adande is pretty famous in the sports media industry. Provides great insight on how to improve writing and communication skills. Classes meet weekly and you're expected to turn in weekly sports columns, which can get pretty tiresome if writing is not your thing. Quizzes and midterms are usually not too hard though if you follow sports
3.5 : Guy's is OK, worked for Intel for a few years. Lectures keep you engaged (better than Dubois). However, course homeworks are extremely difficult. Be ready to spend lots of hours on homeworks. Exams are easier. DO attend the discussion sessions, otherwise be ready to get a lot of points deducted from HW/projects. Tough class.
4.5 : Attend the lectures and discussion sessions you will survive the Assignments (still hard). Exams are easy. You will learn a lot from his lectures. If you are interested in architecture don't let the assignments stop  you from taking the course. Would definitely recommend for others to take up.
4.5 : Homework and Tests are really tough.
5.0 : So much love for Professor Ovalle! She's great, really sweet and super helpful. She really wants you to engage with the class, and she makes it fun and care free. Honestly the best class I took all semester. Super chill and an easy A if you put a little effort in
5.0 : Without a doubt the best professor I've had at USC. She inspires her students and gets everyone to participate without feeling pressured, bc of her inviting (and rather hilarious) nature. I got more out of her class than any other - not only from her but also from all the other students, as her class was so involved, interactive, and genuinely fun.
5.0 : Stephanie is genuinely interested in helping the class learn. She uses real life examples, is very down to earth, and extremely knowledgeable. I've learned so much clinically! She is very easy to talk to and makes class fun.
5.0 : Had her for LING210 and now have her for LING301. She loves what she does and as a result, everybody finds the material interesting. She's very consistent and clear about what is expected, and her tests are pretty much exactly what you would expect based on the review material.
5.0 : Homework weighs heavily on your grade. But she is always willing to answer any questions and help out to make sure you understand the material and do well in the class.
5.0 : A little condescending at times, but mostly because she REALLY knows her stuff. Homeworks are long but straightforward and really prepare you for the exams. Overall one of my favorite Ling classes so far.
5.0 : Omeed is the best. Nuff said. This class taught me super useful Excel skills that helped me land a great internship and Omeed is just a huge homie.
5.0 : Evan is the man
5.0 : Forces you to learn the material with in class workshop style problems.  Very helpful and explains things effectively when you have questions. You will learn a ton in this class, take it if you are interested in analytics.
4.5 : Selbe is an experienced and laid back professor. He's is dedicated to teaching his statistics course in the most simple and relevant ways possible. He is considerate and understanding of his students, and quite literally adjusts his course throughout the semester based on his students feedback. I would rate him higher, but stats just aint easy!
5.0 : Omeed is a borderline genius and a huge homie. Summer class was laid back and pretty easy but his tests were very conceptual which is a good thing to stress. Did his best to make a boring class interesting and was nothing but approachable and friendly...definitely would take another class with him if I have the chance!
5.0 : He was a really good professor, and he made the class very relaxed and informal. He stressed conceptual and applied approaches to statistics that would be useful in a business career. I would take him again, no doubt.
4.0 : I initially had a tough time with this class and professor because I felt like we were having our personal therapy style stripped away--I understand now that the goal was just to teach us fundamentals. The professor was kind and helpful. Stimulated interesting conversations in class.
5.0 : He's a great lecturer and the exams are what you expect. Class is extremely interesting. Would recommend.
4.5 : Prof. Garrison's GE class is interesting and overall not too hard. His lectures are informative enough that you don't need to read the book, and he is very clear about what is on the midterm/final. He assigns several long essays but is fair about grading.
4.0 : I loved this class. Super interesting and not very difficult. Multiple field trips. And he's such a nice guy-- very likable.
5.0 : Garrison is a real field archaeologist of the Maya civilization and brings valuable firsthand experience to his classes. If you're into archaeology or anthropology or history, take 310 or his GE. The guy is the real deal. The lecture basically mirrors the assigned textbook, minus a few small specifics, which is handy. Go to class! It's cool!
4.5 : This class was an ideal GE. The lectures were long but interesting and he didn't assign homework besides a couple of random assignments. There was an essay at the end of the class but it was doable. He is a fair grader and the midterm and final were predictable. We took fun trips to the Natural History museum, too. No discussion section, either.
2.0 : If you want to read +150 pages a week about mesoamerica this class is for you. Shady for making the TA take attendance on the low key. Regret taking class as a GE, waste of time and money :(
5.0 : Prof. Garrison always makes lecture (which I'll admit, can be overwhelming with the wealth of info. he gives) exciting and interesting. He shares new findings from his or his colleagues research with the class, which I think is super cool. There's 3 essays &amp; 2 exams. He's clear about what to expect on exams and gives plenty of resources for papers.
4.0 : Took his GE class Prof Garrison is a really cool guy, visit his office. A  big class so no pressure to show up to every lecture. To do well either take good notes or read the book, don't need to do both. The tests had the exact content that he tells you it will be on which makes it way easier. A couple essays but he grades them pretty easily.
3.0 : Dr. G is smart &amp; funny, but to me his class was the opposite of what works.  It was a firehose to the face of info, covering 1000s of years at a rapid pace. 100% powerpoint-lecture.  I kept wishing he'd slow down, break down select cultures rather than cram so much. To me what could've been an inspiring &amp; engaging class felt exhausting &amp; boring.
5.0 : Great lecturer and explained the material really well - lectures were long enough to cover the information, short enough to keep it interesting. He was very clear about expectations and a fair grader. Assignments and exams were just what a GE class should be: informative, but not overwhelmingly time consuming.
4.0 : Take this class for your GE2! Two 2 page BS papers worth 15% each, 2 exams worth 25% each, 20% participation. Surprisingly interesting but most people skipped class because it was at 8am. Very easy A. Sanabrais is friendly and passionate.
5.0 : Best GE ever. Super easy. Sanabrais is passionate about teaching the course. The TA is also very charismatic and helpful.
4.0 : Professor Duggan is a very caring person.  She will post on the wall the night before class of additional expectations, prior to the class meeting.  I didn't always see those.  She is well versed in group therapy, and shares her own experiences.
4.5 : nice guy, chill class, reasonable hw, prepared us pretty well for exams
5.0 : She is the best at providing extra feedback and help. She will work with you either through e-mail or meeting up on the VAC. She looks young but she is super bright! She knows the material very well and is a fair grader. Do not ever miss class. You must be attentive in class because the material is hardcore. She is a clear and concise in lecture.
1.0 : Prof. Hanzlicek is one of  the hardest instructors at USC.  She does not take late work period! She has no personality and her lectures are boring.
5.0 : Dr. Hanzlicek is a great professor that takes research &amp; statistics and puts it into layman's terms. Her lectures relate directly to the coursework and she challenges students to be critical in their analysis. NOT the most difficult professor at USC but if you're an inept student I could see how you would think she is tough!
5.0 : Professor Hanzlicek is an amazing professor! The feedback on assignments is so constructive and detailed. The amount and quality of her support went above and beyond. She truly invests in her students, and is willing incredibly accessible.
5.0 : Leah gives phenomenal feedback. I definitely recommend her for research methods but it's very important that you participate! Not only is participation mandatory, but it helps you understand the concepts as well. Let's face it, research methods is not that interesting but Leah will help you understand it if you're doing your part as well.
5.0 : The research class is challenging in general, but Leah made the subject interesting and was helpful in explaining the material in a way that made sense.  I heard a lot of intimidating things about this class to begin with, but managed to survive it.  She has a lot of knowledge about the subject and is there when you need her.  Great class!
2.0 : If you hate everything about research and statistic, choose a different degree.   Prof. Hanzlicek is a good professor, but her lectures are very dry and hard to follow however, she will take the time to stay after class or set up office hours with you to go over class material.  Make sure to keep up with all coursework!
5.0 : There were three instructors for this class.  All were pretty good.  Lizzie gave talks about acoustics that were not boring.
3.0 : Professor Siez is very helpful, and advocates for her students, however, there are a lot of policies and guidelines that she is not aware of. She also does not effectively conduct this seminar class. She does not know how to diversify the curriculum. I don't believe she is the right fit to teach this particular class.
5.0 : Awesome Professor.  Laid back.  She's not trying to kill you with work but you will learn through participation.
5.0 : Dr. Hoang is a great teacher. She explains everything so well and gives great feedback on papers. A little bit of a tough grader. I enjoyed the group work in class. She makes this class much more interesting!
5.0 : She is the most supportive prof at USC! If you ask for help, she is definitely there. She is a fair grader, no complain!.
5.0 : Professor Hoang is an exceptional clinician with groups and families. Her insights and lectures on group development, and processes of change, and the intricacies of clinical work with families and groups makes this class very interesting. She introduces a lot of role playing, so be prepared to lead and participate in group therapy! Fair grader.
5.0 : Awesome, funny &amp; relatable prof. Has a lot of real-world industry screenwriting experience under her belt and is very helpful. You're missing out on a great experience if you're one of the kids that doesn't care or try, so show her &amp; the class respect and you will find it fun &amp; rewarding
5.0 : Carolina is so sweet and funny! You have to show up and do the homework or she will get angry, but if you do the work you will love her, and (spanish 3) isn't too hard! There was sometimes a lot of tedious homework, but that is department wide. Def recommend her!!
5.0 : Carolina is one of the best spanish professors I have ever had. She is really laid back and funny, but you do need to do your work. If you study and put effort in she will notice.
4.5 : She's amazing! A wonderful sweet lady who absolutely loves what she does and really cares about her students individually. She jokes with students and is alot of fun, but will make sure you learn Spanish and are serious when necessary.  No complaints about this class at all.
5.0 : Carolina is the reason that I decided to pick up a Spanish minor. Besides being a literal angel, she makes class very interactive with games and cares for each student in class no matter if they are taking the class for a requirement only or to actually use the language more permanently. Easily one of the best professors that I have had here at USC
5.0 : One of my favorite professors I've had during my time at USC.  Carolina is funny and really cares about her students.  If you do your homework and participate in class, the class should be an easy A.
5.0 : She is the best Spanish instructor I've ever had. Super fun, accessible and compassionate. Take a class with her. You won't regret it!
5.0 : Favorite professor by far. I've taken her class twice and am motivated to learn Spanish and prove myself to be a good student.
5.0 : Carolina was an amazing professor and truly enjoys teaching Spanish. She is super funny and always encourages us to speak Spanish. I highly recommend her for anyone who needs/wants to learn Spanish!!
5.0 : Gretchen is great. She made research doable. She provides a ton of opportunities to practice every concept in class. She provides reviews before exams.  Gives detailed feedback on papers. She responds to email. She is available for office hours and support. Seriously she is great!! I can recommend her 100%. I learned a lot.
4.5 : I CANNOT say enough good things about this teacher. She takes a pretty difficult subject and really tries to help you understand it's content. and if she can't? She will help you until you get it. Period. I owe getting through my 1st semester of grad school to her.
5.0 : One of the best professor I have had. Extremely knowledgable, clear, open for questions. Easy grader; homework is very limited. Very easy to get A.
5.0 : Definitely recommend - satisfies GE6 and diversity. Grading depends on your TA, but they are generally very reasonable. Rubric on how she grades is laid out completely for you, so just answer the questions. She covers topics very thoroughly, so you don't have to read at all... though it is recommended.. haha
3.5 : She's super nice and easy to approach, which, in combination with an easy class, made it such a good way for me to get my GE VI and diversity out of the way. The essays in class are straightforward - she outlines exactly what you need to mention. Participation is mandatory (TopHat attendance), but you can zone out during class and do extremely well
3.5 : Okay class, not the easiest GE ive taken but not the hardest either
5.0 : Owens is the one of the most helpful professors I have had at USC. The class is very interesting. The sociology method behind the class isn't as straight forward as you think, but Owens does a great job explaining. I would definitely take this class again. It isn't extremely difficult, but you learn a lot and are able to actually enjoy the content.
5.0 : Professor Owens is a very nice, interesting lecturer that gives the average student taking this class as a GE a great experience exploring social problems. There are no tests, but instead 3 papers, including the final paper (no final exam). She does take attendance, but lecture is interesting and a great substitute instead of doing the reading.
4.5 : This class had me truly engaged in the material. Lectures can be long, but Owens keeps things interesting with jokes or a short clip. Lectures can replace the reading. Attendance counts. Participation in discussion counts.  There are 3  papers, final paper gets commented on by the TA before final submission.  The rest are very straight-forward.
5.0 : This is probably one of the easiest GEs and satisfies the University's diversity requirement! She keeps lectures entertaining with video clips and humor, and it is actually an interesting class. No midterms, just 2 papers (follow the step-by-step instructions to get an A) and a final.
5.0 : Straight up the best lecturer I've had in college so far. Ann keeps class interesting by asking questions, showing videos, and cracking jokes. Important to go to class because she does a lot of TopHat questions. Class is based off attendance, a couple papers, and a final.
4.5 : Lectures are super long but it tells you everything you need to know. She makes lectures interesting with video clips and jokes. There are no tests at all and only 3 papers (one is a final). Make sure to show up to class because it is mandatory and it is a part of your grade. There is discussion but each week a group presents.
5.0 : Professor Owens was one of my favorite teachers at USC.  She is so clear with the material you are dealing with and is always so willing to help.  Participation matters, so chime in when you can, it's easy and fun because everything is so interesting. NO tests. EASY and fun papers. TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!
4.5 : She was a great and clear lecturer. There are papers but they were not very hard at all. Just show up and do your participation credit, and you'll be guaranteed a good grade for sure.
5.0 : Professor Prentice is authentic, kind, energetic and engaging. I looked forward to class every time. Awesome man and professor
5.0 : Professor Prentice is amazing. He's very down to earth, kind, and helpful and wants you to succeed. He allows you to re-send in papers before they are do/send in drafts and he will allow you to try again and he will always give you more points for trying.
5.0 : He is passionate about social work and his students. He is always available for help and gives great feedback. He will allow you to turn in drafts and submit for an A. He is one of the most down to earth professors, ever! I got an A in 543 and am taking him for 545.
5.0 : One of the best professors a student could ask for. He is extremely sensitive and compassionate to each student and goes above and beyond to support and encourage his students. He is truly a blessing!
5.0 : Professor Prentice is funny, easy going.  Engages the class.
5.0 : I feel really lucky to have had Professor Prentice.  He not only taught the class material and but also imparted many tips for surviving grad school, and a career in social work.  He really cares about his students learning and gives everyone a chance to make corrections on their papers.
5.0 : Tanya is a wonderful teacher and mentor. Whether you've taken ceramics before or have never seen clay, you will get something out of the class. Tanya really loves her craft and instill this love in her students. Class can be time-consuming, but it is ultimately, what you make of it.
5.0 : great choice
5.0 : It isn't a hard class because of her, but because of the nature of the subject. I spent many extra hours in the 24h studio. Really nice prof, always ready to help. Most of the class time is spent working on stuff, only 4 demos for whole class, 1 super tiny quiz, and a ppt presentation on an artist of choice. Show up to class, it's rude not to.
5.0 : Her lecture is very clear and well-organized. She has in-class exercise and homework almost every week to help you understand the material.
3.0 : She was the nicest and coolest teacher all the way up until the final, on the finals day, she was so rude and the final was ridiculously hard. There was no amount of studying that I could have done to even finish her final
4.0 : She was so clear and a great professor. BIG PROBLEM: The final. Was insanely long and was impossible to finish. Found this to be so disrespectful to students. Even if you studied endlessly, you would have to take that test inhumanly fast to do well. Midterm wasn't very difficult. Group project is very simple.
5.0 : Great class. Great professor. Super easy except final was impossible. Midterm is really easy. No homework.
4.0 : She's a really good professor, you will understand everything after her class. However, she grades weirdly at the end and the final was super hard. But overall, you'll learn a lot from her. Take her!
4.5 : Great professor. Very clear lectures. Lectures are not mandatory but you should definitely attend because power points are pretty useless. Fair grader too!
4.0 : The good thing is she's extremely clear and her quizzes are exactly like the review questions, so no surprises (but the problems on the final are nothing like we've done before). However, she's extremely rude and has an attitude. She acts nice, but she never puts her in the shoes of the students. And her final was brutal.
5.0 : Dr. D'Argenio is the best! In his class I realized that BME was the right major for me. He is very thorough and clear in his explanations, he is very helpful in office hours and even gave me an entire lecture in office hours that I was going to miss! I am taking him again for 423. HIGHLY recommend
4.5 : He talks clearly and thoroughly explains the material. He uses PowerPoints during his lectures and usually uploads the slides to Blackboard a couple days before so you can review if you want. Exams are great because he lets you bring in your own formula sheet, and so the exams aren't super difficult.
5.0 : Great teacher, she makes it clear what you have to do to get an A, and encourages you to work hard. Do not be turned off by how strict she is on the first day, she turns into a softy later in the semester. Her class is very organized, and I enjoyed it greatly. She is also very kind, and helped me with career planning.
5.0 : She is helpful, clear, and
4.0 : Very clear about what is necessary to do well in the class.  Exams are virtually all based off of concepts found on the lecture slides.  Going to class is not necessary but make sure you know how to do all the problems found in the lecture slides/non graded assignments along with the concepts mentioned in the slides.
4.0 : Not hard to get an A, very good professor, but you must print out all the slides for the class, and make good notes. The quizs won't be hard if you did her practice questions, and the two midterms and final you should really work hard on it, not only understand all the concepts but do all the practice questions and you will get and A.
5.0 : Sena is BEST and NICEST professor ever! Two main things are needed to do well in this course: to attend lectures and to solve practice problems. If you concentrate on the things covered in the lecture, you will be fine. Try to solve practice problems several times. She always prepares really hard to deliver informative&amp;helpful lectures. Take her!
3.5 : Sena is definitely there for you, but this class is not easy whatsoever. Attendance is optional, but if you go to class consistently and show that you care you will get a higher grade. Do the practice questions after class and you'll do fine. This isn't a class you want to wait till the last minute to study. Work hard and you'll get a B minimum.
4.0 : I really liked having this class with her. The course is not easy at all, but she tries really hard to help you whenever you're having trouble understanding the material. She cares about her students and makes sure to learn everyone's names, which I honestly really like. Exams can be hard but if you solve a lot of practice problems you should be ok
5.0 : Professor Durguner is extremely helpful and provides everything a student needs to do well in her course. I am thankful to have had her as a professor. The most important things to do to succeed in her course are to attend her class, practice the problems she gives after class and understand them. Work hard and you will do well.
5.0 : I was terrified to take a Durguner because everyone told me not to. She is extremely intimidating the first day, but you come to find out that she is actually very sweet and she cares so much about her students. This was a really hard class and I had to study a ton but it was so worth it. I've never learned so much&amp; I know how to study now.
5.0 : Sena is one of the nicest professor I have ever seen. Her class is actually not that hard, my suggestion is to read through the lecture slides and then do the practice problems multiple times. If you know how to do every single one of them, you will be in very good shape. So in conclusion, this class is easy as long as you work for it.
5.0 : Sena is a great teacher and getting an A in her class is 100% completely manageable. They aren't easy A's but if you go to class it's no problem. She provides ample amounts of examples and study materials in class that directly mirror her tests. My favorite thing about Sena was that she truly cares about her students success. Take her class!!
5.0 : Print out lecture slides ahead of time and take notes on those, and thats your best way to learn. Tests are tough, but she gives you a lot of helpful practice exams. Sena is super nice! Really cares for each student and knew us all on a first name basis. Her class was very demanding, but she taught the material well and its helping me a ton now.
4.5 : Sena is a great teacher for ECON 351. The subject material was hard but she was very clear cut in what quizzes and exams would be like. She made the class much easier by offering help before and after class and office hours. Be sure to participate and get to know her, because she will take into account the amount of effort you put into the class.
3.0 : Compared to the other professors who teach 351, she is incredibly hard. She was the only one with a cumulative final. She is a pretty decent teacher and provides notes you can print and practice tests. The practice tests are way more difficult than the test. If you dont understand each concept in and out you wont get an A.
4.0 : One of the hardest ECON 351 professors but truly cares about her students
1.0 : If you are enrolled in this class currently I think it would be in your best interest to look into another professors. I studied and went to endless hours of tutoring and still could not manage a C on a test. I don't feel her practice exams or lecture were helpful, would not recommend.
5.0 : Professor Sena Durguner was my favorite professors at USC. Although her class is tough you will leave with a thorough understanding of Economics. She gives all of the lecture-slides and practice problems from Day 1 so if you are diligent &amp; do not put-off your studying, you will do well. She gives great lectures and really cares about her students.
4.0 : Her lectures are detailed and specific with good examples of test problems but they also can be long and tedious. She has pretty strict class procedures and policies on office hours, but is very helpful and available when you need help. She's also willing to boost your grade slightly if she sees you work hard. Overall a good prof.
4.0 : Let me save you, switch to another econ teacher. Her class relative to the others is way more difficult and has a cumulative final which the other classes do not have. You have t put in tremendous effort to get a decent grade in the class. That being said, she is a good teacher who is passionate about teaching but needs to ease up.
5.0 : Hard class but one of the best professors I've ever had hands down. Don't be intimated by rumors of her, she's amazing! You will definitely learn a lot from her.
3.0 : Oh my gosh guys do NOT TAKE THIS CLASS unless you want to exclusively work on  econ for the semester! I've never worked so hard in my life to get a B+. This class broke me down. I am saying this out of genuine concern for anyone who cares about their grades and sanity: do not take this class.
5.0 : Professor Durguner taught everything really clear in the class and she gave a lot of feedback to students. The ppt and non-graded assignment is really helpful when you are reviewing your exams and quiz. Recommend to take this course.
5.0 : She's great. The material is not easy and she does 3 midterms + final + online assignments every week, which may seem a lot, but she does her best to make everything clear since day one and help students . Using the textbook is not necessary, just go to class and take notes. Very accessible in office hours and overall great person and professor.
4.5 : There is a strict no cell-phone and no being late policy that is annoying at first, but helps students pay attention during class. Showing up to class is not mandatory, but is helpful as she will get to know you on a first name basis. Tests are hard, but fair. Everything on the tests were things she goes over in class but you really have to study.
4.5 : Hard work pays off in her class, and no work at all guarantees you to fail. She is a very helpful professor if you go to office hours; she expects a professional, proactive attitude during class; her tests are not about memorization but about understanding the concepts and trying to use them analitically. Do many practice questions
3.0 : This class was very very hard. I worked on ECON 24/7 and ended up getting a B+. She is a nice teacher and cares about her students but honestly, I would just take an easier teacher. It was always a bummer seeing my friends taking easier teachers pulling solid A's in their econ classes. Her class is doable but you really need to have the work ethic.
4.5 : This is probably one of the hardest classes I've ever taken. The material themselves aren't that bad, if you really understand them. Memorizing practices will not help. You have to understand everything to do well in her class. Her classes are hard, but they are worth taking.
5.0 : This professor is my favorite professor in USC, and she is not easy as people think could receive easy A. However, once you go to her lecture, focus on what she taught in class and do practice questions and understand them completely, then I promise you will be fine for the grade and the most important thing is you could learn a lot from her.
5.0 : Getting an A in this class is challenging, but achievable with diligence and dedication. The pace is pretty fast, so be sure to keep up with the material weekly.  You have to truly understand the concept to do well on tests, and reading the textbook helped with that. She's super reasonable and eager to help during office hours. A rewarding class.
5.0 : Professor Durguner is a really knowledgable and demanding professor. She expects you to work hard, review everything and genuinely study and learn more about ECON. Work hard and you will get an A. Homework hardly accounts for anything, 3 Midterms+ 1 final counts for 92% of the grade. Just do everything she asks you to, which is kinda doable
5.0 : Everyone I talked to said to switch out of Prof. Durguner's class, and I am SO glad I didn't. The class definitely teaches you how to study, but she genuinely cares about your success. She pays attention if you show up or not and will recognize you in class. The material is hard but if you pay attention you WILL learn it. 10/10 one of my fav profs!
5.0 : She is the best professor. In the beginning, I was really concerned because she seemed really strict. However, the reality was different. She is one of the most friendly professor I have ever seen. She held a few day-long office hours after every midterm to meet "every" student. I will take her BUAD306 when I get back 2 years later. Take her class!
4.5 : She is one of the most impressive teachers I've ever had the pleasure to study under. She has a thorough understanding of how to best facilitate the learning of her students, and - honestly - she had a very powerful impact on my study habits and ability to navigate difficulties. Note: lecture material is very important, so go to class!
2.0 : This class was one of the hardest classes I have ever taken. I spent hours upon hours each week trying to understand tough concepts and homework assignments to prepare for the test but was only partly successful. Without the curve, more than half of the class wouldn't have passed.
1.0 : This professor is not a good communicator. The concept is not that hard, but her tests have no relation to what she teaches and there's no prior preparation for these exams. Do not recommend.
5.0 : Th professor really wants her students to do well in her class by posting lecture slides, and non-graded practice problems. Many students find it difficult because they do not practice those non-graded problems. Practicing those problems for midterms are crucial (3 midterms accounting for 20%). Get A if study the lecture slides and do the problems.
4.0 : Highly recommend Professor Sena's class for ECON 351. She taught in a straightforward way and you are REALLY welcomed to ask questions as she'd be willing to answer. Also, Professor Sena has an amazing memory of most students' names. And go to her office hours, tho the practice tests &amp; the mid-term r easy. Some background in AP ECO will help more.
4.0 : Sena is a really responsible teacher. As long as you study lecture slides well and do all the non-graded assignments, getting an A is attainable.
5.0 : She is the best Econ professor. Take her if possible. But don't expect it to be easy.  There are online quizzes and assignments for every chapter, and non-graded assignments that you have to do to get a good grade because at least 60% of tests are extremely similar to them. She is very helpful when you have questions. She truly loves teaching Econ.
5.0 : Professor is really caring , responsible and wants her students to succeed. As long as you do the non-graded assignments and review the lecture slides before the exams, you will be fine. No pop quizzes, all homework and quizzes are done on-line and can be done multiple times so no worries. Her tests are all multiple choices.
3.5 : She gives you practice questions and uses those questions for quizes and tests but she changes the numbers in questions. Lectures are long and boring but useful. You can't use phones or laptops during lectures. If she sees you on your phone a lot, she takes your phone away.
4.0 : Class is quite clear and easy to understand, but in two hour lectures attention is lost very quickly. She doesn't allow phones or electronic devices in class but attendance is not mandatory. It is more efficient to teach yourself, but her lectures are clear but slow-moving.
4.0 : This professor is one of the most caring professors I have ever taken. With that being said her class is extremely hard and you are better off taking one of the easier econ professors. I would read the chapters before class, go through her lectures, do the hw and quizzes, and the non-graded assignments and still was unable to pass her tests.
4.0 : Attendance isn't mandatory, but you'll save yourself a lot of time by going &amp; paying attention. The lectures can start to drag on near the end, but Sena is pretty clear, though she can rush through some examples. Her quizzes and tests are super straightforward. Make sure to keep up w the material &amp; do all the practice Qs. I have a 96% right now.
4.0 : Really liked Sena. Very clear class - read the textbook, listen to lectures, do the homework, study hard, and an A is very doable. If you participate during class and are nice to her, she'll like you. Just prepare to work. She takes students she likes out for  food at the end of the semester! Doesn't usually take attendance, but sometimes random.
5.0 : Durguner's class was one of those rare classes where you actually learn. Sure the content itself and her tests are pretty conceptually difficult, but she was an amazing professor. She's extremely thorough in her lectures, yet often let us out early, and while approachable, has strict policies. Take her class if you're willing to put in the effort.
4.0 : Durguner's class was definitely the most difficult course that I have ever taken. That being said, she is one of the nicest people ever and she is a great professor. The midterms are tough and you definitely have to study, but you will learn a lot. If you want to be challenged, take her class.
5.0 : Like the past reviews stated, Professor Durguner is tough. Real tough compared to the other options at Econ 351X. DON'T be intimidated by the first day of class or the first exam results. I got the average at a D-. If you put in a lot of work by doing the nongraded assignments and studying lecture slides, you'll do fine. My final grade was an A-.
5.0 : She is the best professor I had ever met. It is true that her tests are very hard, and I have NEVER worked sooooo hard for a class. Never in my life... However, when I saw my own improvements after all the hard work, I have never felt so accomplished before. She not only teaches us Econ, but also helped us to develop a good learning habits.
5.0 : She is the best professor I had ever met and explains everything clearly. You may find her strict at first. But as you learn more and getting to know her more during each class, you'll find how helpful her classroom policies are. You'll never find a GREAT professor like her again. Hope she can teach my other classes!
5.0 : I think this is a easy class. Go to lectures, do your homeworks, and review before tests, and you'll be fine. Those who give bad comments are just bad at Econ and want to blame it on the professor. Econ is not an easy class, and you need to spend time to get an A.
4.0 : Comes off strict at first but really isn't too bad. Lectures can be slow at times but lecture slides are helpful to study beforehand. Do non-graded assignments to help prepare for tests. Textbook can be helpful with understanding concepts but not necessary.
5.0 : A really approachable professor if you ever have questions. She usually talks about course requirements in the first class. DO NOT be intimidated! She is actually super nice and caring. The exams and homework are not difficult if you review her lecture slides and do non-graded assignments.
5.0 : Prof Durguner is a very patient and knowledgeable lady. She will be willing to spend lots of time answering your questions. This  course could be hard for those who have not taken econ before. The final is cumulative, which could be challenging.
5.0 : Professor Durguner is one of the nicest professors I have met so far! She is really approachable and wants all of her students to do well. The exams can be very tricky and the final exam is cumulative. To do well for this class, you need to complete ALL of the non-graded assignments and understand everything in the lecture slides thoroughly.
5.0 : Professor Durguner genuinely cares about her students. She clearly states the grading guidelines and emphasizes her study recommendations on the first day of class. The course itself is difficult, but she makes the material online-accessible: lecture slides on Blackboard and online homework/quizzes on MyEconLab. Don't hesitate to ask her for help.
4.0 : Professor Durguner was a solid econ teacher. She was extremely clear with her expectations (everything we needed to know was on her lecture slides, which she posted online for us to use). 92% of our grade was based on multiple choice test scores, which forced me to actually learn the material. Lectures are a little slow. Would recommend.
5.0 : Durguner really makes you become a better student by teaching you how to prepare for midterms and final exams. She gives you non-graded assignments that help you become more fimilar to the class. I was honestly failing the class but she helped and motivated me to do so much better. She always asked about my studying before every class! She's great!
5.0 : Professor Durguner is probably one of the best professors I have ever met. She gives great lectures, and provides you with everything you need to success in the class. She tries to remember every student's name and is always there for you. Her class policy  may seem strict at the beginning but eventually becomes the spirit of the class. Take  her!
5.0 : Professor Durguner explains the class materials really well and the exams are easy as long as you do the homework.
4.0 : I took this class as a part of my finance minor and it was an easy A. Professor Durguner is very sweet and her lectures are mainly just walking you through powerpoints. Never went to office hours, but in class she is really nice. There are online homework assignments every week, but they did not take too much time. Show up for an A.
4.5 : Great professor.  Professor Durguner gave us so much resources to do well (non-graded assignments, lecture slides, online graded homework and quizzes) and really cares that we understand the material.  Will definitely take her class again!
5.0 : Professor Durguner is one of my favorite professors at USC. I transferred from another 4 year university and have never experienced such a difficult class but rewarding class. If you go to class, do the non graded assignments, and make sure to study and pace yourself before the tests you will do totally fine in this class. She's so sweet and caring
5.0 : Economics is not an easy topic, so it there will be hard work and commitment required of you in this class. Professor Durguner, however, is much different than other professors in that she is willing to help you whenever you need assistance and all she wants from you is to try your best. As long as you work hard, it will pay off, I guarantee it.
4.5 : Sena is the best teacher that befriends with her students. Love in class interaction and we all like her.  This class is really intimidating at first but really teach me how to study more than just econ. I am top three of the two classes before finals and aced the class.  My tips are to distinguish how hard this class is for you. Hard class: previe
4.5 : Very caring for her students
5.0 : Great professor, she's strict but if you follow what she says you definitely get a high grade.
5.0 : Sena is a great professor. She is very clear with her expectations and gives her students every resource they need to be successful. That being said, the class is not at all easy. You will have to work hard to get a good grade. Going to class is critical in order to be successful. There is a lot of content, so go to class and ask questions.
4.0 : She is very tough. There are no electronics allowed in her class and her lectures are fast pace and you really have to be paying attention and attend every lecture. While she is very intimidating you learn a lot from her. I feel I have mastered micro econ. She gives a lot of advise on how to study and succeed in her class. Her tests are challenging
4.0 : Although this class is known to be tough, it is very possible for anyone to succeed--if they work hard. Durguner provides many practice problems and detailed lecture slides. If you can understand the concepts and practice the problems in advance, the midterms and final are very fair;sometimes even easy. Whatever effort you put in you will get back
5.0 : Professor Durguner is undoubtedly one of the best instructors that I have had. She gives you all the resources to succeed in the class and truly cares about her students. As long as you put in the effort, stay determined, and listen to her advice, you can do well in the class. Overall, her class was a very rewarding experience.
4.0 : Professor Durguner's 351 class was very straightforward; it was comprised of exams and homework assignments which were graded promptly. She provides all the materials needed to succeed, so it's on the student to consistently review the material and apply the concepts. I do wish the class encouraged more group work since it was all individual-based.
4.0 : Gives you all the resources (practice problems) you need to ensure you understand. Solid course, but easy to get lost in calculation and not understanding the concepts if you skip class. Would highly recommend going to lecture. Good course and professor.
3.0 : An average, old-fashioned professor and a nice person. Beware of her prodigious amount of but entirely useless mendatory homeworks that counted for 15%. Ironically, the most useful materials were her non-graded assignments. To do well in this class, a lot of studying and reviewing is necessary. I'd probably have done better if I had more time.
5.0 : Professor Durguner has been an amazing teacher throughout the entire semester. She really teaches you the material in a clear way and wants you to do well. Not only does she give you the resources (nongraded assignments, lecture slides etc) to do well in the class but she also makes herself available to help you during her office hours.
5.0 : Sena is a great person. I would definitely recommend her. She engages with the class and create a friendly atmosphere between students. Just Show up to class, and do the homework yourself! and you should be ok for the other 3 tests.
5.0 : It's incredible how much time&amp;effort she devotes to making sure she is the best she can be. She always took time to set up appointments with me because my other classes conflicted with her office hours. Her tests are very fair. Just do the homework, review the lectures&amp; go through all practice tests. If you have any questions, she'll always help.
3.0 : Her class is extremely straightforward in its grading criteria. To be succesful you need to really work on the practice problems out of class and study the lecture slides. The lectures themselves are dreadful, but you really dont need to go as long as you study hard out of class.
4.5 : Professor Durguner is a great teacher. She comes off as intimidating at first, but is so kind and helpful throughout the semester. She really wants her students to succeed, and she teaches you not only the material but how to study efficiently too. Also gives very helpful study material.
3.0 : Took her for 351 and decided to take her for 352 again. Isn't very hard to get a B but is very difficult to get an A. There are so many easier teachers to take for Macro that I wouldn't recommend her for this class. Macro is supposed to be the easier class but she makes it so difficult.
3.0 : She seriously gets a bad rep, but she knows her stuff. The midterms (3 of them) &amp; the final will be hard without studying. She is very approachable &amp; if you show up to class, she is more likely to adjust the grading scale (usually in your favor). Makes a strong effort to know her class &amp; will often end class early. Be sure to have the powerpoints.
5.0 : Professor Barry Thompson is an amazing lecturer. His tests are challenging but fair. I learned a lot from him.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had; writes hard tests but is an excellent teacher. Definitely would take again for another class
5.0 : Prof Thompson's lectures are thorough and clear. While attending class isn't necessary, it will definitely help secure that A.   His practice exams (style and content) are similar to midterms, so do them! Not check the key and memorize. UNDERSTAND how to work out the problems.  He is very willing to write LORs if he recognizes you (OH &amp; lect).
5.0 : One of the best profs I've had. He's exceptionally clear and thorough in lecture. Tests are challenging but he outlines structure of exams and gives many practice problems. Very open to questions and does not hesitate to re-explain concepts. Approachable, likable and also answers questions by email. Very professional and cares about students.
5.0 : Great lectures that really explain the material. Don't be afraid to go to office hours or ask questions after or during class if you don't understand something. Make sure to come to class because he writes many things on the board that aren't on the slides. Tests are very difficult but fair. Know the reactions and get a whiteboard for mechanisms.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at USC... Chem 322b is a tough course but he makes it very understandable and "fun" in a way. Go to his lectures, understand what he says, take all his practice tests (he gives A LOT of prac materials), and you should be fine. Tests are fair/reasonable. Also provides extra credit opportunities.
5.0 : He's very thorough, and has crystal clear lectures. He makes difficult concepts seem like a piece of cake.
5.0 : Kind, compassionate and amazing professor. Helps everyone understand the material, which is very difficult in this course. The extra credit helps a lot and is worth doing. Tests are tough and requires lots of prep from the study guides, questions in office hours or email, and taking good notes in class. Overall, tough course but well worth it.
4.5 : Awesome professor. The hw requires strict formatting and exams are difficult, but it's all very fair and emphasizes the things that she tells you are important in class (i.e. CV methods, etc). If nothing else, her enthusiasm for the subject will keep you engaged and hopefully inspire you to work hard to understand this relatively tough subject.
4.5 : Professor Wasiak is really experienced in the industry, and he definitely uses that in his teaching. Encourages everyone to participate in class and that keeps things interesting. Just 2 quizzes and 1 group project, not a hard class. The text book is listed as required, but I didn't need to open it even once!
5.0 : Literally the best TA ever.  Matt is the coolest TA in at USC.  He is super helpful and wants everyone to succeed.
5.0 : He's the best. Great TA, super funny, easy grader. He's British and great. Take his discussion section.
5.0 : Super fun guy, makes discussions enjoyable, love his british accent
5.0 : Matt (aka Lord Ripley) is literally awesome!  He is very passionate about sociology and is young so relates easy to the students.  He is also adorable, British, and super cute!  So going to discussion isn't so bad.
5.0 : We call him Lord Ripley.
5.0 : Great TA! very charismatic and makes discussion very fun.
5.0 : Matt is one of the best TA's I've ever had. His grading is clear and he leads interesting discussions. As long as you do the work and listen in lecture you'll be fine.
5.0 : Outstanding TA, will surely be an outstanding professor some day as well. Very intelligent, not pretentious at all. He leads fascinating discussion sections and has a great sense of humor. Very willing to help if you visit him during office hours. A charming young Brit, if ever there was one.
3.0 : Made this class interesting. However, the grading criteria and curve in this class is questionable. One might easily wonder how they got the grade they received on an essay, even after putting in all additional work needed. You'll leave the final feeling like an Ace, only to find out they graded you down for stuff they didn't specify/tell you about
3.0 : Super easy class. Lots of videos and movie-watching. Not super useful. Guest speakers and the general lecture are not very interesting sometimes. Attendance is not taken and there are little to no assignments. If you're looking for an easy 2 credit class- take this. If you want something useful and interesting- take something else.
5.0 : I loved this class. the professor is super funny, knowledgeable and helpful. The assignments help you to create your own stuff, which is what the class is about. It most definitely helped me get ready for the next level. Highly recommend if you love writing and want to learn funny stuff.
5.0 : David Isaacs is super knowledgable and really engaging. Not to mention hilarious. If you close your eyes, you could totally belief you were in Woody Allen's lecture. Take him if you can.
4.0 : One of the best things about this class is that she brings in world-class photographers for Master Class. She's also very knowledgeable and respected.
5.0 : Prof. Turner was always willing to help and she arranged some great guest speakers and field trips to the Lakers, Clippers and Kings. I was impressed with her teaching. She was really able to engage us on a level a lot of professors never can.
5.0 : Miki is the bomb
4.5 : Great professors. Really neat assignments. Learned a lot without realizing I was learning. Fun guest speakers. Easy going and wants you to succeed.
4.5 : For photograpy, we learned through practicing a lot. That class had really good speakers with different jobs in the field and different perspectives on photography. If you are into Sports writing, she is also a great professor to learn from.
5.0 : She knows her stuff and is ALWAYS available. Very entertaining!
5.0 : Good lectures
5.0 : Analog &amp; RF Guru.
5.0 : good
5.0 : Lots of examples in class. Will even so himewoek problems if you ask. Gives practice exams. 3 midterms and homework every week. TA is useless so go to lecture.
1.0 : 3 midterms and weekly homework. An easy class, but makes it difficult. Lectures are unclear and examples are all over the place. If you want a straight foward professor, don't take Professor Assaf
1.0 : One of the poorest math teachers I have had, overcomplicates the material when it is actually quite simple. I would steer clear and search for a better 117 professor
5.0 : Phenomenal lecturer. This is one of the most difficult undergrad math classes at USC but she does everything she can to make sure things are clear. Takes the time to answer questions if you ask, posts her lecture notes online, and is very helpful during office hours. She also gives extra credit opportunities on her tests! Curves fairly generously.
1.0 : Not a good professor, material is easy but taught in such a hard way. Weekly homework was impossible to do unless you go to office hours or math center. The homework got so hard that the TA did them with us during discussion and most of the TAs at the math center didn't even know how to do them. Avoid her unless you absolutely want a hard challenge
1.0 : Her homework assignments are not helpful and hella hard. They don't apply to the things to teach in class -- you basically have to self study everything. Horrible professor who teaches a freshman class like it's a phd one.
3.0 : You need to fully understand her lectures in order to do her conceptual homework that she makes. There's homework due every week, and usually a quiz once a week during discussion. She's tough on grading the exams, and the homework assignments are graded on accuracy not completion. There are 4 exams in total for the class, not easy, be prepared.
5.0 : Sami Assaf is the best Prof. I've had here. Incredibly helpful, clear, and has a sense of humor. Lectures were enjoyable and she made us want to be there. Tests were challenging but she is a fair grader and is not out to hurt anyones GPA.
5.0 : Tries to make class fun. Does lots of examples and sometimes homework problems. TA also great. Definitely better than the other professor!
5.0 : Honestly the best math professor I have ever had. She is very confident and knows what she is doing. Her explanations make everything easy to understand. Also she gives out a practice test which is very useful.
5.0 : She is an incredible lecturer. She used to teach at MIT, so she does have a more mature teaching style, but I liked it that way. If you make a genuine effort to go to office hours, she will work with you to get the grade you want. She's very organized and encourages feedback on the class &amp; discussion to make it better for you. Best Calc 2 teacher!
5.0 : Great math teacher, best one I've had. She explains really well! Gives out a practice midterm and final which really helps. Highly recommend her.
5.0 : She makes math fun! Great personality and great lectures! She is super chilled about skipping lectures, but she does cover a lot in one lecture so make sure you take notes from a friend. Take her if you can you will not regret it!
4.0 : If you're a Math/Engineering and would like to take her math class to push your to your math limits conceptually, this class is for you. There's homework every week. Her grading is tough, constantly gives very little partial credit on exams. This class is designed for you to truly understand calculus 2, and test you on tough conceptual math.
5.0 : Awesome lectures that really prepare you for 226. Go to office hours and she'll give you great test taking strategy that really helps. Have to work hard, but if you do you really learn the stuff.
5.0 : Professor Assaf was always ready to teach in an encouraging and clear way. Weekly homework and quizzes- all homework problems are done in discussion and quizzes are easy. She posts and reviews practice midterms and final. SO NICE AND A GREAT TEACHER! She is the best 117 prof.
5.0 : Wonderful professor! Very enthusiastic about the subject matter and always available during her office hours to lend a helping hand. Additionally, some of her lectures were very mindblowing in terms of the way she helped her students to see connections. Would definitely recommend taking a class with Professor Assaf!
5.0 : She is light hearted and a great teacher. Pay attention, go to office hours and do your homework. She is very fair and I feel lucky to have had her as a teacher.
5.0 : I took Professor Staahl's Introduction to Screenwriting class as a minor requirement. Honestly, the lectures are pretty long, but Professor Staahl gives valuable feedback on the scripts. There is a lot of team dynamic involved, especially towards the end when everyone works on the final project (a 10-20 pages screenplay), in regards to feedback.
5.0 : The best screenwriting professor I've had at USC. And I've had many. The first couple weeks we tweaked and finalized our treatments, after that, the class is divided into two groups for workshop. Jim gives detailed feedback and will help you make your script the best it can be (as long as you do the work)
5.0 : Dr. G is incredibly caring and wants you to succeed. She's such a nice teacher and will help you learn and pass.
5.0 : First great professor I've had for engineering.
5.0 : Literally a saint. Fantastic lecturer. Would take her class again.
5.0 : Dr G. is one of the nicest professors at USC. She makes a mandatory otherwise-boring class very dynamic and entertaining. She is very helpful and really cares about her students in and out of the classroom.
5.0 : Great professor
5.0 : As an alternate to CHEM 105, Professor G. one of the best professors I've had. She loved the material she was teaching which transferred into me wanting to learn. However, only lecture slides will be posted, which means that going to class is needed to gain all the information. The material isn't too hard, and I highly recommend taking this class.
5.0 : Consists of 2 homework assignments, 4 easy lab reports, 1 midterm, and final. Show up to lecture so that you'll understand all the material. Attendance isn't taken but you should show up if you wanna pass. Lab reports are easy as long as you go in to have the TAs look at them a few days before they're due to make changes they suggest. She's picky
5.0 : Dr. Grunenfelder's lectures were excellent. You don't need a textbook which is a plus, but you have to attend her lectures to get the notes. Her tests are straightforward, only covering material she goes over. This course was not math heavy.
5.0 : Very fair professor and really had a passion for her class. Loved lecture (even if it was at 8 am) and I learned a lot from it.
5.0 : Really great class! Very clear teacher &amp; really helpful when questions are asked. Her lectures are based off of ppt slides that she recommends printing off before lecture and filling in during class. Class isnt mandatory but extremely helpful to passing. Need book for hw probs &amp; clarification sometimes-I recommend online version for easy seaching
5.0 : Perfect and super nice lecturer, she is keen to teach you the concepts, never meant to give students hard time, I enjoyed her class so much
2.0 : Memorization of lectures is rewarded over conceptual understanding of course. If you like that, go for it. Just don't skip lecture, and don't use a textbook that isn't her own because your right answer won't be her right answer.
5.0 : GREAT professor, really works hard to fire up everyone's enthusiasm for everything in general. Helpful and encouraging in class.  Won't try too hard to make you participate, but your grade won't look too pretty if you don't. Work standard and quantity is pretty good, as long as you're committed to actually trying.
5.0 : Lessa personally grades all the exams and homework, so she knows exactly how everyone is doing. The exams are based off the lectures, so if you go to class, it is an easy A. She is almost always available for office hours, and  super friendly. I hope she teaches more upper division courses!
5.0 : Exams based off homework which is based off lectures. Very clear lectures.
5.0 : Cares a lot about the topics, lectures heavily. Exams based off of the lecture slides but are posted online
5.0 : Lessa was an awesome teacher! The class covers a lot of material but she made it easy to digest.  She was very helpful to students and seemed to genuinely care about our academic experience.  This class made me wish USC had an undergraduate MASC program.
5.0 : He is always willing to give feedback and help you no matter how busy he is.
4.5 : One of my favorite CS professors at USC. It's a shame he left to do Software Engineering for Google - USC misses him!  In case he does teach again in the future and you have an opportunity to take his class, do it! He communicates information in a clear and helpful way that is up-to-date with industry standard.
4.5 : Best looking male in the CS department. Class grade average is superior within CS-103, lecture very clear and no accent.
5.0 : If you know C and C++ well, you won't really need to attend class too much; nonetheless, you'll want to go because Pritchard's lectures are really interesting and go beyond just learning basic programming. Furthermore, he's also an extremely humble and intelligent guy. If you're taking CS 103, make sure to take it with either Pritchard or Redekopp.
4.0 : If you are new to coding or to computer science over all be prepared to put in a good amount of effort to pass. Pritchard makes it easy to learn, specially if you have a good knowledge of C and C++. Lectures go by slow and your grade mainly depends on 5 big coding assignments you have to turn in that are not very hard if you know your stuff.
3.5 : Pretty difficult if you don't have prior experience with coding. However, Professor Pritchard's helpfulness makes up for this. He is always willing to help, no matter how swamped office hours are. Never made me feel dumb for asking questions about basic concepts. Go to office hours and schedule appointments!
5.0 : Prof Pritchard was one of the best professors I've had at USC so far. He is an extremely approachable, quirky guy, who loves to tell jokes about Canada and cats. He always makes himself available in office hours and even within class has developed an interactive "notes and exercises" page for every lecture and walks around the class to help.
4.5 : He is pretty clear in what he explains. His notes are the best, just go through them carefully before exams and you might get an A. You will never touch the textbook. Really good professor, totally recommended. Incredibly helpful, sometimes he has like 10 students in his office and he manages to help them all. You will end up loving cats.
4.5 : Amazing professor!! I've never had a professor so available and helpful. And for helping you debugging your code, he is impressive. You may have spent hours on your code but he gets what you typed right away. Excellent professor!
4.5 : He is a very great teacher. He is willing to put in time for one-on-one help. He dresses casually to class- does not mind when people do not show up or come lateleave early. I came in the class with 0 knowledge on programming but ending up passing with a B after attending many office hour sessions.
5.0 : WRIT 150 is pretty tough no matter which teacher you have; your first essay will probably get a C at best. However, Professor Delgado's so passionate about writing that I think I'll long to be in WRIT 150 next year. He's highly accessible, open, and encouraging. From what I've experienced/ heard, he's likely the best WRIT 150 professor to choose.
5.0 : Professor Delgado 's class is one of the best writing classes. I would definitely recommend taking his class. He is very insightful, extremely available, and flexible. He is always willing to help and is very passionate about some of the subjects we talk about in class. I was never bored in his class, but be prepared to write and work!
4.5 : Carlos is my favorite teacher at USC. He's nice, fun, creative in his teaching ways and super open to help students as much as possible. With his help, and some effort, your grades will continue to go up through the semester. I definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Funniest and easily the best professor i'v had at USC.
5.0 : Take him if you get the chance. Makes an annoying required class very bearable.
5.0 : I really love his way of teaching! I really love all the videos that he showed us! I really love all his interesting stories about his sons and his own life which keep students involved in his classes! He is passionate, he is interesting, he is definitely good at teaching!
5.0 : Though Writing 150 was easily the toughest course during my freshman year, Carlos was an amazing teacher and I really respect him. He is very insightful and helped me improve my writing immensely.
5.0 : Prof Delgado is the most inspirational professor ever. His class is intellectually difficult&amp; it makes you rethink life and like everything else. He lets you text him with questions have and is ALWAYS available during office hours. This class is difficult, but he's there to help whenever. Best prof ever 3 Don't be discouraged by a bad 1st grade!
4.5 : He is a smart, young and easy-going professor. He is always there to help you out when you reach him, but whether you can gain much from this class all depends on yourself. He is a really nice person, I like him a lot, although I was expecting to get a better final grade. The last essay screw me up as he was lenient in grading my previous essays.
5.0 : This class was super easy &amp; Amini's a great professor. Most of the time there were guest speakers and you have to always send thank-you emails w/in 2days of the lecture. Two midterms, one was a take-home and she let us correct the other for more points. All of the projects are easy if you follow instructions. The final was a series of easy projects
5.0 : It's weird that the last reviewer wrote the class was easy. I thought it was hard. It's not calculus level of hard but it's a lot of work and thinking. One assingment: analyze why a company failed and if i were ceo what i would do. Even though it was only one page it took a long time to research and to brainstorm ways to do better than the real ceo
5.0 : Amazing professor! Super nice and offers help to every student on not only this class, but also general life skills and time management. Tests aren't bad, guest speakers are interesting. Final project had some work to do but overall you can get an A with some work!
5.0 : Great class!! We called it Real Life 101. Tough grader but there's extra credit if you're willing to put in the work you can get an A. Doesn't have favorites which is a welcomed change from other profs at my last school. Treats you like an adult. Not an easy class but worth it because you learn a lot about business and yourself. Great speakers!!
5.0 : Hard class!! I heard this course was an easy A but that must be with a different professor. You need to stay up on the reading assignments otherwise the exam is really hard. Besides being hard, it's a really good class. Not the easy A I was expecting but I learned a lot and would do it again but I wouldn't take other hard classes at the same time!!
5.0 : The most influential teacher in my USC career, absolutely inspiring. She taught me how to be an adult and work in the real world, with ambition and intelligence
5.0 : Great clas!!! We launched a real business in class. Ours didn't do great but I think if we had more than two weeks we could have changed the business model enough to make it survive but we were told we only had two weeks for the selling part since if we had more time it might've started interfering with our other classes. I learned a lot &amp; loved it
5.0 : Best professor I have ever had. She makes class interesting and is on your side. Most understanding professor you will ever take.
5.0 : Definitely one of my favorite professors I've ever had.  Personally didn't think this class was too difficult as long as you put forth the work and study for the tests.  She is one of the most sincerely kind and helpful people I have ever met, and this class will truly prepare you for any business classes in the future!
5.0 : Amini is amazing! She really cares about you and wants you to succeed. This was an Intro to Business class and we learned that, but we did a lot of other assignments on discovering your passion, researching future careers/interviewing people in those fields, and she gives amazing feedback. Definitely take, learn about lots besides just business!
5.0 : This is my favorite class and she is my favorite professor. She's very inspiring, funny, and knowledgable and the guest speakers are great.  The class isn't easy (it's pretty tough) but she lets you correct your test in order to improve your score because she says life is about resilience and persistence, not about being perfect on the 1st  try.
5.0 : Best professor at USC. Textbook is excellent and specialized for scientists and engineers wanting to be entrepreneurs. Incredible guest speakers. Hard class to get an A or A- in unless you dedicate A LOT of time and effort to it. Definitely worth taking.
5.0 : great class!!
5.0 : Learned a lot. Teaches extra stuff like budgeting and stuff you need to know for a successful life which was very helpful. Heavy focus on entrepreneurship - didn't expect that from an intro to biz course but it's my fault for not reading the professor's bio before I signed up. Didn't like the entrepreneurship or accounting stuff but loved the rest.
5.0 : The best professor I have  ever had, hands down. She brings in the most interesting speakers, and gives the most amazing lectures. Projects are intellectually stimulating. She's always there for students who need help on assignments or life advice. Take this class!
5.0 : She's an amazing professor, and really is there fore you.  She's a businesswoman herself and shares personal stories that teach you a lot about business.  This class is a dose of real life. She brings in guest speakers every week that are super helpful. Only 2 exams and they're not hard.  Projects and class style are very innovative and engaging.
5.0 : Amini was one of the best profs I had the pleasure of learning from at USC! Take her classes! she is amazing at what she does and she is more often than not accessible outside of class if you ever need her! Great Professor!
5.0 : Great class, awesome speakers, and amazing professor. My favorite so far. Moderate work load, more thought-intensive not busy work. Real life skills were really useful. I got my internship after the interview skills class which helped a ton.
5.0 : Great class, great prof, terrible textbook. Hopefully the book changes because it's one of those textbooks that's 80% fluff &amp; 20% good info. We launched a business in class and it was awesome but took a lot of time. Budgeting was very useful. I saved up enough since then to go on a snowboarding trip just by saving money on Starbucks &amp; other junk.
5.0 : Great class. Amini knows a lot and will help you with everything. As long as you show up, participate and complete the projects on time you should get a A-. Take her course, she is more worried about you learning the information than the grade she gives you.
5.0 : Amazing professor who truly cares about students and teaches you important life skills like budgeting, how to manage your credit, and so many other things that nobody else teaches you. There was a lot of easy busy work in the class. If you do the work you can def get an A. Lectures are interesting and every guest speaker was great. Take her!
4.5 : Its a Research-oriented course, but good to know the concepts
5.0 : Best Prof in that Dept.
4.0 : Helaine is super nice and helpful. She was very understanding that some parts of the lab course were not very clear and she accommodated accordingly. The tests and quizzes are not the best and do not always align with the reading. Not her fault though. Would definitely take her again as lab professor.
5.0 : Guillermo was easily one of my favorite teachers at USC so far. His teaching can be confusing at times as his lectures tend be more theory than application but he is more than happy to help students during office hours and is never demeaning. He provides practice tests that prepare you well for each midterm, however the final was quite tricky.
4.5 : Very great professor who cares about his students. But for me it was kinda hard to fully focus on his lectures. Go to his office hours if you have any question, and he'll answer 'em all.
5.0 : Guillermo has been one of the sweetest guys I've come across. Teaches well and is ready to go out of his way to help students. Puts in extra credit assignments and the class is heavily curved for everybody's good- the curve pulled up the average by 20 percent. Easy class and not at all hard to get an A. Guillermo is a baller!! Hardly any homework
5.0 : I love Prof Reyes!!!! He is the best and the most caring guy ever.  He holds alot of office hours and try his best to help!! Definitely the best Math teacher I have ever had!! Strongly recommends!
3.5 : His expression is not good with spanish accents. Assignments are not heavy and quizzes prove easy. One thing worth noticing is that he claims to reply all emails ASAP, but it took him over a week to answer my question.
5.0 : I had professor Reyes for Math 226. I believe it was his first time teaching the course. He is an amazing professor and takes the time to make sure you understand the material if you ask a question. Nevertheless, the course is very hard and not an easy A.
5.0 : Very good at explaining concepts
5.0 : One of my favorite profs at SC! Jolly guy. Passionate about teaching, super approachable and very understanding! Clear grading criteria and also gives you extra credit assignments. Attend lecture, ask him if you don't understand anything, and you'll do fine! Also fun guy to have conversation with outside class
3.0 : I don't see what all the hype is with him. He is not that great. In order to do well you have to have done calculus in high school, otherwise you will not get what he is talking about. He only focuses on theories not problems on the test. 2 midterms and a final (really hard). He is not a great teacher. I learned more from the TA.
5.0 : What more could you ask for in a professor? Intelligent, helpful, caring, flexible, all that. Homework and quizzes every Thursday in discussion, and tests are straightforward.
4.0 : Professor Suoto is a great person and an average teacher. I would recommend going to SI sessions and reading the textbook to make sure you understand what's going on, because his lectures can be confusing and more theory than application. He is VERY helpful during office hours. Not a lot of homework. He is a great, funny person.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had in my entire life. He is an amazing teacher, who loves to teach and share what he learned and what he knows with his students in the hope that they can learn to love it too. My friends and I love his mentality, as well as his personality. Super nice person, wants you to understand, and is very respectable.
5.0 : Guillermo is honestly the best math teacher at USC. He is a passionate, kind, and caring professor. His lectures focus more on theory, but he is more than happy to help you understand the material. He gives very minimal homework (5-8 problems a week), and his midterm layout is nearly identical to previous years. Also, you'll love his Cuban accent!
5.0 : All his tests and quizzes are straight forward. Each test follows a very similar format as the previous ones, just with numbers moved around. He will also curve tests to very much in your favor (average 85%). 5 HW problems a week. His lectures are very clear; however, he has that "soothing voice" problem which may make you lose focus.
4.0 : He is relativity easy to understand, he has much better english than most of the math department. His homework is light and quizzes and tests are manageable.
5.0 : Very nice professor and person in general. He is very patient in his office hours and is super approachable. As long as you understand the concepts and follow the example problems he does during lecture the class is not that hard. He curves the test grades generously.
4.0 : Really cares about teaching and ensures that students have a complete understanding of topics. Fairly easy class, if you show up and pay attention, you shouldn't have a problem doing well.
5.0 : I love Dr. Reyes! He really cares about his students and will work with you to help you understand concepts. Always available during his office hours and loves to help you work out examples. His tests are pretty straightforward but can be difficult if you find calc difficult in general.
5.0 : Good at explaining topics and goes through proofs with nice diagrams. He is such a nice teacher and will provide extra credit if asked (which counted toward midterm) and curves our tests to averages of 85% which is extremely generous. Tests were straightforward. Overall an easy class as long as you kept up with homework and did past exams to study.
5.0 : Prof Reyes is wonderful. His lecture is very easy to understand since he gives out proof and examples. HW problems are not easy, but are very good preparation for exams. No pop quiz. He curves each exam and final grade, which is good for the students. It is very easy to communicate with him during class or outside of class via email or office hour.
4.5 : I registered for the course in fall 2013. Good Prof, lectures are clear. He is so helpful, polite and supportive as well. Assignments are though and time consuming but you could learn out of them. Exams are not easy but if you study notes you won't have problem.  TAs are helpful and and organized.
5.0 : Professor Banaei-Kashani is well prepared for lecturing, and has a deep knolwedge on his field. He always try to explain things by giving examples, and his english is perfect. It is easy to follow him during the lecturing, is very responsive to emails, and supportive in the office mettings. I definitely  recommend his classes.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking BUAD306 with Professor Durguner, and would definitely do so again. That being said, it's a difficult class. If you are willing to show up and pay attention during lecture, you'll know the course material very well and get a good grade. The professor tries very hard to give all students the chance to succeed.
5.0 : I really enjoyed Professor Durguner's class this semester. Durguner's lectures are very helpful and clear. Finance in itself is a dense subject but Durguner provides the necessary tools to succeed in finance. She is one of the best professors I have had at USC. Definitely recommend!
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors at USC. I have learned and acquired valuable life skills in this class, from developing a strong work ethic to learning how to use analytical tools to solve a wide variety of problems. This class is hard work, but it definitely pays off. It will change your college career for the better.
4.5 : Professor Durguner is a good professor. Her classes are pretty clear. You need to work really hard for an A.
5.0 : Prof. Durguner is one of my favorite teachers at USC. Her class is extremely challenging (especially the final exam) but if you dedicate the time and effort to working hard you will be rewarding. She is very caring and really wants to see all her students succeed. If you are willing to work hard, her class is worth it.
5.0 : Professor Durguner was so sweet and caring. She also explains things very clearly. She does not take attendance but the material was very hard for me. I tired so hard and end up with a B. Exams are much harder than non-graded problems and homework. Final is cumulative which makes it even harder.
4.0 : Mandatory class if you want to get into Marshall. Professor is great person, but you are all be yourself.
5.0 : The amount of work you put into the class is what you eventually get out of it. As long as you pay attention in class, study the slides and do her practice problems, you will do well in the class.
4.5 : Class was pretty straight forward as long as you attended her lectures and did the practice questions. Practice questions are very similar to actual exam so if you have practice questions down you will get good grades on the exams. Definitely would take again for another econ class
5.0 : Professor Durguner is really kind and caring. While some people find her accent frustrating, the best part of the class is that she provides so many supplemental materials for you to practice problems, which other teachers don't do. If you make use of the practice problems you'll get an A.
5.0 : Seda is one of the best teachers I had last semester. She is dedicated and passionate about the subject and always willing to help. The class was quite difficult but that is standard across all econ351 classes. Review the PPT slides and do the practice problems and you will do well. Seda does more than enough to help students succeed.
5.0 : Trust me, this is the only Seda (or Sena for that matter) review you will ever need.  Are you very good at math? Like high 700's SAT, 4/5 on Calc AB/BC.  If so take Seda FOR SURE.  3 midterms and a final. Not much homework. If not great at math, look at other options, but even still an A is very achievable with enough effort.
5.0 : Don't get me wrong, Professor Durguner is fantastic. Lectures and requirements were very clear. Great teacher. Tough in class policies. However, this is easily the HARDEST class I have ever taken. I went to every lecture and did every assignment, still barely passing the class. You must apply yourself to succeed in this class
5.0 : One of the most rewarding classes I've ever taken. The class is pretty difficult, but she gives you everything you need to succeed in the course. If you put in the effort, you will be rewarded. She is invested in her students and you can tell that she enjoys her work. She is there to help you every step along the way.
4.5 : Honestly one of the toughest class I've taken here at USC. However, she guides you through every problem and step for you to succeed in class. Lectures are not mandatory, but are extremely helpful. She is always willing to stop during the middle of the lecture to clarify any confusing parts. Warm professor with great teaching attitude.
4.0 : She's very strict that it can be off-putting. But she is a great teacher and provides students with all the resources needed to get an A. She clearly states what will be on exams. Exams are a bit harder than nongraded questions. Ask questions personally because she is very good at explaining concepts.
5.0 : Key to her class is diligence. Definitely easy to get overwhelmed with material first time through but doing the practice questions she provides will help. Her lectures can be long but extensively cover the information. She is friendly and willing to help you out if you have questions. An A takes work but not unrealistic. Strongly recommend her.
5.0 : Taking this as your first Econ class ever will make it challenging for you since you'll have to quickly adapt to the Econ mindset and jargon, but once you get used to her style of teaching, you will see an improvement in the latter part of the semester if you follow the lectures and go home &amp; revise what's taught during the lecture. Learned a lot!
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. Materials that she posted on blackboard are very helpful. In order to get A in this class, you must work really hard. Make sure to read the textbook, review the lecture slides, and do the non-graded assignments to pass this class. I guarantee that you will love ECON after taking her class.
5.0 : Professor Seda is simply amazing. She is able to explain difficult concepts with ease. She inspired me to switch from a business major to an econ major. This is not a class for anyone who is not willing to work hard. Hard work and results have an extremely strong correlation. There is no attendance but missing lectures is a big no.
4.5 : Seda is the best professor I had in USC.  She lectures eloquently, and enjoys helping students after her classes or during her office hours.   The course is rigorous. But if you attend every lecture, review all the slides, and do all the practice problem, you will do very well. Your hard work WILL pay off in Seda's class.
5.0 : Microeconomics with Professor Durguner was one of the hardest classes I've ever taken, but with my constant hard work, I was able to pass. Professor Durguner encouraged us students to put in enough effort for the class, and she was always able to answer my questions during her office hours. Try to understand the actual concepts; it will help a lot.
4.5 : Professor Durguner does a great job at explaining the basics of Finance. Her lectures are very helpful. She expects a professional classroom environment. This class is difficult, and the tests are hard. However, she is always there to help her students. If you go to class and do the practice problems weekly, you will get a good grade.
5.0 : Professor Durguner is a great professor who is there for you if you need concepts clarified. With this course, it is important to attend class in order to succeed as she teaches you how to solve problems that will assist you in preparing for her exams. To succeed, it is important to also use the material she provides. Work hard and you can do well.
5.0 : Professor Durguner is very clear and helpful, and explains everything you need to know for this class during lecture, so, even though attendance is not mandatory, you shouldn't miss class. The course is not that hard, but it requires constant studying (lecture slides, textbook, practice questions), which isn't bad considering there's no homework.
5.0 : Prof. Durguner is a great professor! Although the class is hard, Prof. Durguner explains everything very clearly and she enjoys helping students after class or in her office hour. In order to get a decent grade, you have to attend lectures and take good notes. Practice exams and non-graded homework are also very helpful. Hard works do pay off!
4.5 : In order to be successful in this course you need to:                      Read the chapters                      Be attentive and engaged in lecture                      A day or so after lecture do the chapter practice problems                      Keep this up weekly or it will kill you It is not difficult to get an A. You reap what you sow.
5.0 : Professor Durguner is great! She explained lecture notes clearly, and always there to help. Do the practice questions and review the lecture notes. Make sure you really KNOW and UNDERSTAND the content in the lecture notes, then the test will not be hard at all.
5.0 : Seda is not only a wonderful teacher, but a great person. Her tests are tough, but if you do the practice problems and review the lecture notes and REALLY understand them, then you will be fine. This class is the hardest I've taken at USC, and it requires a lot of attention. Do not take this class if you're looking for an easy A. Lectures are clear
5.0 : Seda is a really nice professor and truly wants her students to succeed. HOWEVER, if you are a busy student, meaning you don't have time to spend weekly hours studying for her class don't take it. Her tests are very hard and not straightforward at all. Although you can probably end with an A, I don't think the stress of her class is worth it. Avoid
5.0 : Micro is a really tough class but with a combination of your effort and Durguner's help, you can still succeed. So, don't skip class because her lectures are very thorough and covers all the material you'll need to know. Also make sure to understand the practice questions and lecture slides. Without that, the tests will be near impossible
5.0 : Truly one of the most sincere professors I've had at USC - after the first midterm, she wrote individual comments for every student to ensure that they knew exactly how to improve on their study habits and perform better in her class. She knows the class is tough, but she works as hard to provide us with the opportunities to succeed.
5.0 : Seda was probably my favorite professor from freshman year. If you go to class prepared and you do the work you will get an A without a doubt. A lot of people complain about her class but it is because she expects a lot of you which isn't a bad thing. It is a lot of work but I have learned so much and I am so thankful she was my Econ teacher.
4.0 : Prof. Durguner is super nice and helpful. Her tests are tough, but as long as you put effort in your study and ask her questions during office hours, you should be fine. Definitely don't skip lectures. It's probably the most challenging class I took in that semester. Maybe that's why I feel rewarded after passing the class.
5.0 : She really wants her students to succeed and do well in the class, but she won't make it easy for u. She gives you all the tools u need to do well in class the rest is up to you to put in the time to study a lottt. Go to her office hours! She seems strict at first but once you get used to her rules it actually helps u pay better attention in class
4.5 : The professor really helped me with not only ECON 351 but the entire class I took in the semester. It was her who inspired me a lot about my attitude toward studying.
1.0 : Worked so hard in this class only to end up doing poorly. Did everything that she recommended but simply could not pass her tests. Tests are extremely extremely in depth. Would not recommended.
3.5 : She is a great professor that makes the materials very easy to understand. Her lecture slides are very organized. She wants to make sure everyone performs well in her class, so she does her best to prepare you for classes or tests.
5.0 : she's not that bad, but it's a hard class
3.0 : She explained concepts very well. She went through the lecture slides carefully and slowly. The ungraded assignments are very similar to exam questions, so as long as those are done, you should be fine with any midterms or exams. But you will have to wait for a long time to step into her office hour because she just took one/two student at a time.
5.0 : Her class policy do help you to learn effectively. You can ask whatever yo don't understand after lecture or at Office Hour time. If you follow her suggestions on preparing for exams and homework, you will earn a good grade.
5.0 : Professor Durguner  is a wonderful professor! Rumor has it that her tests are relatively hard. However, the teaching and the materials clearly matched with the exams. It is just that the exams really test your understanding of concepts and theories. Teaching is clear and interesting. Personality is kind and caring. Will take her if possible.
5.0 : I love this course and would definitely take that again. The professor has strict class rules but once you become accustomed to that, you will really learn something useful from her. The pre-lecture quiz helps you better prepare for the class and you'd better participate in every class since there are always important notes to be taken.
5.0 : Professor Durguner gives you all of the tools you need to do well in her class. By doing all of the non-graded assignments, you will be very successful. Understanding the content in lectures is important, but with the help of the non-graded assignments, you learn and understand what is covered in the midterms and final exams.
5.0 : I really love this class. I like the way Professor taught the class, the slides were really helpful as well as all the quiz and non-graded assignment. It helped me understand the material well and kept pace with the classes. Even though the midterms were hard, I like to be challenged, and I like the feeling of  getting better gradually.
4.5 : Prof Durguner is challenging but, by setting high expectations, she makes you work hard. She presented the info clearly and I learned A LOT from her class. It made me love Econ. It was a lot of work and her tests were hard, but it was rewarding b/c of the challenge. She cares about her students and would stay after class to answer all questions.
4.0 : Well structured class by a very knowledgeable professor. If you practice the material she provides, you'll do well in the class
4.0 : True, the tests aren't easy if  you only study on the day before the test and the 2-hr-long lecture may be little overwhelming at times. But the powerpoint slides and Professor Seda's clear explanation are REALLY helpful to an easy A. Go to her office hours and she'd be more than willing to help. Complain less, don't skip classes and be persistent
5.0 : I really love her class. She is just an amazing instructor! I would say many of the students who rate "poor" are not fair. To be honest, Seda's PPT are the best material to study for(I did not have the textbook ). Also, don't skip her classes and remember to do the practice questions every time you finish each chapter. Then I bet you would be fine!
4.0 : Seda is a very kind woman, and well learned. She has a PhD in Applied Economics and she knows her stuff. Be respectful and she will return the favor. This class is honestly pretty easy. No assignments, just exams and quizzes. She provides practice questions for each chapter, which you REALLY should work on at home if you want to do well.
4.5 : Economics at USC is a weed-out course to get in the business school and is a tough class, regardless of what kind of student you are. Make the commitments, take the class seriously and the professor will take you seriously. Pay attention in lectures and do the practice questions. Durguner does more than enough to make herself available for help.
5.0 : Great professor, class is tough though because of Marshall curve
5.0 : Professor Durguner explains concepts clearly.
4.0 : She is a great professor if you have the will and time to work really hard. Additionally, if you really want to go into the details of Econ and learn it well, she is your choice. But, her final this semester was brutal. The questions were way harder compared to ones on the midterm.
5.0 : Professor Durguner makes it as easy as possible for her students to succeed, providing lecture slides and practice questions that prepare you well for her tests. Her lectures are comprehensive and are much easier to understand than the textbook readings. As long as you take advantage of her resources and show up to class, you will do well.
4.0 : Professor Durguner's teaching style is very thorough and attending lectures is required to have a good grasp of the material. She makes herself available for questions outside of class and cares about her students' success. I'd highly recommend her.
5.0 : Truly learned econ with professor Durguner. She has lectures slides and non-graded practice problems for every chapter, which are similar to exams. Print those slides out. Nothing much here is mandatory, including the attendance, but if you truly pay attention to class and take full advantage of those resources, you will be able to do well.
5.0 : Professor Durguner gives tips for success that truly work on day 1 (listen!). She is dedicated, clearly explains material, and goes at a slow enough pace to ensure that everyone understands what she is doing. The material is not easy and the tests certainly are not either - but this is meant to give you a comprehensive understanding!
4.0 : Since I learnt AP Econ before, it's quite easy  to follow up.  Professor Durguner has pretty nice slides and once you really understand the slides, you are half way to top scores. Additionally, she has pretty strict rules in class, which prevent any distractions from happening. Sometimes, however, the class progression can be a little bit slow.
5.0 : Mandatory class in business school, and her class is clear and specific. Although the tests are tough, there are many review materials and she is there for you.
4.5 : She's an extremely good professor. Her lectures are extremely helpful because she teaches the concepts and then gives us time to solve problems during class lectures as well. She also gives us non-graded assignments that we can work on in order to score well on her exams. If she taught other finance classes, I would take her class again.
5.0 : Professor Durguner explains every concept quite clearly and her slides really help. Her tests are tough but if you spend time reading her slides carefully and understand each concept then you can receive high grades. Getting an A is not so hard.
5.0 : Durguner is a great professor who is friendly and really tries to make sure that you understand the material, especially when you ask her questions. Make sure to follow her advise and don't try to cram everything the day before the tests. Her lectures are straightforward and correlates with what is tested.
5.0 : Personally, I love Seda very much. She is very responsible for each of her classes and students. We have class slides, pre-lecture quizzes, after-class assignments and three exams. Even we have a heavy working load, it is definitely worth it as a basic business class . Professor Sade is caring for students and she tries her best to achieve that.
5.0 : Prof. Durguner is one of the most straightforward professors I have ever had - clear grading criteria, class schedule, and lecture notes laid out from the very first minute of class, which really helped us learn and mitigated any unnecessary confusion. Decent amount of work, but as long as you put in the effort, an A is definitely attainable.
4.0 : Prof. Durguner is the best! As long as you come to class, pay attention to her lectures, and do the non-graded assignments prior to the tests, you'll be fine. She is very clear in her expectations and truly wants you to succeed!
4.0 : Exams are 3 separate 10 paged papers that the TA's grade. The structure of the course is very manageable and a good grade is completely dependent on how much work you put into your essays. He posts the readings on Blackboard, so there is no required textbook. Lecture itself can be dry and slow at times but clear and easy to follow
4.5 : Take this class if you like writing and don't want to take midtermsfinals! This class is only THREE 10 page papers, which are graded by the TAs. Professor Lim is VERY clear, helpful, and intelligent--he is an excellent professor that really knows a lot about sociology and globalization. Workload isn't bad. Take good notes to help w the essays!
5.0 : Professor Geng is a really genuine person and clearly wants the students to do well. There's a rumor that everyone gets a 'C' on their first WRIT 150 paper, which isn't true. Professor Geng is definitely willing to help and loves helping you work your way through your ideas for a paper. Peer reviews will make you question how some people got in.
4.0 : Prof. Geng is really sweet; my class was particularly difficult because everyone in the room visibly expressed hatred towards WRIT 150. Given that, she did a good job to try to make it interesting. She's very caring and nice, plus is always available for office hours. She also gives good feedback. Fair marker, too.
5.0 : Prof Geng is one of those teachers who genuinely wants her students to learn and pass. She's really enthusiastic about her subject and is totally open to you coming and asking for help, really not judgmental about asking stupid questions. Do the reading she assigns, because she always gives you homework on it after. V fair marker, and a good class.
4.0 : Professor Alexander is passionate about teaching and giving out great resources you can use for your practicum. I felt like she was too nice on the grading.  Her lectures require the student being involved in answering questions, so I would recommend reading the material and doing the weekly assignments.
5.0 : Professor Alexander is really friendly, professional, and blends the two together very well in each class. She comes prepared to teach and helps you learn the material in a way that is helpful to you as an individual and a future professional. She was very generous in her grading, and in my opinion my papers should have been scored a little harder.
4.5 : Batchler is amazing.  Attendance is mandatory, but that's to be expected since it's only once a week. Only one midterm and one final -- both a piece of cake if you showed up to class (which you did cause you had to). And don't be intimidated by the 4-hour class, it flies by. A bit redundant but all in all such a cool, easy class. Take it for sure!
4.5 : I loved this class
3.5 : A very fun 2 unit course! You watch a movie every week and discuss the story structure afterwards. The movies are all really good movie. Very chill, and the midterm and the final are not hard at all.
4.5 : Overall a very fun class. Lectures are held once a week, and you watch a film every class and then go over it after. The screenings are awesome, and even if you do not know much about screenwriting, it really opens up thought about the movies we watch. It is a fun, 2 unit course that dives into screenwriting. Would recommend!
4.0 : Good stories about life in the industry and how what is taught relates to what we do in class. If you can manage your time well you get an A. It's a 400 level class he doesn't spoon feed you - that's for sure! There's no textbook because they don't exist so you've got to pay attention to lecture.
5.0 : He runs this class like a business - my semester was rough, there were people in the class who probably shouldn't have been waived in which meant the class needed to cover basic stuff - not his fault, but sounds like the other review here was from someone in my class. If you pace yourself, the class is easy, if you wait until the last minute, pain
5.0 : I took Mac and Mobile, both good. Lots of war stories and good tangents. The material can sometimes be daunting but as long as you pay attention in class and ask the right questions, it is a breeze.  You can do most of the work in class during lab time.  Just stay on top of it and remember to submit all the labs as those are easy points.
5.0 : I love how he tells stories from his real experiences! It can be a hard class if you don't pay attention and it was mostly hard for me because it was later in the evening. Pierson is a really cool guy and I really like taking his classes.   There isn't a textbook that exists for this material - so his lectures count as the textbook in my mind.
1.5 : Material was not organized, work balance was very uneven throughout the semester. Came out of the class knowing some basics and how to press buttons on some tools but not really how everything works.
5.0 : Does an excellent job making the class as accessible as possible.  If you have any desire to even pay the slightest attention during class  you will do well during class. The labs are not very difficult and Pierson is more than willing to help in any way he can.
5.0 : Great professor, really interesting class, I really enjoyed it! I am now interested in cyber security / forensics as a possible career. Also this is a great introductory course to lead into IT minors - I wish I took this class as an underclassman so I had time to minor in it.
5.0 : He honestly felt like an older brother. He helped me get a very firm understanding of cyber security and forensics and how it applies to mobile devices. He brings guest lecturers and they are super awesome people. Class material can be tricky so DON'T SKIP CLASS! Likes to crack jokes and makes the class feel like a room full of good friends.
5.0 : The single best teacher I've had at USC. I took his class 2 semesters ago now, and as I was looking for a new class realized he deserved the praise. He's engaging, super intelligent, and creates a really awesome environment in the classroom. It was a class where everyone talked and he just pushed us that much further. Tough but, he's the man.
5.0 : I have taken 10 art history classes at USC and AHIS 370 is my favorite class. Dr. Thomas is engaging when it comes to lectures and is absolutely clear on the material in addition to the assignmentslectures. His investments and affiliations will become your investmentsaffiliations simply because he is that excellent and inspiring.
5.0 : Mike is a good guy. He will take as much time with you to help you learn the concepts as you need. Not a 5 easiness because EE in general is not easy but Mike makes it as clear as possible.
5.0 : Honestly best teacher I've taken for my major (Sophomore). He knows his material well. We used lecture materials and we didn't even use a book. His test are pretty much from his homework and labs. Find a good study partner, this will significantly help with your grade. Also form study groups with other students. That helps also.
4.0 : Mike made a tough class fun to be in. I would take again.
4.0 : Mike made a tough class fun to be in.
4.5 : Great guy
5.0 : Fun class. Helped out and made time outside office hours/class time. Offers industry insight and relates material to current tech.
4.5 : Good professor, very friendly and down to earth. Good lectures, fair tests. Worked on pace with Redekopp's class (same material). Explains every concept that you need to know. You'll need some initial EE background to keep on pace. His class was slightly challenging but you'll quickly adapt to his style. Made extra effort to meet outside of class
5.0 : 3 assignments, 2 midterms and 1 final. Assignments involved coding and were good. Exams were moderate-hard level. Made concept easy to understand and you don't require to open the textbook at all, if u listen to his lectures. Overall a very good professor.
4.0 : The assignments are hard. The grading criteria for assignments is rigid and it is essential to get each of the test cases working.
4.5 : One of the top professors at USC.
5.0 : Great Prof.  .. Great class.. The assignment are tough.. 50 test cases to pass.. if  all passed, then 100 points.. if even one fails, then 50-N points (NNo of test cases failed).. Exams are good.. But small question may carry huge weight-age.. So if you make a silly mistake, you will loose huge chunk of the grade..
4.5 : Great and fair professor.
5.0 : Knows his stuff. Very inspirational.
4.0 : Great professor. Makes concepts very clear.
2.0 : Lectures were boring. Sleep inducing. He should use pen/paper or blackboard to teach instead of going through the slides. Though loved his assignments.
1.0 : Lectures were fine, exams were reasonable, but assignments were tedious and pointless. Poorly designed. If you fail any test case, you automatically get -50% on your grade for that hw. You have to do well on exams if you want to do well in this class.
4.5 : Fantastic professor. His slides are amazing and more than enough to pass the exam. Exams are application based and asks only problems. Just practice all the algorithms he did in the class and you are there.
5.0 : One of the great professors at USC. Beware of the grading pattern of the homework. 100 if all the test cases are correct and 50-n (n  number of incorrect cases) if at least one of them is failing. This is because of, as he calls it, "A bogus piece of code" :P
5.0 : Looking forward to take up another course of his!
5.0 : He goes through the materials very fast, but if you are interested in AI and looking for a through but interesting introduction to the field, it could be one of your most cherished decisions to take this course with Prof. Itti.
3.0 : Lectures are boring and you see strength reducing as semester progresses. Assignments are more like programming questions and you soon realize that its not a proper AI course. Less emphasis on core AI. Exams are pretty predictive ans same set of questions repeated. Expect finals to be very tough.
5.0 : Knowledgable, creative, funny, engaging. wants you to learn and succeed, caring Enthusiastic  Challenging. I think anyone who is not in the art department looks at art as an "easy" class until they take art. I've taken ceramic courses before, but not one holds a candle to Professor Queen's curriculum. She got to be familiar with everyone.
5.0 : Katie is a FANTASTIC professor! i really enjoyed her class. you will have to work but you will learn a lot about ceramics. its definitely worth taking and again, Katie is one of the greatest.
4.0 : Good teacher, took class for art requirement.  It was fun and I really did'nt have to work outside of class.  I would take her class again.
4.5 : One of my favorite teachers at USC thus far.  Writing 150 isn't an enjoyable class but he makes it worth while and thought provoking.  Not an easy A but he is very helpful and looks for improvement and takes that into consideration when giving you a grade.  Highly recommend
5.0 : Dr. Dan is the definition of an excellent professor! He genuinely cares about his students and their educations. Though he pushes you, you end up improving greatly in your writing. Clearly very intelligent and caring guy. Made WRIT-140 a lot of work (when isn't it?), but it is still one of my fave classes bc it was so rewarding.
3.5 : Dr. Dan is a cool dude, I have never had to write more in any one class. I've talked to friends in different sections of Writ 150, and they don't have nearly as many written assignments/short papers. Overall, he's an intelligent, interesting, and funny guy, but he will make you work (and your grade probably won't even reflect your hard work).
5.0 : Amazing professor! His lectures are funny, engaging, and interesting! The readings are also relevant and enjoyable.  It's easy to talk with him after class on social issues and economic topics you're interested in too. He gives a lot of useful feedback for each paper and is really invested in your success.
5.0 : Dr Dan is a very cool professor; he's extremely knowledgeable about many topics, and succeeds in engaging the students with new content each week. Even though I've really enjoyed the class, he is a tough grader. It's very hard to get an A , especially because he wants specific things that aren't always clear, but he's very helpful in office hours.
5.0 : WRIT150 is a class where who your professor is really determines the difficulty/grading criteria/homework/basically everything. That being said, I genuinely enjoyed Dr. Dan's class. He's a pretty tough grader, but his feedback is very clear and helpful and I feel I actually became a much better writer after his class. Would recommend!
4.5 : As a student who doesn't enjoy writing, Dr. Dan was one of the few teachers who truly inspires you to find the deeper meaning in what you are truly trying to say. The class is not easy, but going to his office hours with specific questions will render you helpful tips on how to better format and structure you're essay. Also, he's pretty attractive.
4.5 : Prof. Dan made this challenging course enjoyable and doable. He was always available to help with essays and gave really helpful feedback.  He made every effort to connect with us beyond the classroom, earning my (and others') respect for him. Certainly taught not only writing lessons but life lessons as well. Not an easy A, but Writ150 never is!
4.5 : Didn't know what to make of him first class, actually quirkyfunny and intelligent. Definitely glad I got him for this course
4.0 : This guy is great. Class is super laid-back and easy. No tests. Minimal homework. Super funny, dry sense humor. Most important: he will def make you a better public speaker, no matter how good (or bad) you are.
3.5 : This guy is great! And he's hilarious; very dry.  Easiest and most fun class @ USC. He doesn't take attendance, but it's a small class, so he gets to know you after a while. No tests. No quizzes. No book. Little-to-no homework. But he will make you a better public speaker--no matter your skill level. Take this class. You're welcome.
5.0 : Prof. McClain is fantastic. He was able to teach about speaking and writing without making it boring! His exercises were fun and hilarious, and I truly felt like I learned more about public speaking and writing from him. He is a bit quirky, but a very good teacher as well. As long as you go to class most of the time you'll be fine. Papers are easy.
5.0 : Stays late even after his office hours till a student gets his questions cleared! His lab and office hours are cool!
5.0 : NB is one of the best professors I've had. She is extremely helpful and genuinely wants her students to do well. Definitely go to every lecture because that could bite you at the end since attendance counts (my issue). If you're going to class, there's no reason you won't do well.
5.0 : Enjoyed her class, she made it very interesting. However, it felt like the grading was very difficult proportional to the work.
5.0 : Easy A if you show up and participate. Tests are very similar to exercises done in class. NB is nice to look while her lectures may be a bit boring.
5.0 : I've had two classes with Dr. Bragadir and I've loved them both. She's one of the most approachable and friendly teachers I've ever had, and she truly seems to care that the students succeed. She even pointed me to a program that enabled me to spend part of the summer in Argentina. I always recommend her to my friends looking for a Spanish class.
5.0 : Best Spanish teacher I have ever had.
5.0 : Dr. Bragadir is kind &amp; helpful (also HOT)! She speaks Spanish clearly, at a pace that is easy to understand. She's a lenient grader, and understands if you suck at Spanish or have other higher-priority classes to attend to. She does require portfolios (field trips), requiring Spanish use outside class, around parts of LAwhich can be inconvenient.
5.0 : Really enjoyed NB and her class. It's set up for students to succeed in even if Spanish isn't your strong suit and she really cares about her students. Can definitely get an A if you work hard and go to class. Would recommend to any kid trying to fulfill the language requirement.
5.0 : Amy is the best teacher ever. She is attractive, smart, and funny. I heard she does improv at Second City. We should all go to her shows. I also heard she has a really attractive apprentice.
5.0 : Great teacher
4.5 : This was my first semester at USC, and Ms. Silverberg was by far the best teacher I had! She is so sweet and fun. Apart from being really nice, her lessons and personal experience as a writer made her class so much more interesting and helpful than your average mandatory class. Sounds corny but she influenced me to declare English as my major
5.0 : I LOVE HER. Take her class, it doesn't matter which topic the class is. Take her class.
5.0 : Literally the greatest writing teacher ever. I hate writing papers but I found myself enjoying it in this class and wanting to progress as a writer. She's very passionate about writing and super cool. I actually looked forward to this class. Most people complain about this class but I'm sad its over.
5.0 : Amy is by far one of my favorite professors here at USC. She is so funny and is so chill. She's down to Earth and is so there for each and every single one of her students. She's so inspiring and she really makes the class worthwhile. I always came to class and enjoyed every moment of it. TAKE THIS CLASS WITH AMY! I learned a lot and like writing!!
5.0 : The best. Take her class. You won't regret it.
5.0 : Honestly I became a better writer in this class, and it snuck on me because I was having such a good time. Even though she's hilarious and laid-back, I probably learned more about writing in one semester then all of high school.
5.0 : I continue to think about this class long after. I still think about stuff Amy said about writing. Really inspiring. Also, I still consult her about writing and she's so available and helpful. She's just the best.
4.5 : Amy is quite possibly the best writing 150 teacher USC  has to offer. She is kind, understanding, and very very often willing to work with you to improve your paper. She sees us students as adults and treats as us such, something you definitely won't find with other writ150 TAs. Her teaching style is relaxed and fun, prepare for lots of laughs!
5.0 : This is an eye-opening and inspiring class, one of the best I've taken.
5.0 : How can a class on domestic violence be so good and not depressing ??
5.0 : I took her for DV. She's great! So many new things I've learned. TAKE HER!
5.0 : Professor Swart is an inspirational gem. She is so caring and compassionate for her students, listening and providing feedback when necessary. Instead of criticizing papers, she points out your strengths and small areas of improvement. She is somebody who I hope to continue to learn from next semester in another offered course. Highly recommend!
5.0 : What a wonderful woman and professor! She is educated, knowledgable and experienced in the field and is superbly genuine and kind. Her lectures are interesting, she is respectful and encourages class discussion. She is always positive, even in her grading and feedback on papers. Great Professor!
5.0 : This was an eye opening course! The Professor is a true advocate and is able to teach on topics that are almost too heinous to speak on! Simply amazing experience and would definitely take her again. She is caring, and outlines her grading material very well. Follow the rubric and you'll get an A! One of the best courses I've taken
5.0 : I am grateful to have taken this class about international social work and policy. I would take this professor again.
5.0 : This class opened my eyes.  Global Violence Against Women should be a required course :)
5.0 : Professor Swart is phenomenal.
4.5 : This class opened my eyes to a really hard topic but I am so glad I took the course.
5.0 : Martin is awesome. Hilarious and laid-back guy who really helps you learn while making the class painless and fun. Love the guy, best professor I've had, you have to take his class.
5.0 : Great teacher. Time flies by in his class, and he teaches the material well. He makes learning as easy and straightforward as possible, and he is also a really nice guy.
5.0 : Martin is easily the best Span 220 Professor out there! His classes usually let out early and are never boring! He makes Spanish fun, entertaining and easy. He strays a little bit from the syllabus and makes the class more fun than most. Ultimately, he is an excellent teacher and you learn way more Spanish in his class than most others Span 220s!
5.0 : Fantastic professor, he understands that Spanish is required for almost everyone so he makes it a really easy, fun, but still informative class.
5.0 : He's a solid professor!! I find the lectures to be a little boring, but probably because I've decided to drop my spanish minor so I just don't really care about the class anymore. Not a super hard grader, prepares you with harder material in class than what is on the exams. Exams are not bad. Also I never did the homework and was totally fine
5.0 : Martin is the man. If you put the work in, he will definitely reward you for it in the end. He has great ways of integrating culture into whatever you are specifically learning, and he has a unique approach to the class that relies partially on the book, but more so your participation. You'll understand the grammar much better after, just take him
5.0 : TAKE, TAKE, TAKE, 100% TAKE! Martin is incredible, hilarious, and has such a great character. He made Spanish III a fun and interactive class where I honestly felt happy going to each time.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR! Martin was one of the best teachers I had at SC, overall an amazing professor and super easy class! Easy grader, don't have to do the homework, study a little if you're pretty good at spanish and its an easy A.
5.0 : THE BEST SPANISH PROFESSOR IN THE WORLD. This guy wants you to actually learn Spanish in a meaningful way. I had taken 4 years of Spanish in high school and 2 in college and didn't know anything, but with just 1 of his class I got an A and was able to travel abroad the next semester. Super easy A, fun class, great teacher, and test are easy.
4.5 : Martin makes class super fun, and he tells you exactly what will be on the tests (his SPAN220 is much easier than other ones). Great teacher, easy class as long as you study for tests.
4.0 : Good professor, although I wish the class was harder. Exams are long (about 3 hours) but straightforward.
4.5 : loved it.
5.0 : I didn't know what to expect when i first enrolled, because its a law class in the school of engineering. I was amazed to discover how though-provoking and interesting the class was. The was truly the best class i took in undergrad.
5.0 : Benny is the best professor I have ever had. He has amazing insight into so many subject matters and is fascinating to listen to. I would accompany him often after class and discuss a range of issues with him. His insight is always valuable.
5.0 : I cant recommend this class/professor more strongly. It is life-changing.
5.0 : Great teacher, interesting, fascinating. Has the best stories about criminal cases he has handled. A remarkable class.
5.0 : great teacher and love him. he's so much fun in class.
5.0 : This should be a mandatory class at USC. Although it taught me legal concepts, i feel i took away much more than that. It taught me about life in general, politics and social structures. This was definitely the most valuable class ive taken toward enriching my perspectives.
4.0 : EASC150 is about liturature in a very specific region in Japan during a specific time, dont think it is all south east asia. Good teacher, just not my kind of subject, great personality.
4.5 : His speed of speaking is approporiate for everyone to take notes. Films are good and lectures are overall interesting. Readings are heavy for a freshman and sometimes TAs make quizzes difficult or confusing.
5.0 : It is his first year in USC and Professor Webb is probably one of the best professors I will ever have in USC. He is knowledgeable of  the topic and extremely approachable. We would sometimes divert from course materials and engage in very captivating conversations about cultural differences. Quizzes are easy essays are harder but doable.
5.0 : My favorite teacher at USC. Love this guy. I didn't want the class to end.
1.5 : Tough grader. Lot of readings that are essential to getting a good grade. Reading quizzes every week that are graded on very specific criteria. Not an easy A GE
5.0 : There is a lot of reading that is essential to get a good grade and a RIDICULOUS 10 page paper final!!!!! Firm on the page length too. Overall, very easy GE if you, at the very least,  skim the readings. He is very kind and passionate about the subject.
5.0 : Professor Webb is fantastic! If you are looking for an interesting, relatively straightforward, and manageable class, take this course with Professor Webb. He has a great personality and definitely cares about his students.
5.0 : Overall great GE class to take if it's with Prof Webb! Very easy and straightforward. Lots of reading, but it's a GEhe actually assigned half the amount of reading the last professor who taught this course did. Your experience depends on your TA. Some got one who wasn't approachable, confusing, and didn't return quizzes. Shop around for a good TA!
2.5 : Professor Webb lectures like your goofy uncle on Thanksgiving talking about something he finds incredibly interesting but everyone else doesn't really get. There's a lot of reading with quizzes on them every week. The TAs look for very specific answers so if you have to be very careful about phrasing.
5.0 : This was the best class I've taken so far. Professor Webb is extremely passionate about this subject, and he gets his students excited, too. There are a lot of readings, and you definitely have to do them, but they're interesting and I ended up learning a lot. Take this professor if you get the chance; I'm so happy I did.
5.0 : Professor Webb is very passionate and knowledgeable about his field. The reading can get very heavy, but still manageable (even for engineering majors). I am extremely introverted but was still comfortable with participating in class discussions. Reasonable grader, especially on midterm. Quizzes are easy if you read the material. Interesting class!
5.0 : Definitely one of the best professors I've had thus far. Had engaging lectures that really helped understanding of harder Japanese texts. He offers to skype students, and has really fast response times on email. He sincerely cares about what he teaches, which really shows.
5.0 : Great professor. Bit more reading but seriously not much and many texts are easy reads. Very easy-going, and really cares about students. Never be afraid to ask a question or make an argument.
5.0 : Learned a lot! Professor Webb's class is great with lots of class discussions. Some of the readings were longer than others. But he is very reasonable, relatable, and understanding. The discussions were always interesting and fun. I always enjoyed going to his class.
3.0 : His final test is a hard one and maybe it might be because his lectures are too vague. Also I'm not too sure how he grades our presentations. Didn't really learn anything from this class. Avoid this class if you can.
2.5 : He's alright. Definitely a cool dude, someone you'd say Hey to outside of class. But the class itself is a different story. 5 presentations. 1 final. His lectures are vague when it comes to the final. I don't think he grades all that fair either. But overall, he's a cool dude and the class is enjoyable.
4.5 : makes the class fun, young prof
5.0 : Hands down best 302 professor at USC.
5.0 : It's been a year since I've had Bacci and I still think he's the best professor I've had at SC! If you show you care and are working in his class, he'll like you and do his best to help you do well. The book helps supplement the lectures. Really fun guy and great stories and life advice. I'd definitely take him again!
4.5 : Amazing teacher! Lectures are fun and entertaining. 4 presentations all semester and one MC final, not bad at all if you put in a little effort. Just show up and take some notes, the fact that he's beautiful doesn't hurt either.
5.0 : Hands down the best business comm professor at USC. I learned a ton in his class and had fun doing it. He's incredibly smart but probably the funniest prof I've had at Marshall. Really takes kids from zero to one
5.0 : Professor Bacci was one of the best professor's I have ever had. Not only does he teach the course material, he also throws in practical and useful tips that he has learned throughout his various other careers. I honestly would not be surprised if he ended up being the President one day. He is an actor just like Reagan. Must take for 302 #TFMintern
4.5 : Bacci is the man! Class was always super fun to go too. He's young and has work experience in a ton of different fields. He also gives students so much advice about what to expect in business and life. 4 presentations, 2 are group. A few funeasy assingments. Final was HARD oddly enough. I'd definitely take again
1.5 : I didn't enjoy his class at all, despite it not being a difficult one. He comes off as pompous and his lectures are incredibly unhelpful. I get that he's young and personable, and I don't have a problem with him as a person, just don't expect to learn anything from the guy, and definitely don't expect to get much out of his lectures.
4.0 : Very passionate about what he was talking about. Lectures were very fun and entertaining. Definitely recommend it but you have to work for your grades, not the easiest grader at all.
4.0 : He's super passionate about what he was talking about. Lectures were very fun and entertaining. Definitely recommend it but you have to work for your grades, not the easiest grader at all.
5.0 : He is just so great. He makes the entire idea of education substantial and meaningful.
5.0 : Prof. Elefano is probably the best professor you could take at USC. He takes his job as a professor extremely seriously and values each and everyone of his students. Take him if you get the chance.
5.0 : Great freakin dude. take his pre law 340 class
5.0 : He's by far the best professor at USC. He genuinely cares about his students, and always provides valuable feedback to make sure that we improve our writing. Although the class is terrifying at first, it's an incredible class, and he always makes it entertaining. You should definitely take it, even if you're not considering law school!
5.0 : This guy is amazing! Naturally, I don't like writingenglish because I'm a STEM major but his prelaw class made me love it! This guy is really inspirational, and he uses his creative writing skills to construct the background of the assignments and has us apply real law cases to it! He really cares about his students as well. MUST TAKE!!!
5.0 : Best professor I've had a USC.
5.0 : Actually made me want to become a lawyer. I hated writing, but he changed everything. Absolutely incredible guy.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers at USC! Does an amazing job, you will learn so much even if you have zero interest in the law or law school!! I loved his class, looked forward to it each week and he takes the time to get to know you. He is an awesome teacher and you will learn a ton. Best WRIT 340 class!!!!!
5.0 : One of my favorite classes! Elefano makes legal writing fun &amp; he creates the most open and encouraging environment. Everyone in the class becomes really close since it is small, and we all look forward to going!! The office hours are the best part. He is always willing to meet and help with anything--even stuff not related to class. Great professor
5.0 : Hands down best law professor at USC. He truly cares for his students success ands pushes his students to produce there highest work. Although his class has a lot of work and is challenging, it is well worth the struggle and time put into it. He's so amazing that he writes each student personalized messages last day of class. Elefano is da man!
5.0 : Prof. Elefano's writing class is probably the best you can take out of all of the writing courses offered. Even if you're not interested in law I would highly recommend the class. He really loves each and every student and believes in everyone to get better. Coursework is not that difficult either and you get almost a month off with workshops.
5.0 : Take his class. I completely agree with the previous comments. He's a guy that could change the course of your life - I'm now considering law as a career too.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC. Understands and respects his students. Made what would otherwise be a tedious GE into an enjoyable experience.  Workload was surprisingly light with only a few papers and no serious reading. Very fair grader. Class usually ended early, along with a month's worth of peer-review sessions and half-attendance weeks.
5.0 : I'm a film production major and this was one of the best and most useful classes I have ever taken. Elefano makes you work HARD but earns your respect through his sharp wit, kind spirit, honest critique, and his amazing writing skills. At the end of our class he wrote personalized thank yous to every kid. That's the kind of guy he is.
5.0 : Great professor! Very passionate and really care about his students. His advices in the conferences are really valuable. I would never imagine myself enjoying a writing class before college, but Professor. Elefano is one of those professors that makes you feel paying 60k a year to USC is worth it.
5.0 : Elefano cares about each of his students in a way that I've never seen. And in three years at USC, I've yet to have a professor as intellectually sharp as him. If your looking to grow from a challenge, take him. If your looking for an easy class, don't.
5.0 : As a student of Professor Man's first class, I had no idea what a GE was like at USC. Turns out I had one of the best.  Professor Man was an amazing lecturer and person.  His class was incredibly engaging and interesting which in turn made the assignments easy.  You could easily get away without reading and just studying his lectures.
5.0 : I attended Professor Man's first class at USC in my first semester. He is super helpful, really passionate about his lectures and puts history in new and interesting perspectives. Be prepared to read a lot for discussions, but his lectures are plenty for the exams. Do the work, easy A.
5.0 : i expected the lectures to be boring but they were actually not bad. The professor is very clear about what you need to know, gives great "take-aways" for each lecture, and doesn't use the whole class period. Midterm isn't terrible (he gives essays ahead of time) but final paper is long. Overall a really good professor and not too hard to get an A
4.5 : Professor Man really makes the effort to engage students in class. You can tell he really cares to be well-prepared and wants to send relate history to contemporary issues- many of which we seem to overlook. Definitely recommend any of his classes.
4.5 : Student Friendly Professor.
5.0 : This professor is the best one I have ever met in my study. And he seems really know the class material and everything. He's research is also amazing.
5.0 : A respectful professor and a really good teacher.
5.0 : Great professor!
5.0 : You will feel very lost in this course. This course is required and really pointless. You pretty much lose interest in EE after this course due to the material. The professor is really nice and really cool. He is a USC graduate. He curves a lot.
5.0 : Love him
5.0 : I love this guy. He's funny  And extremely hot
5.0 : I love Patrick Nasiatka. He is the best. I wish he could be my professor for all four years!!!!!!!!
4.5 : one of the best professor in Marshall School of Business. Professor Moyer truly is a legend in fix income industry. If you want to become a top banker or financial planer you need to take his class!!!
5.0 : I took FBE421 in Fall '14. Prof. Moyer is very intelligent and knowledgeable, and a legend in the field of distressed debt investing. Class is not difficult if you put in the effort; grading is fair.
5.0 : The best professor at USC's Marshall School of business.  I learned more with him than I did with all of my other finance classes combined.  A true legend, especially in the field of distressed debt, give this guy the respect he deserves and be ready to work REALLY hard if you want to get an A.
5.0 : Very enthusiastic about the class and topic. He had worked in the industry before so his stories really help add to the learning experience and class is very applicable to industry. He has tough assignments (3 stmt model due second class, LBO model) but these are necessary if you want to get into the industry. One of the best classes I've taken..
5.0 : The best class I have taken in MBA. I learnt the most from this class. The prof has designed the course really well.
5.0 : Steve Moyer is the most accomplished professor at USC. From his work in distressed debt to investment management, he has highly relevant experience. The guy just "gets it." He will push you outside of your comfort zone every assignment. If you want to do IBPE, he'll help... a lot. If you don't want to work hard for an A, look elsewhere.
5.0 : Professor Moyer is one of the best professors I have ever had. He is extremely knowledgeable about many subjects--Debt, Private Equity, Venture Capital, Restructurings and Law so it was an amazing opportunity being able to learn from him. His class is very fair and students come away with tons of valuable knowledge. Best Marshall class I have taken
5.0 : He is amazing!! So nice and helpful! Take him!!!
3.5 : Sarch is an alright professor. He is funny and very approachable. I wish he would have more class discussions than lectures because I felt I learned more with discussions.  In my opinion he is a very harsh grader. If you don't parrot stuff back the he way he says it on tests, then you will lose points. You will lose points for missing minor details
3.5 : 2 short essays, 1 long essay. He is amazing and his lectures too, but the readings are so boring, I think at one point he just stopped expecting us to have read the readings... only using his hand-outs can get you a pretty grade; go to class and skim the readings can guarantee an A. But sometimes unclear in explaining, beware.
5.0 : He is amazing! So kind, caring and always willing to help. He gives hand outs with his lecture notes and thats all you need to study for the one mid term and one final. Take him!!
4.0 : Took his seminar class and he was super enthusiastic about everything. Make sure you do the readings because sometimes he'll give check in assignments at the beginning to make sure you did it. Only one essay and one midterm that was easy if you study. Good professor, overall good experience.
5.0 : Amy is an incredible trombone player, I feel that her guidance has really improved my playing. She is very fair and understanding, sets challenging yet attainable goals, and is definitely willing to work with you and help however she can. She's also very friendly and encouraging. All around great instructor!
5.0 : Jen is a great professor, even though the class itself can be tough. She is nice, helpful, and makes the writing process a breeze. If you want a writing professor, she is the one you need.
5.0 : Writing 150 is a tough class regardless of who the teacher is.  It is possible to get an A, but it's going to require extra effort for sure.  Jen is always available to help you with your papers; if you show her that you're putting in the time and effort, she rewards a higher grade.  Don't expect to write the 6-7 pages the night before and get an A
5.0 : Really nice prof. Very accommodating to extensions/absences if legitimate excuse and hard work the rest of the time. Opportunities for extra credit in-class.
5.0 : Jen is great. The class is hard, but its not her fault. She gives a lot of really helpful feedback and structures the class like so. One of my favorite teachers. Very funny and so nice.
5.0 : Best Professor at USC!! I love Jen so much!!
5.0 : Jen is a super nice teacher and super approachable. She's understanding with late assignments and really works with you in office hours. Definitely a teacher I would recommend to survive WRIT150!
4.5 : Great teacher who cares about students. Also very funny and has interesting choice of animal shirts. Everyday is a blast with Jen!
5.0 : This class is an easy A. As long as you participate and do the readings you will get an A. Lectures are not mandatory, but I would say you should not miss discussions.  Your grade will be based off your paper and one team project that is not difficult at all.
5.0 : Never thought I would find a class about feminism interesting, but Professor Elieraas is incredibly gripping. Really open discussions, fascinating lectures, and pretty easy grading. As long you read/understand the material (not that hard) and write decent essays, you'll get an A for sure.
1.5 : disorganized. makes false promises about when she hands back paper.
2.5 : Does not hand back papers on time.  Lectures seem to sound the same after a while.  Not a very clear progression of ideas, though she is extremely knowledgable.  I've come away from class with increased knowledge about random topics, but a nebulous idea of what makes all those things come together.
5.0 : Her strongest point is that she truly cares about every student's opinion and insight. I always felt like what I said mattered in the class, and that she didn't just want me to regurgitate her opinion. No tests, just 2-4 page papers that were easy to write if you pay attention. A lot of reading, but just skim and you'll be fine. Would take again.
5.0 : Professor Eileraas is the most amazing, deepest, most thoughtful, caring, hard-working professor there is. Think of what she does behind the scenes, also working at two other schools in addition. She is an amazing person to talk to, and really knows what she herself is talking about. Would recommend.
2.0 : She doesn't seem very friendly and approachable, even if she is passionate about her major. She was late to class a couple times and definitely bites off more than she can chew. She makes the essays seem really easy to do but grades them very strictly and doesn't tell you what she's expecting. Not a favorite of mine.
3.0 : I took the Women Writing Diaspora class as a Freshman and I learned a lot about issues in the Middle East without having any prior experience in the topic. She is brilliant and loves participation, no matter how insignificant. The few papers and exams are easy, if you read the important texts. Reading everything is impossible and not necessary.
3.5 : She is amazing w her lectures and you definitely learn something  every lecture. Assigns a lot of reading but you can skim. She's flexible w deadlines if she likes you. Disorganized, but easy grader for sure. You HAVE to be interested in the subject or you'll be bored (I was one of the few guys left after the drop deadline.) You take again!!!
5.0 : Amazing, passionate, and provocative thinker and teacher
5.0 : Truly cares about the subject and makes fascinating connections to real life and popular culture. Very engaging!
5.0 : Wants you to do the readings but you will thank her for her rigor and high expectations. Provocative thinker and class!
5.0 : Professor Eileraas has been, HANDS DOWN, the greatest professor at USC I have had so far. Everything that comes out of her mouth is intelligent, sharp, and clearcut. Her lectures are long and she does assign a lot of dry readings (the ones I read were v interesting.) Have to be interested in the subject. PARTICIPATION MATTERS!
5.0 : Brilliant, creative, truly cares about her students. This class is always something to look forward to.
5.0 : The best professor I had this semester! She assigns a lot of reading, but it's always interesting and it's possible to do well without reading every single one. She's very open minded and the papers usually have to do with your personal opinion on the topics covered in class. Very helpful and informative teacher!
5.0 : Prof. Eileraas taught an amazing class, and I recommend her to anyone seeking a great GE experience (but a straightforward class).
5.0 : At first, you'll just think she's just another professor at USC. But once you get to truly know her, you'll realize how much she actually cares for you, your well-being, and your success. One of the most incredible professors I've had!  That being said, be prepared to read a lot of stuff.
5.0 : The class I took was titled WOMEN WRITING DIASPORA: SEXUALITY, REVOLUTION &amp; EXILE IN THE MIDDLE EAST &amp; NORTH AFRICA, and to be straight up honest, this woman actually made class something 2 look forward 2. Simply put, she is amazing. She is essentially looking for passion in any presentation or writing that u are assigned. Do that, and u hv an A!
5.0 : I dreaded taking this class. But I am happy I took it with professor Eileraas. She knows all about Feminist theories, she is even-handed and never makes you feel like you are in the wrong. She is open and allows people to speak without interjecting her own thoughts. She gives very detailed feedback on the papers and I loved that.
5.0 : Professor Eileraas is the most inspirational professor I have had at USC. Balanced between cultivating humanistic intellectualism and a modern understanding of the role of technology, her course "The New Frankenstein" was incredible. She encourages application of philosophy to contemporary social issues, as well as thoughtful, open-minded debate.
5.0 : This is the 1 Marshall class I enjoyed. He is a great professor with clearly laid out lectures and pdfs to follow along if we get lost. He uploads YouTube videos for clarity on all topics, which makes it extremely easy to study for quizzes. He can come off a little condescending, but is a nice guy overall. He sends you compliments when you do well.
5.0 : Really cool and funny guy. Actually made Operations Management entertaining. The Littlefield games are kind of dumb, but other than that would definitely recommend taking him.
4.5 : I highly recommend taking Prof. Gupta for BUAD425! He is a great teacher who wants to see you succeed; no request for help will go unmet. More importantly, he brings this challenging subject to life using humor and real-life examples.
5.0 : She was very easy to understand because she spoke very clearly. She helped if you every forgot the French word and although the class was in French, she would speak in English if necessary. There were a lot of group projects and tests, but she was an easy grader. The class was easy, but also improved your French.
5.0 : Super nice and funny.
5.0 : Very kind and helpful prof. Makes french class fun and interesting. Also she's pretty funny which is a plus.  She has her phd too so she's a good teacher, very smart. Also taught the class life lessons and french culture.
3.0 : Ghittoni has really thick accent so it is very hard to figure out what she is saying. She is really nice and passionate about the subject. The exams require A LOT of studying so you have to study way in advanced. Even though she is nice, she makes the class kinda boring. As a result you skip class. Her presentations are online which is nice.
3.5 : Prof is really nice, but she has trouble explaining things sometimes and tends to repeat herself a lot.  The class is not too bad, especially because she has too much detail even on her slides, so reading the book isn't really necessary. Her tests are like 60% MC and 3-4 short questions. She will tell you not to write a lot, but do otherwise
3.5 : Pretty straightforward class. Lecture powerpoints are available online. Tests just require the memorization of the powerpoints. Textbook is optional, but useful. Labs are easy!
5.0 : Dr. Rafaella Ghittoni is an exceptional professor! I took her Immunology course during the Fall 2016 semester, and was very pleased. The class is rather interesting, medically relevant, and overall enjoyable to attend. If you put in the effort, I am confident that you will be pleased with your course grade in the end!
4.0 : Dr. Ghittoni is a pretty solid professor, who loves giving extremely engaging lectures. Don't even think about dozing off or doing something else on your computer, b/c she will know, and it will not be appreciated. She expects you to put just as much effort into listening as she is lecturing. She doesn't use the textbook for this class.
4.5 : Just lectures off the slides... it's also nothing you haven't learned in high school ( (I.e. THE MITOCHONDRIA IS THE POWERHOUSE OF THE CELL). She's super sweet and is always willing to help and is adorable and enthusiastic. The labs were difficult though, and I think they're changing that.
4.0 : Very manageable and easy class. Lectures are not mandator; she uploads all the lecture powerpoints on blackboard. The labs are mandatory but are easy (the lab final kinda tricky though). The two midterms and final are easy to get A's on if you just study the lecture powerpoint slides. She was really kind and helpful as well
4.5 : This is a great class that really goes through all the animation techniques. Trixy is really helpful and gives good feedback.
5.0 : He is very friendly and patient. One of the best professors at Marshall.
5.0 : Zal is always accessible to students; he's always willing to meet in office hours, and will even let you call himSkype with questions basically anytime. I sent him emails at 1am and got a response in 15 minutes!   You need to pay attention in this class, and you should always go. But he's the nicest and most helpful teacher I've had.  worth it!!
5.0 : You really couldn't ask for a better teacher.  Kind, goes slowly, and very personable.  The tests for this class are the same no matter what teacher you take and they can be challenging.  I would highly suggest taking him as you won't get a better teacher.  I really do wish more teachers were like Zal.  Fight on!
5.0 : Such a freaking friendly guy. Also a great professor. Patiently answers questions, explains concepts clearly, I've only had one quiz thus far but doing the class-work+lab made me feel quite prepared. Hardest thing so far is the time-constraint on the quizzes. If you have a good grasp of excel, this class will be WAY easier. If not, it'll be work
5.0 : Amazing professor. Learned so much in 311 and mostly because Zal is so clear in what he teaches and he makes sure to repeat the information until the whole class feels confident.
5.0 : Phiroz gives amazingly clear lectures and makes 311 concepts seem easier. I have no regrets taking him! He's always willing to help and is one of the friendliest professor I've had
3.0 : He's  a great presenter and can explain concepts really well! But the in class examples are way too simplistic and does not prepare us for the homework, quizzes, or midterms. He is a friendly guy who will help with conceptual based questions, but directs you the TA for any other questions you have.
5.0 : His lectures are really comprehensive. He takes the time to make sure everyone understands and wants us all to do well. He doesn't do many examples, but he posts optional practice online. We usually get out of class early. Only 2/3 quiz and 2/ 3 homework grades are counted. Best professor I've had in Marshall. Study hard and you will do well.
2.5 : Phiroz is a very nice person. But since he is relatively new to 311, he can be somewhat confusing/unclear. He doesnt really answer questions well. He also has very little control over the course/exams (other professors write the exams and the graders do all the grading). Decent professor for a hard class, but not the most helpful. The curve is bad
4.5 : Really nice guy and goes through the tough material slowly and makes sure everyone understands.
5.0 : He's the bae. You'll know what I mean if you take the class
5.0 : Terry is baeeeee. genuinely cares about his students
5.0 : Terry was a great teacher. He may seem scary on the outside but he is a real sweetie
5.0 : Dr. Winningham stands out among the writing professors at USC. He is a brilliant professor and has the most interesting things to say lol. Definitely take his class!!
5.0 : While a little intimidating at first, he's really a good instructor and a good guy. He grades fairly and gives plenty of time to complete assignments. You meet up with him once every other week or so for one on one tutorials that are actually pretty enjoyable. He gives good advice to improve papers and is game to chat about anything.
4.0 : This was Dr. Kendall's first class teaching, and it started off very rocky. Many students were struggling and Kendall had difficulties clarifying topics we needed to understand. However, he ended up getting it together in the last few weeks and most finished just fine. Just GO to his office hours, and review practice exams! The HW helps as well.
4.0 : He's a new professor but a very nice and helpful guy. Econ won't be easy anywhere but he doesn't over complicate the subject and make difficult tests. If the test is hard, chances are the whole class will struggle and vice versa. If you don't understand something in the lecture he will always clarify it for you after class or in office hours.
3.5 : This was Kendall's first year teaching at USC (&amp; I believe overall). It was definitely rocky in the beginning, with averages of D's on quizzes. But by the end of the semester both he and the class improved a lot. Econ isn't easy overall, but he definitely helped us along the way. Advice: Go to office hours &amp; do ALL the practice problems.
5.0 : Very nice, approachable, follow what he expects you to do, do the homework and you should be fine!
4.0 : Two quizzes, one midterm, one final. Very straightforward. You don't have to do the reading, just pay attention during lectures. Hands out candy to incentivize participation. Practice exams are pretty much the same as the actual exams with a few numbers changed, so just do those before the exams. Has a slight Canadian accent.
3.0 : This was Kendall's first time teaching and I found the class to be very difficult the entire semester. The pace is extremely fast, so going to class is critical. Though his practice questions were not collected, they were the main source of help for tests (there was no homework). He was very helpful in office hours and most students used them.
5.0 : one of the best professors i've had yet. great at teaching the material but also is really nice and good at answering questions. isn't condescending at all, even when the questions are dumb. don't buy the book, just show up to lectures and you'll learn everything. if you took ap micro in high school this class should be a breeze.
5.0 : Easy Prof. One quiz 15% of grade and midterm 35%. Gm curves final grade to a 3.00gpa dont wanna need textbook so dont buy it. All you need to do is read the lecture slides, do review problem and EASY A. I must warn you though that since hes popular a lot of smart people will end up taking him which can mess up the curve. Average could be a 80%
4.0 : I enjoyed Prof. Kendall part of this course. He was clear, friendly, and knew his stuff. Fellow transfers, HIT THE GROUND RUNING!! I tutored Econ at my CC but this is another ball game. I studied ENDLESSLY and still struggled to perform at average. DO YOUR HW BEFOR CLASS, STUDY 3 WEEKS BEFOR EXAM. Economics is hard regardless of the Prof. (M.K)
5.0 : Chad is super chill. His lecture may get boarding from time to time, but they are super informative and really helps you in quizes. He gives more than enough practice questions. Do them and you do well! On Blackboard he also have a forum where you can post your HW questions that you don't understand, and he will answer it 100%
5.0 : Chad is a great professor for ECON 351! He's clear, thorough and provides study guides and practice problems that are very similar to the quiz and exam. As long as you get at least an 80% you get an A. The midterm is harder than the quiz but overall his portion of the class is manageable if you do the homework and reviews.
5.0 : Great professor but the class itself is hard. Because the class only depends on quizzes and exams, the class requires a lot of studying.
5.0 : very nice professor! recommend! 2 quizzes , 2 midterms, and 1 final. Overall, a very willing to help professor!
4.5 : great at teaching, lectures are very clear, if you do the homework and practice tests (which aren't that much work at all) you'll get an A. easy to follow for me since I did AP micro in high school, but class in general was also straightforward
5.0 : He's just the best Econ teacher. Definitely take his class! His lecture are super easy to understand! (and sometimes he brings candy)
5.0 : Easy to understand lectures and tries to make the topics interesting. Overall, great professor.
3.0 : do NOT buy textbook, did not open the whole semester. Prof even says don't get it. 2 quizzes and midterm and final. Exams VERY difficult. Need to study very hard, and understand the math as well as the concept questions. Get a tutor who has taken the class before. Also Prof. Wu takes over the 2nd half of semester. Better than prof. Durguner
4.0 : He obviously cares about his students. He has some difficulty explaining concepts to students, but I am more of a self-learner so it could just be me. Not super hard, and he gives practice test. Be wary of his curve. He said 80%+ is an A, but it ended up being an 86%+ roughly. I know some people who got a B because of this. obv it's their fault.
5.0 : This class i broken between two professors he will be your first, and he was awesome! Really made the class as interesting as he can. He is very approachable. The whole class consists of 2 quizzes, a midterm, and final. No homework (do it its for your own good). He gives a bunch of practice exams and questions which will be similar to test Qs
5.0 : Gives lots of individual attention and takes an interest in what type of roles the students WANT to play. Focuses on personal connections with the character and with scene partners. Truly cares about his students and helps everyone grow as actors and people.
4.5 : Easy assignments and a really cool guy. Midterm and final are open bookopen note and all the "pop" quizzes" were announced beforehand. On the first day I thought I was gonna fail, but I ended up getting a really easy A.
3.0 : The lectures are interesting but difficult. Be aware of the TAs! They grade super hard!!! And they do a bad job clarifying concepts.
5.0 : Requires time and he grades really hard. Beware of the essays b/c he looks for a masterpiece.
4.5 : Attendance is not mandatory/needed for lecture but discussion is important. As long as you do the work (three short/easy papers, midterm and final are open note) you will get a good grade. Weekly blog post which is easy and never have to really read anything. Interesting and actually learned a lot without doing a ton.
5.0 : Engaging, passionate about the subject, and works hard to show how relevant all our discussions were. Expect work, but everything is fair and the grading criteria is super clear
5.0 : Cannot sing this teacher's praises enough. Noticed he didn't have a review and wanted to changed that. This was the most valuable writing class that I have ever taken. He will tell you everything you need to know and he knows just about everything in this field. His lessons extrapolate far beyond the Television comedy framework and  benefit greatly
5.0 : Krista teaches this course once a year, and this class has been my favorite that I have taken at USC. Krista teaches her students great practical skills for a career in the entertainment industry. She brings in interesting guest speakers on a weekly basis. If you have the opportunity to take this course -  I highly recommend it to everyone!
5.0 : Wow. I do not think I have ever had a teacher as amazing as Professor Parkinson. She is tremendously inspirational and motivating. Her guest speakers are entertaining, and so is she! She is 100% there for you and genuinely cares for each and every one of her students. If you don't take her class, you WILL regret your USC experience.
5.0 : She is by far the best teacher I have ever had. So passionate, so honest, and so willing to help you get a job in the industry. She is AMAZING.
5.0 : Robert is a great teacher, and I really enjoyed this class. I learned a lot from him throughout the semester, and he has great stories to share about his time in the industry. This class teaches you the ins and outs of being a unit production manager and you learn about lining, scheduling, and budgeting films! I highly recommend this course.
5.0 : Professor Brown is great at breaking down the basics of Unit Production Management. He goes over the programs and rules pretty well and often gives examples during his career. Watch out for committing mistakes on assignments though...
5.0 : Professor Brown is a really nice guy and has really interesting stories to tell about his time in the industry. He's very knowledgeable, although sometimes he lectures a little bit too quickly in class. The only complaint would be the length of the assignments, which are a bit time consuming. Other than that, loved the class
5.0 : Professor Brown is an all around amazing and genuine guy! He is very nice and caring. He clearly cares about his job and does it because he loves his students. He is very well versed and knowledgeable is Production Planning and helps to show you the in's and out's of the business. I highly recommend taking his class!
5.0 : Clearly knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the subject matter. Go to class, do the extra credit, and put some effort into your papers and you will pull out an A no problem.
4.0 : Clearly knowledgeable. Don't miss class or you'll have a hard time catching up. Fair grader but don't take shortcuts with the projects.
3.5 : Don't take this class unless you are really interested in the subject. Not an easy A, study and contribute to the group projects and you should be fine.
5.0 : Professor Tuzel is amazing and really cares for her students. She gives excellent reading and doesn't rush into more difficult concepts. I think she is the best professor I have had at USC and would definitely recommend her. She brings in big and small firms and make it easy to connect with executives. Tests are very straight forward
5.0 : TAKE OT310. Super easy and the most inspirational classprofessor I've ever taken.
5.0 : Professor Egglestone is one of the best professors I've had at USC. she's hilarious and extremely knowledgeable in the field of OT. The tests were actually a little more difficult and specific than I thought they'd be so I definitely recommend doing all the readings and taking good notes in lecture. Amazing class though. Made me want to help others
4.5 : Kim is such a sweetheart and really cares about her students. You will lose easy points if you don't participate, so try to talk at least once during every class period. Take this class with her if you want to learn the basics of Occupational Therapy
5.0 : great intro class for foundation of dance! bearable amount of reading and assignments (all on very interesting dance-relevant topics). lectures took many forms, from watching videos to going outdoors for activities. amazing professor and definitely recommended!
5.0 : Such a nice and caring professor! Assigns a lot of reading but most don't even do it. Tests and papers are completely manageable; if you put in the work, you should get an A.
5.0 : I took Ballet C with Professor Kopcsak two semesters in a row. She is hands down the best ballet teacher I've ever had. She regularly switches up combinations in an effort to challenge her students and gives helpful corrections. Her mastery of ballet and encouragement to *all* of her students is incredibly inspiring. You need to take her class! :)
5.0 : Jackie is a great professor- truly passionate about what she teaches. You'll have to put in the effort to study, but if you do it shouldn't be too hard to get an A. You'll enjoy the crazy new ways of seeing dance. I took her class for both DANC280 and DANC442a :)
4.0 : Love De Mita, he'll work you hard but that's what an actor needs. He can be a little ego-centric in his explanations, as he is an actor himself and therefore gets in to the habit of trying to direct the scene. His criticism, however, is spot on. Some assignments seemed a little unclear, but he is one of the top acting teachers for USC's BA program.
5.0 : Jeremiah is an amazing professor. Such a wonderful instructor of theatre! I learned so much in his class and have really grown as an actress. He has great advice and really knows what he's talking about. Very passionate about the work. It's also nice that he has experience in the field. Super funny, doesn't mind some joking around.
3.5 : Worst academic experience of my life. Beware the attendance policy - each absence or 2 tardies docks a full letter grade (he also disregarded my doctor's note). Unfair grader. Also consistently rude to me, and trivialized my concerns when I tried to reach out to him. Although he provided good resources, his attitude made me feel deeply unwelcome.
4.5 : Super fun teacher and actually in the industry and knows people who are prominent actors. Always tries to engage students in theatre activities and lectures outside of class. Really enthusiastic teacher, just do the work and you'll get a good grade. Only thing is, don't skip class ever. If you miss a class without an excuse it's a whole grade down.
5.0 : I am so glad I took Professor Cole for SWK 586A. I didn't find any information on her when I registered for classes. She gives thorough feedback but she does look for improvement. You'll learn a lot in her class that will likely lead to you becoming a better clinician. The only thing I could see as negative is that she is big on holistic approach.
4.0 : prof, Cole was very informative and welcoming. she is highly educated and clear in her expectations and the work given. a joy to have as a professor.
5.0 : Gives really good feedback.  You will become a better clinician.  Her stories about private practice issues are helpful and insightful.  I like her holistic approach. She has a calming manner about her. Takes her job seriously. Truly wants you to get better.
5.0 : Prof. Cole is a very experienced clinician and works to make you all better clinicians.  She gives lots of feed back on the RLTs and the PNs. She doesn't review asynch work, that's up to you to complete on your own. She shares great useful stories that she has encountered in her practice.  She is very accomplished.
5.0 : Sam was definitely my favorite professor my first semester at USC. So much so that I registered for classes the hour class registration opened to make sure I would get in to his SWK 505 class. He's a fair grader, he likes to be challenged in class, he really likes students that seem to be taking in the material and applying it.
5.0 : He is so great!
5.0 : Fantastic Professor!!!
5.0 : Sam is a great professor. He's super laid-back but has a lot of knowledge of the content. He works with students so that everyone can be successful.
5.0 : love his teaching style
5.0 : Loved this class. Taking him for 505 as well. If you are looking for a great experience in your first MSW classes I recommend him!
4.0 : She is tough, but work hard, and write clearly. That is the key. Clarity. She is a loverly person who will really help students exceed, but not without pushing them.
4.5 : Write super clearly. I mean so clear that you can explain this topic to a toddler. She is a very tough grader, but if you write clearly, then you will be fine in the end.
4.5 : She is the clearest, most organized professor I've had here. Everything is outlined on the syllabus. Readings are mandatory and have responses due every week but they're relatively painless. Readings are sometimes hard to understand but she does a good job of explaining everything thoroughly. Gives cool assignments too, and makes class interesting
4.0 : The class is tied with CORE102 so you pretty much have to do the reading for CORE102. Some other reading about writing skills but generally not too interesting. Can probably get away with skimming that. Papers are graded on improvement, but you really will improve. Tutorials are incredibly helpful - write your drafts for tutorials well!
3.5 : He has an idea in his head that he is much smarter than any students. Therefore he is unwilling to give decent grades, especially on the first essays. Overall, he was willing to help. He does value the effort that you put into the class.
4.0 : Although I ended up dropping his class, he was a good professor. While he made us do quite a bit of writing exercises before each essay was due, they were worth it in the end since it helped you not only become a better writer, but a better thinker. Class discussions were interesting. Required readings, while long, were seldom given.
5.0 : Dr. Clements is one of the best professors I've ever had. Writing is not a subject I particularly enjoy, but he actually inspired me to improve and think more deeply. He is extremely intelligent and genuinely kind. He goes out of his way to be helpful, as long as you're willing to put the work in.
4.5 : Dr. Clements was one of my best professors at USC. He is very good at giving helpful feedback and telling you exactly what you need to do to improve your writing. His classes were discussion-based and always led to an interesting conversation. He is not an easy grader, but a fair grader. If you put in the effort, you will do well.
4.5 : Dr. Clements is a really good professor, makes the class really interesting. Class activities are fun and useful. I recommend his class. Easy on grades as long as you follow the guidelines provided him. Interesting topic. Very friendly with his students. Don't regret taking his class at all.
5.0 : He is an amazing professor- I learned so much about writing. He gives valuable feedbacks and challenges you to think more deeply. He makes his lessons easy to understand with activities and helps you apply them in your own writings. Very willing to help.
5.0 : He was a great teacher, class was interesting and I was always excited to go. He talks about real world issues and really makes you think. Make sure to participate, it makes class go by faster and it make you pick your brain as well as your peers. There is some homework and attendance is mandatory.
5.0 : Makes 150 fun - which is no easy task. Insanely fast if you email him. Pretty easy going.
4.5 : Hard tests, sometimes questions straight from the textbook. Really fun class lectures - lots of Ted talks, activities, and interesting powerpointsdiscussions
5.0 : She was the best. I loved Law 402 - my favorite class to date. The court trip was really inspiring.
4.0 : Cool lectures about interesting things. The class was harder than I thought it would be. Dr. Stolzenberg is nice to look at.
5.0 : Loved having her as a professor, I would absolutely take her again. Really solid course and teacher. She had a real command of the material and I felt like I learned a lot.  She is also very funny!
1.0 : she sucks. she gives you 8 assignments after every class. requires you to put all assignments on blackboard. treats the class as if its a high school class. strict.
4.0 : Pretty easy as far as WRIT150 professors go. She is nice and helpful and manages to make the class interesting most of the time. I would recommend her. Don't bother wasting your money on the book though, we literally never have used it.
4.0 : Writing 150 isn't the best class but I would definitely recommend Prof Rivera for this course. She's really nice, always eager to help out, makes the class entertaining and actually really does improve your writing skills. Great teacher. Theres 4 main papers and some easy assignments for each one. Typical Writ150 structure.
5.0 : Prof Rivera is kind, caring, and interesting to talk to and learn from. Identity and diversity WRIT150 is not terribly hard; she grades fairly but it is very possible to do well. I've gotten A's on every paper and have not put in a ridiculous amount of work. You just write a paper once a month and that's pretty much the whole class.
4.0 : I don't like WRIT 150 as a class, but P. Rivera is definitely interesting although she does assign a lot of out of class work.
4.5 : DeAnna is honestly such a great professor to have for WRIT-150. She's super nice, keeps the class interesting, and grades fairly. She's very understanding of the fact that you're only human and will give you breaks that not many other professors would. She's also one of the few that truly cares about her students. You'll learn a lot from her.
5.0 : There are assignment after most sessions, but usually they're not super long or tedious. There are 4 major essays that count for most of your grade but she is very open working individually with each student provides valuable feedback. The classes were interesting and she's a nice prof.
4.0 : Very nice, knowledgable, laid back in demeanor, but sticks to his guns with assignments and grades. Won't let anyone fall behind and will always stay after to help you. Really nice guy and, if this is your thing, very handsome.
5.0 : I like him a lot! Never anticipated that GE5 could be so fun and easy. He is really passionate about French revolution. Exams are incredibly easy, and he gives good and detailed feedback on every paper, which I really appreciate.
4.0 : I took Hector's "Later Chinese Art" class. It was super interesting and engaging. His lectures were organized well and he was really funny and inspiring. Definitely knows the subject and wanted us to learn. Wasn't much work, only 3 reading responses, two midterm essays, and a final (essay exam form). Would highly recommend anyone take his classes!
4.5 : Dr. Hudson is one of the best art history professors at USC hands down. She is excellent at feedback and cares about her students. This class was so helpful in gaining a broader perspective of the art world, specifically that of the art world in New York.
5.0 : One of the greatest thinkers in the field, not to mention one of the best professors at the University/in the discipline in general. Literally cannot believe USC has her. Don't pass up the opportunity to take her. You will NOT regret it. She was honestly amazing enough to get me on this website to say this which speaks for itself.
5.0 : Professor Awad brings practical business experiences  to life in this class. You will find his lectures very enlightening on what you can do with a Law Degree. His guest lecturers are always dynamic and quite accomplished in numerous fields of work. One of the few classes I really look forward to every week for its uniqueness.
5.0 : Great class, enjoyable and informative
5.0 : Professor Ponder is an excellent professor hes very knowledgeable and cares about his students well being. I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : She is kind, makes herself available to help. She puts you at ease; clearly tells you what to expect. She helped connect me to the right people when I needed scholarships. I was blown away by her kindness. I have not received a grade, I believe it is credit/no credit. Attendance mandatory. Take her USC VAC class. Text provide, no textbook to buy.
5.0 : Awesome instructor and advocate. One of the best at USC. Would take again!!
5.0 : She is an amazing person and instructor. Very willing to help even outside of what is taught. Pushed me to pursue other opportunities in my field and gave the whole can inspiration.
5.0 : Professor Cardinal creates an atmosphere that allows you to make mistakes, learn from them, and confidence to try new things., TAKE HER COURSE! It is worth it and she is there to support you and facilitate growth.
5.0 : Professor Cardinal sets clear boundaries, and what she expects from her students  on day one.  Yet, she is respectful about this, and she is easily accessible after class.  She usually responds to emails within 24 hours. Her compassion for wanting the best for her students is evident.  I would take her again!   It is a Credit/No Credit Grade.
5.0 : Really a great professor and has great knowledge of the subject matter.
5.0 : Professor Wright is currently still a graduate student but his class is definitely the most interesting, funny, and entertaining class I've taken at USC.  He converts a subject matter that could have been dry and boring in the wrong hands; into something practical, useful, and just plain old stimulating, as long as you're paying attention.
5.0 : Amazing professor! He's one of the best at USC. His work experience is extensive, the textbook he wrote is very good, and he genuinely cares about his students.
4.5 : If you study IR with a concentration in foreign policy andor security, take a class with Coe.  His qualification surpass expectations (PH. D. in Poli-Sci from Harvard, 10+ years  as a research staff member at the Institute for Defense Analyses). He is a hard grader, but grades on a curve. Posts lectures online, but still read the text.
4.5 : Very clear cut lecturer. The assignments and tests are though, but he grades on a curve! He's very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the material. He is a younger professor so he explains things in ways that are easier to understand. He is also not bad to look at at all.
4.5 : Professor Coe is a really intelligent guy and his lectures aren't too dry.  He does an excellent job of explaining concepts in terms students can understand.  He grades crazy hard on tests and homeworks, but he supposedly grades on a curve at the end of the semester.
4.5 : Few hw assignments, with midterm and final as the only tests.  Quite a tough grader, but grade is on a curve.  Boasts impressive resume, and demonstrates formidable knowledge in subject matter.  He makes class interesting, creates discussion among students. Post lectures slides online, but class attendance is needed to fully understand them.
5.0 : My experience- not easy, but only took a slightly above average effort to get an A.   Curve + clear, FAIR grading criteria (proper reasoning/feedback for every grade you get)  final grade distribution ends up being similar as most other classes.   Clear lectures, intelligent guy - was def. worth it. You're on your own to excel, though.
5.0 : Professor Coe is extremely passionate about what he teachers which makes the class more interesting. He's also pretty funny at times. His slides are very lengthy and content heavy, so take good notes, show up regularly and you'll be ok. Class is not easy, but you'll learn a lot and the curve will keep definitely help you, whoop :)
5.0 : Nina is top 3 best professors at USC. She brings so much real-world experience to the classroom and cares so much about her students. She is intelligent, articulate, compassionate, open-minded, and brilliant. Class is easy only because she cares more about you learning than about meticulously grading. Learned the most from SCA from her.
4.0 : She will make you "go there."  And it is worth it, because how can we be good social workers if we don't do what we are asking our clients to do.  Warning: Do not be late to class.
5.0 : Dr. Hankins is a great professor.  You will want to come to her class and participate.  In addition, the class setting is comfortable. She does a great job making sure you understand the material by helping you work through your mental blocks--never giving you the answers.  She is always available, and she is always helpful.  TAKE THE CLASS!!!!
4.5 : Dr. Hankins is a great professor! The class may seem intimidating at first with a 10 page paper due the first 2 weeks of class, BUT Dr. Hankins is super supportive and understanding and there to assist you every step of the way. I would DEFINITELY take another one of her courses, just not on a Saturday :) #awesomeprofessor #SOWK534
5.0 : A really nice person. Very particular about citations but will help you.
5.0 : Dr. Hankins is awesome. She is passionate, and she includes discussion in her classes that are legitimately fun to participate in and are super interesting. She really shows that she wants her students to succeed, and she is always willing to help with assignment, meet outside of class, and give advise. Great professor overall.
5.0 : Thought provoking professor. I wished she taught something besides social policy/advocacy. She is amazing. Highly supportive of the learning process. USC needs more professors like Doc Hankins!
5.0 : I wasn't sure about taking yoga, especially after our first real 'test' class we had. I have never felt so lost and so sore the next three days! By December, I was amazed at how my muscles and body worked! She also helped me through a lot of major stress. Lori is a great teacher, has tough exams but is soooooo nice to look at early in the morning.
5.0 : Lori was the best yoga teacher I've had. She's super sweet, helpful and clear when it comes to getting a pose right. She really cares about her students and isn't a huge fan of tests so she helps you out as much as possible to prep for the exam (which is really easy). This was definitely a class I really looked forward to coming to.
5.0 : I had no idea how much fun yoga could be!  Lori knows her stuff down to tiny muscles and made it easy to learn.  I found myself sleeping better by the third week and using breathing to help with my running!  By the 6th week I couldn't wait to come to class and sweat!  She's super funny, kind, and wears the coolest yoga clothes!!
5.0 : Lori Steele is the most amazing yoga teacher you will ever have. This class feels like so much more than yoga. So inspirational, and you'll take her lessons with you even after the class is over. Take her for sure! It's not hard at all, and helped me with a lot of my stress from other classes.
4.5 : For someone with minimal previous knowledge about archeology, this class was manageable. The lectures were extremely thorough/detailed and if you're short on time, you could almost substitute lectures for the book if you really pay attention in class. The assignments (there were not that many) were not too demanding. Grading was fair.
4.5 : Dr. Karuna is passionate about his subject and he really strives to makes lectures interesting, which I appreciate. Respect him and he'll return the favor. The course was not difficult at all. No homework assignments; instead you complete them during class with classmates. Grade is based primarily on exams, one MC and one practical. Easy Street.
5.0 : He is a great professor. Each class session involves him teaching the material for the first half of class and then students working on problems during the second half of class. He focuses on truly understanding the process and class engagement. The midterm and final were each worth 45% so study hard for the tests. Learned a lot in this course.
5.0 : Great professor. I would really recommend you to take his class! He truly cares for students and he is really helpful in office hours. In addition, the tests are pretty easy. He really wants you learn instead of tricking you.
4.0 : Karuna's a real smart man and knows his material. The difficulty seems to be on par with other Leventhal professors, so you really have to work for that A. Lectures give good insights, and as always, it would help tremendously if you read the material before class. Tests aren't easy and midterm+final make up 90% of your grade.
5.0 : Everyone loves him because he really cares and knows story. If you want to learn to write a screenplay, take him for any class. You will have to work, but it's so worth it. A really friendly guy, too. Ran into him a year after being in his class and we had a great conversation. Best screenwriting professor at SC.
4.5 : Easily the best screenwriting professor at USC. Really believes in his students and understands how to get the best writing out of everyone.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've had at SCA. He should be teaching 533a and b every semester! Gives you the freedom to write what / how you want to write and the tools to get it on the page. Amazing feedback that communicates that he cares about your story.
5.0 : This was an incredible class - hands down the best I've ever taken at USC. Really clear lectures, really amazing feedback, much of which I've incorporated into my script in order to make it better. I would love to take another class with Peter as he really truly motivated us to do the best version of our scripts and be great at what we do!
5.0 : He is one of the best screenwriter professors at USC. You can't leave this school without taking him if you really want to learn how to write - his passion for the subject is admirable and he is willing to help individual students break their stories. This class will 100% make you a better writer ... and will change your life. TAKE HIM
5.0 : Great teacher! Really cares about his students and their work!
5.0 : This was one of my favorite classes at USC. Professor Robinson set a great tone and pace for the class and I definitely felt my storytelling craft took a big step forward.
5.0 : Peter is THE most amazing writing teacher I've ever had. The class was always enjoyable, his lectures and assignments were clear, and his passion for writing was always prominent. Seriously, TAKE THIS CLASS. It will be one of the best classes you take at SC- Trust me.
5.0 : One of the most passionate people I've ever met. I experienced exponential improvements in his class. Peter always makes himself available and is very generous with his time. He is a truly talented artist with a deep understanding of his craft. Taking this class was an incredible opportunity.
5.0 : A true highlight of SCA. Professor Robinson is an utterly dedicated, knowledgeable, and inspired professor. He encourages each student to find and develop their unique voice and carefully structures his lessons to build upon each week's concepts. Fantastic professor and great guy! You will learn a lot about writing, the industry, and yourself.
5.0 : Peter is one of the best professors I've ever had. He cares deeply, he is encouraging, he dissects each script fully and gives good notes. He will spend time with you outside of class for whatever you need, even if you end up talking about life more than writing. He also has practical and insightful info as a working screenwriter in the industry.
5.0 : Peter is a truly amazing professor and immensely inspiring. In his class I always felt like my work was appreciated. All of his feedback was helpful. If I stumbled he was always there to help. As a result, my screenwriting improved tremendously. Peter wants the best from and for all of his students. That is the mark of a great instructor.
5.0 : He's very helpful and clear. Honestly, even if you know nothing about government, you can pass his class by listening and keeping up with the reading. There's nothing ultra-challenging about this course. Just respect the material and put in the work. He's a great lecturer, and will take questions if you have them.
4.0 : Assignments and tests based off of lectures. Very quirky and entertaining to listen to. Memorization key for midterm
5.0 : A great lecturer who respects you and appreciates your opinion if you participate in class. As long as you give an effort to keep up with the readings, you should get an A in the class.
5.0 : Professor Levy is a wonderful professor who really has fun with his class. The material isn't too dense and his midterm and final aren't difficult. He always made us laugh with his jokes and kept a politically neutral class. Additionally, he was happy to write me a letter of recommendation even though there wasn't much time in advance.
5.0 : Levy is a must take at USC, super easy and the funniest professor I've ever had! If you put in the work you should easily get an A. Very approachable and he thankfully maintains political neutrality so you can actually learn in the class. Highly Recommended professor, you will not regret it.
5.0 : amazing, do the work and you can get an A
5.0 : Super nice and understanding professor. You can go to him during office hours and he is definitely accommodating and easy to talk to. just go to the lectures and write good notes. had take home final
5.0 : He was very lenient and easy going.
5.0 : Professor Levy is an awesome professor who tells great jokes and anecdotes while also engaging us in interesting discussion about American government. His midterm is based on lecture and partially the textbook, but it's pretty easy if you pay attention. He's a likable instructor and his class is enjoyable.
5.0 : Levy is a real gem of USC- a distinguished professor, a quintessential academic, but also a funny and caring guy. Beware: some students find his lectures boring, but that's only kids who don't care/ know nothing about politics. If you like politics and are a bit of a history nerd, this is the class for you. Grading is fair if you do the work.
5.0 : Professor Levy is far and away the best professor I have had at USC. He is extremely intelligent and has an awesome personality, which ias hard to find in a professor. I am lucky to have had him. His criteria for getting an A is pretty straight
4.0 : Very good dude. His class is straightforward: show up to lectures, do the readings, and memo assignments. Very interesting content if you aren't familiar with politics.
5.0 : Professor Levy is a very approachable and flexible professor, and he LOVES making dad jokes. His class isn't too hard and although the TA does most of the grading, Levy is a very reasonable grader as well. He makes relatively mundane concepts seem interesting and interconnected and the class can be pretty rewarding for an intro course/GE. Take him!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had at USC. Levy is a great professor who is incredibly knowledgable about politics and immigration in particular. He cares about his students and has an amazing backstory. He is also very generous with his time and wants his students to enjoy and succeed.
5.0 : Exceptionally highly skilled lecturer. He's not verbose, but if you came from public school like me you'll learn some new words every class. You're gonna want to show up, and read the textbook: it doesn't take much time and helps on the midterm and final. Encouraged participation, but with high standards, never belittled students who participated.
4.0 : Great professor who is very knowledgeable and passionate about it, but class is not curved at all so put the time in.
4.0 : Fair class, long lectures, lots of homework especially the project
5.0 : Professor Abramova is one of the best in the AME department. I did my undergrad here, and have now started grad, and I can honestly say that she is more accessible than other professors, is a very fair grader, and explains concepts well. She is very receptive to questions. The homework took quite some time, but it helps a lot for the exams.
4.0 : Want's her students to do well. Knows the material well.
5.0 : Professor Karlin is amazing! I am not a morning person but did not mind her 8:30 am class because she was so enjoyable. Her prompts are very open ended so you get to explore the topics you want. She is also very caring. A family member was sick during the semester and she made sure to check on me throughout the semester. She is caring and kind.
4.5 : Dr. Karlin was my favorite professor my freshman year! She was clear and fair in grading. Take advantage of her office hours because they really help. She also gave good feedback on papers and I could tell my writing improved. Dr. Karlin is also just a really nice professor and I wish I got to know her better.
5.0 : Brilliant professor. Helped me in all my papers and gave helpful feedback. Her conferences were helpful and one of the best professors I've had the chance to be taught by. Puts in a lot of effort too.
5.0 : She is amazing! Brilliant, kind, fun, and interesting. She really helped me grow as a writer.
5.0 : This class was awesome, Professor Karlin put so much time into me and my work and I can't thank her enough for the amount of energy and effort that she dedicated to writing 150. I was so anxious about writing, but I was able to get over my fear and embrace the writing process.
5.0 : Dr. Karlin is brilliant, warm and engaging; she really cares about the students and puts a ton of effort into her work, and it shows. She gave me really helpful feedback on my papers which helped my writing tremendously. I really enjoyed the class and would take another class with her again in a heartbeat if I had the chance.
5.0 : Class with Dr Karlin was a transformative experience. Not only is she brilliant, she's funny and caring. I learned more about writing from her course than I have in any class I've taken in my academic career yet. Her office hours were beyond helpful. And the course content was relevant and interesting.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors I have taken thus far. Ashley is engaging, accommodating, and genuinely invested in her students' learning. She is well versed in almost anything you want to write about, and gives quality feedback and constructive comments. Ashley is the reason behind WRIT340 becoming a class of personal exploration and growth
5.0 : Professor Perez is an awesome professor who's so passionate about Spanish. I really feel that my Spanish improved while taking her class. She used fun music videos and games to improve our Spanish skills. We worked hard and it paid off.
5.0 : Profe is such a great professor! She is enthusiastic and funny and always comes up with the best ways to explain words or concepts. She isn't afraid to act things out in front of the class, and is always willing to go over things multiple times until everyone gets it. Attendance and participation are super important, and homework is manageable!
5.0 : Sweetest and best professor ever!! Seriously love her. She truly wants you to do well and help you!! Amazing teacher, enjoyable class, learned a lot
5.0 : Perez (aka Profe) is such an amazing teacher! The class may seem scary at first (you only can speak in Spanish) but she will help you out if you are struggling. The homework is busy work and the tests are not that bad, the final is kinda tricky. Overall an easy class.
5.0 : Profe is super energetic and thorough. Expects participation and engagement. Weekly homework assignments and several projects but totally do-able if you pay attention in class. She's very fair and knowledgeable about the topics. We even went on a field trip :) Rent the textbook; don't buy! I highly recommend her class and would take her again!
5.0 : Professor Perez is the best. She does her best to help out the students. In order to pass the class, you will have to participate. She is really nice and helpful in giving feedback for tests and difficult concepts. Make sure to do homework.
5.0 : She's very nice.
5.0 : Great profesor, very caring and will help you if you were like me and didn't know any Spanish even though you took 3/4 years of it in High school. Not the easiest grade TBH, but great teacher and will def. get B+ or higher if you are present and try your best.
5.0 : Profe (as students call her) is an amazing prof. My spanish improved 200% in just one semester. The whole class is in spanish (no english allowed) and homework is checked in class. Attendance is very important (5+ absences is -1 final letter grade!) and participation in class is big part of your grade. Highly recommend for her teaching style tho!
3.0 : Professor Peroomian is a good lecturer with engaging lecture and clear slides.  the problem with this class is that it is very difficult - his lectures do not have relevant info for tests, the material is very dense, you gotta read the textbook urself to prepare for tests which can be 200+ pages for one midterm  0/10 DO NOT RECOMMEND
5.0 : Professor Peroomian is a brilliant instructor, and without a doubt, one of the best physics professors at USC. Lectures are fast-paced but helpful, and he has a plethora of office hours where students can access him for more help. Demos during lecture are always the highlight and he always makes the class laugh one way or the other -- take him!!
5.0 : Vahe explains physics very clearly and he understands physics. He is very straight forward on exams so if you work hard you will get a good grade. If you don't get a good grade initially he is always opens for office hours (which he has almost every day). He is a great professor and I highly recommend you take his physics course.
5.0 : Dr. Peroomian is hands-down the BEST physics professor you can hope to get at USC. He is understanding, helpful, clear and just overall great. The course material is tough, but if you go to office hours you'll be fine. He's there for you and is a great resource.
5.0 : In his first semester at USC he's already one of my favorite professors. He's so down to earth and understanding. He tries his best to make sure everyone understands the concepts and provides the resources you need to succeed. It's not the easiest subject but Prof. Peroomian makes it pretty doable and sorta interesting. Highly recommend!
5.0 : Peroomian was a fantastic professor: he was extremely assessable, made time for any questions, and was extremely clear. He obviously wanted you to learn physics and taught concepts in a very straightforward way. TAKE THIS PROFESSOR IF POSSIBLE.
5.0 : I absolutely am NOT a fan of physics but Peroomian made it somewhat enjoyable. Most hardworking, caring professor I know. Has office hours almost everyday. With that being said, he expects you to work as hard as him. Lectures can be long and boring, but that's only because he's extremely thorough.
5.0 : Lectures are generally fast, but he has office hours. We generally get let out 30 minutes early. Overall, he knows his stuff, so take advantage of that by asking him questions. Exams are kinda difficult, but if you can do previous exams without looking, then you'll be fine. Just understand the content.
5.0 : Best physics professor at USC.
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. Good lecturer, good teacher, very accessible and open to students. Fair exams. Take him if you can.
4.5 : Vahe's the best  physics professor at USC. I've had 2 others and they cannot compare to how down to earth, open-minded and understanding this professor is. You can go into office hours feeling really down about your performance but you come out believing in yourself again. He doesn't trick you and'll explain things again even if it means repeating.
5.0 : Great professor, will answer any questions you have, gives great examples, understands concepts and theories of physics.  The class is pretty easy, but if you do have trouble, just ask, and he will help you out. He responds to everyones posts, and with great detail. I don't think he missed a day of class to where he wouldn't respond.
5.0 : GREAT PROFESSOR. One of the best professors I've had at USC. Truly cares about his students.
4.5 : Astronomy 100: The Universe with Peroomian was such a fun class. He tells the class on the first day that it isn't meant to be hard, but just get people interested in space. He covers topics so well with tons of movies included in his lectures that you want to go to class. He really cares about the topic, and he knows how to simplify it to GE talk.
5.0 : He is really passionate about astronomy! If you have any interest in the subject he gives a good overview of it. There is not a lot of highly technical material, so it's great for non-physics people who want to know more about astronomy. You do have to put some effort into studying for the midterms, but if you do you'll get an A.
5.0 : If you get lucky enough to take from him,  it'll be an amazing time! Don't take him for granted-attend lectures because he's hilarious. He wants you to succeed grade-wise because he wants you to be interested in the material. Drops lowest midterm score out of 3, only need to complete 5 out of 7 HWs to get an A in total HW grade, labs, one final.
5.0 : Professor Peroomian is knowledgable and passionate about the material plus the course subject is super interesting. Who doesn't want to know if we're alone in the Universe?
5.0 : Peroomian genuinely cares about his students, so go to his office hours! His exams can be tough but he provides previous years' exams for practice and those are extremely helpful if you try to go through most of them.
3.0 : Govil has a great personality. His lectures are very general but also very short. There is not much work to the class, just one essay, a short answer midterm and a take home final. Also, we get to watch some awesome and currently popular TV shows each week. The only challenge is if your TA grades tough as nothing is multiple choice, just essays.
4.0 : Professor Govil is great! You should show up to lecture because he doesn't post his powerpoints, but lecture is short and followed by great TV shows. Sometimes he would talk for ten minutes and it just sounded like repetitive gobbledegook, but it was still a good class. Very focused on the TV industry in the here and now - very current discussions!
5.0 : Nitin is great! He's super funny and really understands the limits of the average college student's attention span. The screenings are awesome, and he provides a really fresh perspective on TV and media in general.
3.5 : Govil is clear and helpful, and his lectures are really short. We watch amazing TV shows every week. He gives the midterm questions in advance and the research paper/creative project topics are very broad. The TAs grade harshly but are helpful! The slides were a little dense though and the class was very business/industry focused.
4.5 : Govil is very enthusiastic but his lectures are incredibly short. The screenings are pretty awesome and it the content is very engaging yet his lectures are always less than one hour. He is pretty accesible to meet with students but the problem is TAs are harsh graders. The class seams easy but the TAs grade the midterm, paper, and final delicately
5.0 : Really great professor! PPT Lecture slides. Attendance isn't mandatory but I wouldn't recommend skipping. He super cool and very approachable. He really cares to get to know his students. Loves discussing TV! He's great but your grade really is dependent upon your TA. Grading is tedious and somewhat annoying but still a very interesting class.
5.0 : She is great! Got to this class late and she made sure to get me new deadlines so I could turn in all of my homework and offered to change it again if it still proved to be too much! Her lectures and slides are clear and the labs and hw are very doable. I would take this class again!
5.0 : She is actually the best professor at USC, you should definitely sign up for her class! She is 100000x better than any ITP professor.  She is super understanding and can help you out if you mess up or need any help. She will always try to give u as much credit as possible for doing something. I can go on and on but seriously just take her class!
5.0 : Professor Grey is GREAT! The lectures are super clear and easy to understand! She is probably the best ITP professor at USC. I transferred from the other professor to her class and it is much better. Unfortunately, she was not able to finish this semester and we are not changed back to the other professor. I don't know what happened but I am sad:(
5.0 : -While CS lectures are boring in nature, she adds her own flair to make it fun. -In-class labs are assigned and due by end of class, but if a significant portion of the class don't finish it, she extends the due date. -Weekly CS homework takes 13hrs.  -Just 1 Midterm and 1 Final. -Extremely helpful &amp; funny.  Highly recommended.
5.0 : Each class period is a 30 to 40min lecture, followed by a lab that's due at the end of class. You're supposed to get a 0 if you don't finish, but she often extended it till the next class if people didn't finish. The rater below me probably made some error for weekly homework; it takes you 2 to 4 hours, not 13. Paulina is fun and lively. Loved it.
5.0 : She's so energetic that you'll have a hard time falling asleep or daydream in this class. She lectures the 1st half of the class and assigns a short lab right after that's due at the end of class--if you finish early you can leave. Homework is assigned once a week and isn't all that bad, same goes for the midterm and final. Loved this class.
5.0 : I'm so glad I had her for this class. She's very approachable, witty, and made the class enjoyable for everyone. She's up there as one of my favorite teachers ato USC. You won't regret being taught by her.
5.0 : Best professor I've ever had. Makes tough programming concepts super easy to understand and is always willing to go above and beyond to help anyone out. Amazing class!!
5.0 : Oh my god, I LOVED Paulina. Easily my top pick for the best lecturer at SC. She's hilarious, a lenient grader, and does her best to explain programming concepts. Though if you have zero programming experience, you still have to put in the work in this class to get an A as the course does move fast despite being a 2 unit class.
5.0 : Excellent! She is so nice!
5.0 : Low key, I think she came down from heaven to breathe life into the computer science classes. L-O-V-E-D HER and her quirky, cheerful personality.
5.0 : Two thumbs up for this professor. Never had I seen a professor so passionate and excited to teach the material.
5.0 : She is great! The content is very clear and the class is easy according to your affinity with computer science. She obviously loves what she does and is extremely excited to teach. She also encourages you to fight for your grade. If you think you deserve a better grade, just talk to her about it. There is a lab due at the end of class so DO show up
5.0 : Prioritize getting this woman as your professor for any programming class she teaches. She's the very definition of what a spectacular professor is. She needs to be rewarded for her performance. If you're reading this Paulina, thank you and know that I highly respect you. Please continue to teach new students in your wonderful ways :)
5.0 : She really sucks. She really sucks in that she's not teaching any of the upper division programming classes at the time of this writing. I'm really going to miss being taught by her. If I can give her a letter grade I would give her an A+.
5.0 : Each class is a 40 minute lecture followed by a lab on the lecture material that's due at the end of class. Labs are worth 20% so you not only have to show up but also pay attention to all lectures. But Paulina is such a cheerful person that it's hard not to pay attention. Homework is assigned every week, and there's 1 midterm and 1 final.
5.0 : She's an amazing lecturer. Most professors lack the basic skills required to keep students engaged, but Paulina has mastered them all.
5.0 : Great Class
5.0 : Amazing professor, amazing class. Get her for any class she teaches.
4.5 : Really enthusiastic and energetic. She seemed to actually thoroughly enjoy the topic she taught which made the lectures fun and interesting.
4.5 : She is one of the best studio instructors.
5.0 : Very good lecturer, clear, good material. Seems eager to help everyone understand. Very nice guy, funny jokes. Knowledgeable on the subject. Awesome teacher! Lectures are clear and the material is very relevant.
5.0 : Wonderful lecturer. Slides are very clear. Do prepare for exams and you'll do great in this class. Overall a very very useful class taught by a great nerds lover
5.0 : Very sweet professor, she knows the material well and you can tell she's passionate. TA's work hard and are great at teaching. You won't earn an easy A if you're looking for an easy ge, but it changed my perspective on the structural organizations of this world.
4.5 : She's amazing, I felt like I actually learnt something in class (not something I say very often). You do have to write essays and do a bit of reading, but for me it was challenging enough to be a satisfying experience and not too difficult for it to be impossible.
4.0 : She is a nice professor, you do have to come to class and put in some effort but its very manageable. The topics themselves are very interesting and really changed my perspective. (5 four question quizzes, 1 mc midterm, an essay and a take home final)
4.0 : Prof. Hasson is really sweet and genuinely nice. Soci 225g is an interesting GE and actually changed my perspective on the roots of both cultural and biological concepts. You will learn to see these things from a social construction standpoint. This class is interesting; lots of reading, though. Not too hard. I don't regret taking it.
4.0 : Pretty interesting and easy class. It can get dull at times and the readings are kind of long but you can usually get away without doing them, as her lectures are usually based on what you read. She's knowledgeable and the class definitely shifted my perspective on societal constructions. Good GE. Also allows 4 absences.
4.5 : Probably the BEST WRIT340 professor. she even said she is the easiest writ340 grader. She's also funny, quirky (reminds me of Trelawney from harry potter; she kinda looks like her too), and gentle speaker. If you participate in class, do your assignments, and go to office hours, you would get a good grade. I HIGHLY recommend her.
3.5 : Not many assignments, but he's a pretty hard essay grader. Midterm was tough, but final wasn't that hard provided you prepare well since he gives the essay questions.
5.0 : INCREDIBLE PROFESSOR! Reuven cares deeply about his students, and all he requires is that you pay attention in class. Readings are not (really) mandatory until you're studying for the test, and he goes over the most important info in class. He encourages questions, and is an overall wonderful person. Take this class!
5.0 : lots of fun, practical skills.  Improv games as acting technique- very unusual but works great! Inspiring Rachel.  Don't be late!
4.5 : Rob is a really great professor, and I learned so much from taking this class. He is game oriented, and the games ALWAYS relate back to the scenes. Would definitely recommend him!
5.0 : Rob is the best to start you off in the acting direction. You will learn so much from him and actually benefit from this acting class. He will NOT baby you, so get ready to push yourself and step out of your comfort zone. You must be on time and practice outside of class to succeed. Not an easy A. Amazing teacher to learn from. He is so funny.
5.0 : very nurturing.
4.5 : Dr Duquette is one of the most thoughtful and thorough teachers. The readings are short but fit perfectly with the lectures and add a lot to the course. His lectures are full of brilliant points, analogies, examples, and discussion questions. His tests are difficult but he grades mostly on effort. He is also very nice to all his students.
5.0 : Dr. Duquette's lectures are really interesting and he makes great connections to topics in class. He is a very nice guy who really cares that you are learning. Participation is a large aspect of this class, so come to class having read the (short!) readings. The tests are focused on analyzing the important concepts from the course only, not facts.
5.0 : Great professor! Decent amount of hw, explains everything clearly and encourages questions. Quizzes are at the same level of hw and mid terms are slightly tougher.
4.5 : He's a good teacher and he explains everything clearly. Discussion classes are a must though because he only teaches the basics of every concept and the TA's are the one's who really go into detail with the material and give you practice problems that will actually be on the midterm. The homework can be long and very pointless.
5.0 : He is a really nice professor and gives only few homework. He gives clear study guide on what to be tested. And feel free to ask questions and discuss interesting topics with him. Do not worry about your grades:) such a nice professor.
4.0 : Easy A. But do go to lectures I think he takes attendance. Sometimes there's homework but it takes like 10 minutes to do it. Super soft grader. I'm pretty sure everybody in my class got an A. However his lectures are extremely boring. He doesn't even look up when he lectures. It's like he's just talking to himself. But still, easy A!
5.0 : He's a really nice and helpful professor. I find many of the class materials relevant to my life. You really don't need to worry about your grades. Take this GESM!
5.0 : Great GESM to take - especially for non-science majors. There were two easy presentations, and two tests that you will pass by studying even the bare minimum. He gives out a very to the point study guide before the test and if you know that, you will have no issues. Super nice guy &amp; does his best to make lectures engaging - you will not regret it.
5.0 : Best professor I've had at USC.  Always cracking jokes and playing interesting videos in class. Highly recommend for anyone to take his class as it just might have been easier than most of my high school courses.
3.5 : Interesting class to learn more about Global Health. Although did not learn a lot about aging specifically, it is a good introductory course to the world health care system. Hagedorn works with students and allows them to make the class to what they want, &amp; helpful for midterms. Take all classes w Hagedorn if you need to take gero classes.
5.0 : Very caring professor; he always cared about each student and wanted everyone to succeed. His lectures are engaging, and he always shows relevant videos during class that help you understand the topic that he's teaching. He brings in some cool guest lecturers, and he's a very chill professor. He's a great professor for GESM's.
5.0 : Molly Bendall is an amazing poetry teacher. You have to write a poem every couple of weeks and do in class critiques. She's super inviting and makes the class fun and interesting. Whether you're a poet or just interested in the subject, this class is a great one!
5.0 : I love Professor Bendall so much &amp; can't praise her enough. I've grown so much in my appreciation of poetry &amp; in my ability as a poet because of her. Write 6-7 poems for class, but pretty much have free reign topic-wise. Write critiques for peer-written poems, usually a paragraph per poem. Light reading. Really helps you find your voice. 11/10!!
4.0 : Great teacher and not a lot of work but is sometimes unclear with expectations
5.0 : My favourite professor and if you like poetry you'll LOVE this class. 3 Papers which are a bit boring but barely any homework. Would definitely take this class again, super interesting!
5.0 : I love this woman. Best workshop class I have ever taken. She genuinely cares about you and your poetry and has wonderful advice to offer. I feel like my work really improved from my experience in this class.
5.0 : Great GESM! Fun class and course material, barely any homework.
4.0 : Pretty easy, fun, laid back. overall a great GSEM choice
5.0 : Such a nice woman. Does this cute thing where she picks someone in the room and lectures to them alone, just staring at them. Not weird, I promise. :) Gives great notes on the poems you're told to write, but they aren't graded. She make everyone a better poet, and even though it's an easy A, people really improve their creative writing skills.
4.0 : Professor Bendall clearly loves poetry and taught it in a way that was interesting if you also liked poetry even a little bit. She assigned only a few essays and only one quiz, and all were graded fairly easily. She's nice as long as you're polite, and her class is probably the easiest GE Seminar.
2.0 : Nope. Don't Take it. I can say that he is smart guy but not a great teacher. AVOID HIM!
5.0 : One of the better math professors at USC. Instead of writing a bunch of equations and proofs and make you memorize them, he explains why they work such a way so you have a deep understand them. Not a lot of quizzes and homework either for a math class (biweekly homework, quizzes every 3 weeks). 1 Midterm and 1 Final which weren't so bad either.
5.0 : Lectures were mostly crystal clear, assigns little homework for a math class, quizzes were sparsely given and were super short, and the exams were very manageable. Also a friendly guy who loves to crack jokes in class. Take Prof. Lauda, you'll have a hard time not liking him :)
5.0 : As a senior, this is the BEST math class I've taken at USC. The professor presents the information in a interesting yet challenging way. He mostly focuses the lecture explain theorems while TA goes over the computations. I can see the prof values students' learning experiences - Take his upper divs if possible! The TA (Moses) is great too!
5.0 : Lecture not mandatory but if you go your tests will be a breeze. Group projects in discussion but nothing outside of class and you get let out early basically every time. She told us on the first day that we wouldn't need the book. Awesome prof, easy grading, take this class!
5.0 : Excellent teacher. Kate is incredibly friendly, kind, and understanding. She has a great personality. Very accessible outside of class as well. The class isn't necessarily the most intellectually-stimulating or inspirational you will take. But it is an easy choice for a GE with one of the best professors at the school.
4.5 : Cutest personality you can expect out of a professor. Super nice, and seems genuinely impressed by everyone's work. Helpful and understanding. Easy and rare homework assignments and one research paper on a topic of your choice, and a handful of quizzes. She also brings in great guest speakers.
5.0 : Professor Svyatets is great. She is super nice and really cares about her students. ENST 150 is a super easy GE, and Kate is an amazing, great person. Lectures are of average interest, you'll learn a lot about the environment but this is definitely an easy class (not an inspirational, life-changing one).
5.0 : She is a great professor. I learned AP Enviro in high school so this class is a little too easy for me because I have already learned the materials before. But Kate is super caring and she is nice about it when you ask her for extensions and stuff. Highly recommended!
4.0 : Post powerpoints with study guides online. Easy A if you GO TO CLASS. Does not explain things clearly when you ask her questions. 3 test, 1 research paper and 1 easy group project
5.0 : Great professor overall. Everything is very straightforward in her class and there are no surprises at all. She is always willing to help and always understanding of any problems. Highly recommend the class and would no doubt take another class with her if possible.
4.5 : Few homework assignments. quizzes prep you for the midterm and all the material is specifically outlined in the slides. Its important to learn definitions and then know examples. Kate is super sweet and is really interested in what she teaches. Very simple economic concepts. Start the paper early since its totally your choice on what to write about
5.0 : Mrs. Lazzari is an amazing teacher. She's hilarious, pretty loose with grading, loves what she teaches and is always willing to help and accommodate students. Two papers (3 pages), one midterm (studied for 45 mins and got like a 95%), two easy reading assignments, and a few paintings. Really chill class, could even leave early most days. EASY GESM
5.0 : Margaret truly loves drawing. She is willing to help every student and encourages personal style through drawings. She grades based on your effort level, not your talent level which is good. She gets so excited about drawings it gives her classroom such positive vibes. She knows exactly what to say to help make your work better. Take her class.
5.0 : Dr. Bancroft is one of the best professors I've had at USC! Her lectures are extremely clear, and she is also very friendly and helpful during office hours if you are confused about anything. For the midterms and the final, which were pretty straightforward, she tested only things that she covered in lecture, not the textbook.
5.0 : Professor Bancroft is a great professor that's crystal clear when she lectures, and gives exams that perfectly resemble what's covered in class. Used the textbook early on but realized I didn't need it bc her slides cover all the material. 2 midterms, a non-cumulative final and in class lecture questions worth 10% overall. Highly recommend her!
4.0 : Dr. Bancroft is a great teacher. Her lectures are very clear, easy to follow, her questions are largely fair (though I hate the all of above's on every questions). She prepares you very well for the tests. You don't need the textbook. She is also very receptive to student feedback and accommodates our needs. Really cares about students.
4.5 : Dr. Bancroft is an excellent professor that does a great job of simplifying the complicated mechanismspathways of biochemistry. Although she lectured on the  highly dense cellular respirationphotosynthesis section of the course, she made the process as smooth as possible. Overall, I highly recommend taking her for the toughest bio class at USC!
4.5 : She's a great professor because she can carefully explain difficult concepts, which most other science professors have trouble with. She is easy to talk to.  Her slides also weave a sort of story, so it does help to go to lecture to get the flow down.   I would be aware of the tests, can be easy, but can be difficult (What was that final!?)
5.0 : Professor Zaleski make human behavior accessible and exciting. She uses a lot of real-life examples and she's very accessible and down-to-earth.  I wish she taught all of my classes.
5.0 : I would sit thru eight 8-hour motivational interviewing seminars if it would gaurentee I'd have prof. Zaleski again.  If you are in msw you get it. If you're soon to be msw you'll soon get it.
5.0 : The class is highly discussion-oriented (so less structured), so try actively participate. You are gonna read lots of papers, write interesting responses and code the Paxos algorithm. But they're definitely worth you effort; after taking this class, you will be able to follow recent developments in the distributed system field.
3.5 : I took up the Advanced Distributed Systems under Prof. Wyatt Lloyd in Spring '15. Plan your assignments well and get ready to read 2 papers every week with great detail. Exams are challenging. Participate in class discussions. I messed up my grades but learnt a ton about the foundational principles of Dist. Sys. Like to take up again..:)
5.0 : Took Professor Terry for SOWK 505, and she was fantastic. It wasn't a difficult class, but she provided tons of information and feedback. Would definitely take her again.
5.0 : Professor Terry is a consummate professional bringing expertise and knowledge to benefit the class.  Tough grader that brings results.
5.0 : Professor Rocio, is an awesome teacher!  She tells you exactly what she is expecting from you, and will guide you through the process.  She is amazing, and if I could take her for every class, I would.
4.5 : Very fun and a great professor. The class is definitely worth taking
3.5 : Clearly loves to teach and to help, but she's just getting started.  This was her first year, and I'd wager that she'll be a lot more comfortable with her assignments going forward.
4.0 : Super sweet and kind.  She was willing to work with you and talk about your paper with you to help you do better.  Overall didn't think she was too tough of a grader, just pay attention to her feedback on your first paper and do exactly what she tells you to changedo.
5.0 : Great writing professor - made a two-hour writing class fun! Very knowledgeable and, if you put in the work, you will get the grade you deserve. Attendance and timeliness are both essential.
5.0 : Allen is a perfect combination of lecturer, experienced clinician, and human being. He does a great job incorporating theory with clinical practice, and is incredibly knowledgeable about the field. He is incredibly supportive of all students, and is genuinely passionate about teaching. Far and away the best professor I've had at USC!
4.0 : This class sparked my interest in computer security! The assignments are time-consuming, and the TA and professor are more than willing to help if you ask. Exams are graded toughly, but the curve is generous enough that you can still get an A. Extra credit assignments are difficult! The capture the flag competitions were really fun!
4.5 : Professor Nader is a tough grader but provides good feedback and is very passionate about being empathic.
4.5 : Great professor. His lecturing could use a little more refining because he tends to speak a little awkwardly, but he cracks a few jokes here and there and keeps the class entertaining. The grading is EXTREMELY fair. If you don't go to class or pay attention, you may not get an A, but if you do, an A- or an A is practically guaranteed. Long paper.
4.0 : He's super sweet and knows a lot about the material. Lecture is a little boring and notes are not really required since there are no tests and you pick your own essay topics. He uploaded the readings on Blackboard so that saved a lot of money. 3 small essays throughout the semester and and a 10 page paper for a final.
5.0 : One of the best at SC! There is a bunch or reading and a decently interesting textbook, but the class is mostly about the lectures. The class is a business and economic history of america, and I swear I learned more economics from the professor's awesome lectures than I did in classes for my major. Highly recommended!
5.0 : Very good professor, probably one of the top at USC. Lectures are very clear and interesting. Sargent is extremely sharp.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC and UNLIKE other writing professors, she does not grade harshly just to "fake" improvement throughout the year. She is fantastic and teaches well and at the same time gives fair grades to students. Her style of teaching is unique and she encourages class participation more than writing journals or doing busy work.
5.0 : Professor Weiss is the BEST professor I have ever had. She is SO nice, sweet, and an overall great teacher. She is a very easy grader, and is very lenient with extensions or missing class for a good reason. DEFINITELY TAKE 340 WITH HER. It is the best class ever.
5.0 : Good teacher andbetter person
5.0 : Professor Petitti is very helpful and entertaining. His lectures aren't boring and he'll give you great feedback on your papers. He is, however, a tough grader. Meaning you'll have to go to office hours and write your ass of to get a above average grade.
5.0 : Prof. Petitti is a great professor and a cool guy. Seriously. He has very high standards for his students but he takes good note of those who go to his office hours and make an effort to improve their writing skills. His lectures are fun and engaging and he really goes out of his way to make his students good writers. Definitely take him!
5.0 : Prof. Petitti is a great guy. He's open to different writing styles and encourages you to take intellectual risks, keeping class interesting with outdated jokes and puns. Huge film &amp; music geek. He's a dork but rather adorable.  He's also been immortalized as a meme in this CORE 111 class. I definitely recommend taking him if you get the chance.
5.0 : Long live petooti
5.0 : Love me some Petitti
5.0 : Listen folks, there are very few professors on RMP that have a solid 5 rating. This guy does. My writing has become more conversational and micro + macro organization has improved. If you have any opportunity to take him, Thematic Option or not, do it.
5.0 : Charismatic, insightful, caring
5.0 : Not only does David teach the process and technical details of screenwriting, but he has encouraged each student to find their own voice and path of artistic vision. He has taught us to be true to ourselves, and utilize our inspirations to make works that matter to us, and works that have something to say.
5.0 : He really takes the time with you to truly give insightful feedback. He will also be honest with you so when you do something good, you know it's good. He REALLY knows his stuff and is good at what he does. One of my favorite professors at USC. Also he's just a really awesome person.
5.0 : Honestly 413 was one of the best classes I took this semester. David has a great approach in his teaching style which is very interactive and helped the class all grow as one. Gave us great feedback and showed us good examples. Sometimes we would write in class and then critique each other, other times it was homework. Overall I loved it all.
3.0 : The classes are at times useful, at times a quick overview of technologies (not much depth). Projects are abstract so it depends on your prior knowledge of the subject also. Asking the TAs doesn't help much.
4.0 : Chill.
4.0 : Generous but makes you work for it.
5.0 : Do not skip your classes , although slides are useful but the scope of the subject is such that it cannot be covered completely in slides . Always shoot for extra credits in your group projects . You'll learn more by doing stuff in your projects than just reading and mugging slides .
5.0 : Dr. J is one of my favorite professors at USC. He keeps this mandatory writing course interesting and as fun as it can be. I undoubtedly improved my writing during the semester and genuinely enjoyed doing so. I like Dr. J more than the course and would love to take a class of his again. I have nothing bad to say and encourage you to take his class.
5.0 : Great at helping you work through a topic for a paper.  I took him for Arts and Humanities, and he really lets you write on whatever you want, all while helping you narrow your focus.  Made WRIT 340 unexpectedly one of the best courses I've taken at USC, and helped my writing get much better.
5.0 : Dr. Condon is by far my favorite professor at USC so far.  He taught me more about writing in one semester than I had learned throughout the rest of my academic career.  He will make you work, but his great sense of humor and genuine desire to help students become better writers will make every hour spent writing well worth it.  Take his class!
5.0 : She's the best!!! So kind and thoughtful, and really cares about students' success. Get to know her!
5.0 : She is extremely helpful and kind. If you are sick or have a valid excuse, she will move dates so as to help you succeed. Labs are relatively easy with the main determinant of your grade being lab reports and lab exams. The lab manual is simple and explains everything well though it is not necessary to know everything in detail.
5.0 : Great lab manager, very supportive! She cares about every student and she is always accessible in the office. Although she is the lab manager you can always discuss your current lecture grades with her and she will always be willing to help you.
4.5 : She's such a kind and understanding person. She was the first person I met in the greater USC Science Department that actually cared about the students, rather than simply making their lives a living hell. She sticks to the rules, but she will help you anyway she can. She's also great to just chat with.
5.0 : She is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. She is approachable, helpful and very nice. Don't ever hesitate to come to her office hours!
5.0 : Gorjana is not a professor for the classes I've taken, but she's the lab manager for introductory bio (and I'm not sure what else). She has an open-door policy, and she always seems to be in her office. She's the friendliest and most accommodating faculty that I've come across at USC -- I wish she taught more.
5.0 : great lab manager
1.0 : most horrible teacher i have met. she likes to make everybody's life horrible just because she can.
4.0 : Gorjana is very kind and approachable, and really makes you feel at home. She is forgiving and accommodating, but also fair and efficient. BISC-120 lab is also very interesting in general.
4.5 : Prof Saltzman is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He's hilarious and makes class discussions very interesting. He is an extremely fair grader and will do his best to help you succeed on the midterm and final. He answers any questions you might have about the midterm and final as well. HIGHLY recommend taking this class!!!!
5.0 : Professor Barnard was my field liaison, and was amazing. He makes class meetings interesting and engaging, and he's extremely knowledgeable. He made the field process much less stressful. I had a baby right before my last semester, and he was extremely accommodating. It made the process much easier. Take him if you can!
4.5 : Amazing professor, I took him for 586A and wish he could be my 586B prof. Very funny, and genuinely cares about all of his students. Helps explain things and is a great asset to USC. one of the best professor's I've had and best experiences!
5.0 : Professor Barnard is such a great professor! He has many years in the field, is very caring of all his students, is very encouraging, and makes class fun. If I could take him for 587A I wouldn't hesitate! He is warm and approachable and really wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Prof. Lee is super helpful and really enthusiastic about teaching German. The A is easy as long as you actually do the online homework and pay attention in class. Tests aren't hard and extra credit is always available!
5.0 : If you're at all interested in German, take this class. Such a wonderful woman and a great teacher. She is quirky in the best way possible and develops a personal relationship with every student. She is so accommodating and makes class fun and easy to succeed. It is an easy A, but I still feel like I'm learning so much.
5.0 : One of the sweetest women on the USC faculty. Really helped me to appreciate the German language and master it with ease
5.0 : Amazing professor, very sweet, funny and there for you. Easy A if you show up to class. She gives extra credit if you ask for it.
5.0 : Fun prof. Pretty easy. Would recommend.
5.0 : She is amazing and makes the class so interesting. She is possibly one of the best professors at USC. You will leave the class appreciating the German language so much.
5.0 : Dr. Mizuta is an excellent professor who is not only clear, but also will help you get the grade you want in the class. She gives excellent feedback on papers and helped my writing immensely.
4.0 : Little teaches the class like a graduate seminar. Case study or reading reflection due every week, one group project, one paper, one final. overall, easy grader. cares a lot about participation and attendance. she knows who's there and who's not, especially if the class is small. Would definitely recommend and take again!
5.0 : Dr. Little is a great teacher and caring person. Her essays are actually useful in your life and not just a bunch of boring case studies. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Little is great and her assignments are easy if you put in the effort!
5.0 : Professor Little is one of the best professors for business writing. She's clear about her expectations, grades fairly, gives good feedback, and cares about her students. She's also very passionate and makes the class applicable to anyone. There are 3 papers, 1 personal statement, and 1 group project. Much more manageable than WRIT 150. Take her!
4.0 : Professor Ruff is probably one of the most helpful teachers i have had at USC.  He really enjoys helping out students and taking the time out of his day to talk to you.  he's almost always available to help students that are willing to try.  you don't have to be the smartest kid on the block for him to help you out, just show that you're interested
5.0 : great class
5.0 : Awesome class, I think he realizes many students have spent a long time learning US History already so he picks out interesting, sometimes obscure stuff to focus on in lectures. He's so enthusiastic, you can really tell he loves history, and the class itself is super easy. A really good easy GE to take!!
4.0 : His enthusiasm during lecture keeps you engaged. Content is focused on common themes and stories vs memorizing dates. However, the course was a bit disorganized and I wasn't always sure what I needed to study. Document books vital, textbook optional. 3 papers, 1 essay midterm, 1 essay final with cheat sheet. Random in-class attendance checks.
5.0 : He's so nice. It's kind of like he's begging the class to be interested. He's goofy and funny sometimes, but his teaching style is kind of weird. He prods and rambles when people don't participate. Easy class though. So easy that you almost never want to go.
5.0 : Take Raphael!!! Just do it. He's super helpful, relatable, and is actually in the industry so discussionsassignments are practical and insightful. Nice guy and very interesting content.
4.0 : Good writing professor but hard grader. Gives very good feedback but sometimes I feel like he should easen up on students for grades. Nevertheless, reasonable.
5.0 : Dr. Boyd is a genuinely knowledgable, accessible for great feedback, and enjoyable to speak with. His is so passionate about academics it's almost cute, and he really inspires and motivates students. I really enjoyed his class and how nerdy and fun he is. I actually learned a lot and cared deeply about my work quality in this class.
5.0 : Dr. Boyd is definitely the best professor I have ever known. He is so knowledgeable and gives very clear instructions. He actually cares about what he is teaching and he does his best to provide whatever you need to succeed in the class. The reading assignments as homework are short and very interesting. His lectures are applicable outside of class
4.5 : Boyd was truly a great writing professor who wants to teach you the skills to get an A. He's an all around nice guy, very reasonable grader, and a great choice for the notoriously annoying WRIT 340. If you do your work in his class you will do well. Very good conference sessions for editing papers. Listen to feedback exactly, get an A.
5.0 : Everyone has to take WRIT340, so I wasn't expecting much. Boy was I lucky that I chose Dr. Boyd. The topics he covered were highly relevant to today's society and his cheerful personality made the discussion between him and the class very enjoyable. He also writes letters as feedback for your papers instead of just short comments. Great professor!
5.0 : Damn Dr. Boyd is awesome. People don't look forward to WRIT340 for obvious reasons, but he really structured the class so that it is engaging and fun. Not a lot of readings for a WRIT class either and the ones he gave were very relevant to today's society and not some archaic BS. Take him for your WRIT340, you'll do yourself a favor.
5.0 : I took his social sciences WRIT340 class despite being an engineering major, and I don't regret it one bit. Boyd's reading assignments were interesting and he also gives a personal 1pg letter as a feedback for every essay you turn in so you truly know what you're strengths/weaknesses are. Plus his fashion sense is top notch. Recommended.
5.0 : Professor Boyd is really easy to talk to. Even though class is mandatory, he makes it interesting and worth your while. I found his Issues in Sustainability writing class to be really interesting. I loved the topics we wrote about as well.
2.5 : This class is great for those who can get on the professor's good side. For all others, expect a 3 hour weekly session that you dread. He expects engineers to dedicate hours working on an irrelevant "business" project and get in touch with CEO's like it's nothing. Furthermore, he has a clear bias towards certain students, so better hope that's you.
5.0 : Best teacher I've had
5.0 : Hands down the best professor that I've had at USC. He's super passionate about technology and entrepreneurship (hence the name of the class).
4.5 : I took this class as one of my upper division electives and would recommend it to everyone. The class was awesome with great guest speakers and cool class events. Definitely a business class you actually get something out of not like 304. Professor Autry is super knowledgeable and always available to give business advice.
5.0 : Professor Autry was a joy to have as a professor. I absolutely loved the Entrepreneurship course. You don't need a background in business to understand the material. He often brought in guest speakers, all entrepreneurs from industries. So that made the class more enjoyable and interesting. He is one of my favorite, if not favorite professor at USC
5.0 : Greg was my favorite professor at USC. He gives his students opportunities to learn outside the classroom by providing internships, field trips, and connections with his personal contacts. His teaching style is direct and targeted towards what the class is interested in learning. He regularly asked for feedback. I highly recommend Prof Autry!
4.0 : Lots of guest speakers come into class, which keeps the course fun. However, I wouldn't recommend taking this course unless you are a die-hard passionate fan of the space and aviation industry. Professor Autry is always finding some way to speak about how the space/aviation industry relates to the topic of discussion, which quickly grows old.
5.0 : There's a few classes I've had at USC that went beyond the classroom and probably made me grow. Greg did that for me - he throws a LOT of real-world context (and so many speakers!!) into the course. Keeping up with readings was at times frustrating, but I find myself returning to the material surprisingly often. Loved this class.
5.0 : Prof. Autry is a great. He obviously know a great deal. Daily quizzes so attendance is mandatory. Quizzes come from the book he is writing so class is usually structured around talking about his textbook. Has a lot of guest speakers, an interesting final project, and overall a fun and helpful class to take if you're interested in small businesses.
5.0 : It's important to attend because that's what the majority of your grade is composed of. However, he is understanding and flexible about making up missed points. He was super funny and it was fun learning to dance various styles of hip hop from different regions. I would definitely take a class by him again if I can.
5.0 : Professor Grimes is one of the smartest human beings on this earth! You will learn a a lot about respect, community building, and culture and meditation- specifically in Black vernacular dance practices! But he is honestly so amazing! WOO WOOOO! 3 :)
5.0 : HE IS JUST AWESOME. THE COOLEST professor i've ever seen. Learned a lot, wonderful experience. Not hard to get an A.
4.5 : Professor G is just an all around really cool guy.  Physically show up to class and also be mentally present and you're guaranteed an A and an amazing experience.
3.0 : Professor Durden was an amazing professor. I enjoyed most of his lectures and gleaned a variety of information about African-American dance.  His class is pretty easy, although sometimes it can be a bit unclear.
5.0 : He really values all of his students and knows about dance in a way that is accessible. He doesn't have a strict academic background like other professors which I enjoyed because it the information was very applicable to life and the conversation is great. He will work with you to ensure you succeed which is a nice feeling.
4.0 : Didn't really learn much. This is only the second lecture based class he has ever taught. Just show up to class and you'll get an A. He is really nice and really does want you to learn, but is pretty disorganized. Overall, I still enjoyed his rants and random talks.
5.0 : Great professor. Take his class any chance you get!
5.0 : Simply the greatest man alive. Take his GESM.
5.0 : Nicest guy you will ever meet. Very few essays. Standard length is 1-2 pages. Midterm paper is 4 and Final is 3-5. Very easy class. If you do not raise your hand to say things, he will call on you to get you to participate because it is a seminar discussion class. Your only homework(that is not really THAT necessary) besides mini essays is to read.
5.0 : He is great! You have opinion papers to write every two weeks or so but they are only a page long and you can say whatever you want as long as it answers the prompt in some way. The class is discussion-based but the discussions are really easy going. He also looks out for you. And if you don't finish on time just tell him and he'll be nice about it
5.0 : Professor Slaughter is great! His class is very easy, and he makes sure to engage each student in the discussion since participation is important. There is only one book required for the class and I personally used it often, but other students got away with never getting the book at all. I highly recommend for freshman wanting an easy GESM.
4.0 : Knowledgeable about pop. But requires long practicing hours, and gives tests that need study guides. Had to put more efforts than expected.
5.0 : Amazing class and amazing teacher. Professor Szymanski is really invested in her students, and tries to make sure that her guest speakers cover several different areas in order to cover the varying interests of her students. Really good class to help you with networking, creating and molding a business concept, and working with others.
5.0 : Professor Szymanski is one of the best professors in Marshall. She helps students to start their own business and help you connect with expertise in any industry. If you are willing to put your effort to open your own startup, I HIGHLY recommend everyone to take her class.
5.0 : Despite being pre-law, I found Professor Szymanski's class to be very helpful to me. She is so well connected and can give you contacts in literally an area you're interested in. She also uses the socratic method, which is helpful for law school or anyone who wants to work on getting out of their comfort zone. Great class, and great professor.
5.0 : Professor Szymanski is extremely passionate about her students and about the material she teaches. She has lots of entrepreneurship and small business management experience, so her class is taught using lots of real-life stories and examples (which I enjoyed). She has a wonderful, bubbly personality which keeps lectures from being dry.
5.0 : Professor Szymanski is kind, passionate, and cares about her students and their goals. She has a lot of personal experience and brings in several guest lecturers who also have lots of experience. Extremely beneficial class! I would take a class with her again!
5.0 : A phenomenal class for those who are committed to starting their own business or just want to see what the latest start-up craze is all about. Ultimately, this class is tailored to make sure that every type of student learns something valuable. Professor Szymanski truly cares about her students and it's certainly rare to find  instructors like her.
5.0 : Professor Szymanski is one of the best professors I have had at USC. She truly cares about students and gives great feedbacks, not just for class, but even more so for your life and career. I am not a business student and I find it nice to have a mix of students from different majors to throw in ideas. If you have the chance, take this class.
5.0 : Professor Szymanski is a must-have professor for any student interested in entrepreneurship. Her concrete examples based off her experience illustrate the various challenges and successes students will face if they begin their own venture. Guest lecturers are amazing and come from a robust range of industries, skills, and interests. GREAT CLASS!
5.0 : Amazing professor, extensive real-life experience, genuinely cares about her students. Highly recommend!
5.0 : This is a great class for anyone who has ever thought about starting their own business. she brings in a good amount of guest speakers who come in from a lot of different areas in business to speak. Class has no textbook and is very focused on the lectures. We did a couple of in class case studies 1 group project and a final paper and presentation.
5.0 : This is an awesome class to get real-world exposure to entrepreneurship. On top of bringing inspiring entrepreneurs to class, Professor Szymanski sets up field trips outside of class to learn about real-world applications of small businesses. Ours was at JPL, which was amazing learning experience to see what goes into these space missions.
3.0 : She's strict on attendance and won't accept your homework if you don't show up. She just reads off the slides on the powerpoints. Don't have the textbook. Just understand the slides and it's an easy A.
5.0 : This was a really great class! Her lectures were really clear and while she says they're optional I would recommend going as her explanations are helpful, She's really inspiring and I loved hearing her take on economic situations.  I wish the discussion was optional rather than lectures. Read the textbook if you're confused on a chapter.
5.0 : I literally added him into rate my professor just so you all know how amazing this guy is. Easy class if you study. He is such a great lecturer, so passionate, so interesting, etc., etc. You WILL love him. Not one person dislikes him. Get to spend every week looking at dead bodies. What more could a premed student want?
5.0 : Dr. Habib is the best! We are so lucky as pre-med/pre-health students to be able to take a class with him. MEDS 320 is a lot of info but it doesn't feel difficult because it's so interesting and Dr. Habib spends a lot of time on each concept to make sure they're clear. I literally don't think there's a single person on earth who dislikes this man.
5.0 : Best professor! He just knows so much! He is very funny &amp; easy going. You have lecture and a cadaver lab each week. Lectures prepare you for the labs, which reinforce many of the concepts. If you put in the time &amp; effort you should do great. No textbook needed.  He is very clear about what will be on tests, lots of review opportunities. Great TAs.
5.0 : Saha is an amazing teacher and always makes her classroom a welcome place to learn and explore ideas.
4.5 : Saha is super enthusiastic; she spent the first two weeks learning everyone's names.  Her lectures aren't always the most organized, but shes super knowledgable, interactive, and a great teacher.  Haven't gotten a grade back yet, but she doesn't seem too strict.
5.0 : Saha was a great professor. She is super friendly and wants to get her students involved in the material. There are a fair amount of presentations in this class as well as debates so prepare for those.
5.0 : Saha is a great teacher. She genuinely cares about her students and will go the extra mile to help in any way possible. She's definitely a fair grader, and the tests actually test your understanding of concepts, not memorization. I wish she was offering a 400 level I could take
5.0 : Saha is both very professional and very approachable/friendly. She understands the difficulties in a student's life and will work with you to help you succeed in the class without going nuts. She will try to take dry material and liven it up and the projects will push you to actually engage and understand material. A genuinely nice person overall.
3.5 : Professor Saha is extremely kind and her lectures are clear, easy to understand, and helpful for the course. After the midterm, we turned in evaluations and she immediately implemented changes to the remainder of the course based on students suggestions and a class discussion.
5.0 : Professor Drew is amazing, especially for a subject as difficult as Linear Algebra. No quizzes, just homework &amp; two midterms. He's so clear and he really cares about you understanding him, so he's very open to questions, even during lecture (so don't be afraid to interrupt!). Please get to know him outside of class. He's a gem and you'll love him.
5.0 : great sense of humour. very kind and very helpful. definitely recommend taking the place. he's extremely knowledgable about what he's teaching.
5.0 : If he's teaching any math class you need to take, choose him. Smart, fair tests, reasonable amount of homework. Pretty hard to ask for a better math professor. Prof. Drew you rock! Tyvm for being my Linear Algebra teacher :)
3.0 : He is a very boring lecturer and I was confused most of the time. He tends to write equations or problems up on the board and before you can even read them he moves on to the next thing. I learned a lot of the material on my own because he explained things in a confusing way.
5.0 : The GOAT
4.0 : Professor Drew is smart to the point it's intimidating, but he's very helpful during office hours and tries his best to explain the concepts. Grading is typical: HW, 2 midterms, 1 final. The material is way too easy at first, but you better get an A on the first midterm to balance out the second because the class gets much harder immediately after.
4.5 : One of the better math professors at USC. Lectures were clear, he answered questions thoroughly, and gave us weekly homework he personally wrote that were very fair in difficulty and length. He also posted lecture notes on his website, along with homework answers after they were due. Attendance is graded but only worth 2.5%. Good and smart guy.
4.5 : Drew is a smart person who's also decent at giving lectures. Homework and both midterms were manageable if you studied. The class starts off almost too easy, but there is a huge spike in difficulty right after the 1st midterm as you delve into abstract material like vector spaces, so be wary of that. Despite this, he still does his best to explain.
3.5 : He teaches well, but tends to focus on proofs and his examples can be too abstract for the average student. Weekly homework that isn't too long like some other profs, but he writes them so no answer key for you. Agree with the rater below: DON'T BE FOOLED AT HOW EASY THE CLASS IN THE BEGINNING, IT GETS VERY HARD VERY FAST AFTER THE 1ST MIDTERM.
3.0 : He clearly cares a lot, but  his lectures aren't engaging, and if you need your math teachers to walk you through problems, you might have trouble in the second half of the class. Lectures aren't mandatory, but you should really go because the book doesn't correspond to what we learn in class. Class gets dramatically harder after the first midterm.
4.5 : He's pretty decent. He makes great effort to make his lectures relateable and his examples are very similar to the homework he assigns, probably because he makes them. The difficulty spike right after the 1st midterm is unreal though, so don't be misled by how ridiculously easy the material is the beginning. You have been warned.
4.0 : Professor Drew was really helpful, and he explained the material very well. His proofs could be a little rough to understand, but they were never tested. He gives out study guides for all exams and the final, and this was pretty much a mirror image of the actual test. Would take again for any math course at SC.
4.0 : Drew was a very fair professor. Unlike most professors, he gives a reasonable amount of homework, and the difficulty of the tests aren't bad at all. He also posts lecture notes online so even if you skip, you know what's covered. However, there was ZERO curve with the class so your grade might not be what you expect. He's a bro though, recommended.
4.5 : Dr. McGene is a very fair professor. She clearly states that everything that will be on the test will be what she talks about in class, so attendance is mandatory. The books are mostly assigned for the short 3 page papers she assigns. She realizes the lectures are long, but she makes them entertaining by making jokes. Attend class? Grade A.
4.5 : Professor McGene is an excellent teacher.  She keeps lectures entertaining and you learn a lot from them.  I've already taken her for 2 different sociology courses and would take her again if given the chance.  Class attendance is a must if you want to succeed.
5.0 : Very entertaining lectures! Very good professor.
5.0 : Dr. McGene is amazing. She's pretty strict about not accepting late assignments and mandatory attendance, but the class isn't that hard so it shouldn't be a problem. Her lectures are super entertaining (she doesn't allow laptops or phones so they have to be), and she makes even the most mundane topics interesting. Sassy &amp; funny professor.
5.0 : The funniest teacher I have ever had. She is hilarious and always willing to help you. Love her! I have taken two SOC courses with her now, and have done great.
4.5 : Dr. McGene only lectures without the use of powerpoints. You cannot skip class because attendance is taken and plus you need the info from her lectures. She's super clear about what is expected and what she wants you to know. She's funny and will sometimes call you out if you're asleep.
5.0 : Professor McGene is an expert in her field and a skilled communicator. She encouraged open dialogue in class - especially regarding ideas that were foreign or politically volatile. In office hours she was very patient and eager to discuss the implications of our work in class. She was one of the most engaging lecturers I've had at USC.
5.0 : Her syllabus is really intense (no phones, no laptop, no reentering class) and if it is scaring you into switching out--DONT! Dr. McGene's lectures are hilarious! She's wicked smart, engaging, and by far the BEST professor I've ever had. Her sociology of health class changed the way I think about medicine and disease. An awesome experience!
5.0 : Dr. McGene is great. Her lectures are very entertaining because of her humor and charisma and the class itself has few assignments. Attendance is mandatory, but she makes you want to come anyway. I highly recommend her class!
5.0 : She doesn't allow phones or laptops but she is so interesting and fun to listen to that it doesnt even matter. Attendance is mandatory both for points and for hearing her lectures. all of the information from the tests comes from lectures so if you go and pay attention, you never need to read. definitely worth it!
5.0 : Very good prof! I love her!!
4.5 : He is hilarious and knows much about films. He likes picking students to answer questions, but don't worry if you can't: he won't blame anybody.
4.0 : Brian is awesome. He is hilarious and starts the semester by giving everyone nicknames. As long as you show to class, show on time (so you dont miss important info), and you do all the steps of the bronze project correctly, you are likely to get an A. He is super lax and clear in instruction.
4.5 : Awesome professor. He's real, down-to-earth, chill, and gives you a real-world perspective. Really great person to know--he has an expansive network. Exams are fair. Homework assignments aren't bad, may take a bit of time, but overall, helpful. Very approachable and available.
4.0 : I usually hate math but I really enjoyed Cindy's class. She cares more about students understanding the material thoroughly than rushing through it to stay on schedule. She is very open to suggestion if the class feels something is not fair or not running smoothly. I definitely worked for my grade, but I didn't mind because she's great.
2.0 : Was good at explaining concepts in class but the content covered in lectures is extremely easy compared to test and quizzes. Many students got frustrated because they felt the lectures were useless. Also, during office hours, she is helpful only sometimes because she tries to get you to think about the problem but often is confusing when explaining
4.0 : Cindy is one of the best math teachers I've had at USC. She's very approachable and makes sure that everyone understands the content before moving on. She takes very clear and good notes in class that she later uploads online, which is really helpful. Homeworks are very manageable and weekly quizzes are ok too.
4.0 : She is probably the nicest human being I have ever met. Really wants students to succeed. My one gripe is that sometimes she spends too much class time teaching concepts that don't matter, so going to office hours with her or the TA would be a good idea. Definitely do the homework, as the quiz problems will likely be taken directly from here.
5.0 : She is a very approachable professor and good at explaining concepts. Her notes are super clear and helpful and she will make sure that everyone understands the topics before moving on. Her homeworks are very manageable and quizzes are easy if you do the work before.
5.0 : Great experience, one of the better math teachers in the department. Receommended.
5.0 : Best math teacher I've ever had.
5.0 : Everyone has a different style of learning, especially in math. However, Cindy is an all-around professor who will help you forget about your specific way of learning. She promotes a perfect balance of conceptual &amp; procedural understanding. Calc3 is challenging by nature but you'll feel accomplished w/ Cindy's teaching &amp; genuine help. She rocks.
3.0 : Cindy was an okay professor, I think most students enjoyed it though. I never payed attention in her class because the theory wasn't that important to me. The exams are relatively easy-- plugging and chugging with minimal understanding worked. This class is manageable if you use lamar  to teach yourself and do all the homework and quiz practices
5.0 : I'm not usually good in math but honestly it's been one of my favorite classes. Cindy teaches as if you are her friend. She makes each concept relatable and easy to grasp. Homework due each Friday and weekly quiz in discussion. If you don't go to discussion, it'll be more difficult. Cheat sheet allowed on midterms and final.
5.0 : As long as you pay attention in lecture and show up to the discussions (for which there are weekly quizzes and you can work on the homework together), you can easily get an A. Cindy makes the material quite easy to understand and she has a very sweet and caring approach to life which makes her more likeable.
2.0 : Her lectures don't prepare you at all for the discussions. The discussion worksheets are on stuff you don't learn about in the lecture. Doing the homework online is literally the only way to learn the material. It is possible to get a good grade, but the average is a C+ to B-.
3.0 : If you have taken calculus before, then take her class, you will have an average time. Otherwise, she is great at explaining the concepts. There is almost no homework except for quizzes in the discussion sections that you can study for by doing assigned practice problems. -
5.0 : The best instructor I have ever had.
4.5 : Soni is fantastic. Whenever he lectures, listen. The class is unbelievably easy and as long as you show up and take interest you will be fine. Religion is sometimes a difficult topic, but Soni makes it engaging and fun. He is a profound human being, very respected and award-winning, and is wonderful to have in the classroom. 100% take the class.
5.0 : Probably the best professor I've had at USC. An amazing and influential guy, Soni is also a great professor. Even though I took this course to fulfill a GE, his lectures were fascinating. There is one midterm, final, participation, and group project. Really easy to get an A, just make sure you have a general idea of what he discusses during class.
4.5 : The class is Super Easy. Just pay a little attention in class and an A is guaranteed. Also, it is quite interesting. Enough extra credit opportunities to help you get your grade on track, in case you messed up.
4.0 : Soni is a great lecturer in Global Religions in LA. He brings in great guest presenters, while still interjecting his own opinion. The quizes are straight forward and are just vocab that he writes on the board. The one group project is easy if you have a good group. Reading isn't mandatory in the class. Attendance is taken though.
5.0 : I made an account just so I can rate Dr. Soni. One of the best professor I have ever had. With his inspirational lectures and practically in his discussion he made its seem like coming to SC was worth it. Class is overall easy A, just show up, and its not boring @all. Grade is determined by TA. Before the quizzes we were provided study guides.
5.0 : great lecturer. Dr. Soni is an engaging storyteller
3.0 : Great professor. Cared a lot about her students, but she was a harsh grader.
4.0 : She is a smart professor, I'll give her that. But she is harsh in grading. Beware if she doesn't like your style of writing you are screwed. One bad paper out of four can effectively make you say goodbye to A.
3.5 : I absolutely hate writing, but her approachability made it much easier than any kind of English class I've taken before. She has tough grading criteria, so she'll make you work for that A but a B comes easy enough. She's young, knowledgeable and has an air about her that makes you feel as if you aren't in some ridiculous writing requirement course.
5.0 : Great professor. Aways there to answer questions, and pushes you to think further. Lectures are well organised and the materials she gives really make writing a  lot easier. Conversations with her are inspiring. She can always find the strength in your essays and ideas, so you actually feel the potential to be a good writer and want to write more.
4.5 : Best writing professor. She is so chill and so understanding! She's always willing to help and SHE IS SO SMART. All of her "lectures" (50 min) are easy to follow and she always gets the class to interact. It is a small class which is even better because she will really get to know YOU and your writing style. 100% RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Kate is such an amazing teacher. She is so helpful and sweet, she really has the student's best interest at heart. Also super lenient with deadlines and gives endless essay extensions if you ask. Really enjoyed this class!
5.0 : Kate is easily the best professor I've ever had. She is so sweet and is always willing to work around any difficulties that come up in your schedule. The class is super easy-- All it is really is 4 papers. Besides that, just show up and participate and you will have a way better experience in WRIT150 than all your friends.
4.0 : Cares about the students, not their marks. Focuses on making sure everyone learns. Encouraging environment
5.0 : This guy is an angel in disguise! He always offered help to me and to any students who needed it without hesitation. He took time out of one of his holiday breaks to message me while I was working on my final project and was completely stuck on something. He truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed.
5.0 : He is a great lecturer and a very nice person. This class was quite practical and exciting, and David made it very interesting. A lot of subjects discussed in class are heavily used in industry, so it was a great experience to have.
4.5 : Her class was one of the hardest classes I've ever taken. She assigns a lot of work, and grades harshly on the four 5-7 page papers assigned in the class. Nonetheless, if you're willing to put in the work and have some decent writing abilities when you enter the class, you will have a shot at a good grade. Class is curved at the end, I got an A.
5.0 : She is really helpful and I learned a lot from her class. The course itself is difficult and her grading is moderately harsh. So, do expect to put in a lot of effort. Good luck!
4.0 : She's a tough grader and I found her grading system to be excessively harsh and unfair. Definitely don't procrastinate if you want an A in this class. She assigns  many small writing responses that are useless and annoying. I really didn't enjoy her class. She is helpful however if you go for help and gives good feedback.
4.5 : Anne was a really sweet professor, but when it came to papers she was an extremely and unfairly harsh grader. I went to go talk about my papers with her and went to office hours, yet she still graded me hard throughout the semester.  Does a lot of peer reviews in class, which usually don't help. Interesting class, tough prof.
5.0 : Anne is awesome!! She's incredibly caring and hilarious, and gives great feedback. Protip: go to her office hours regularly, and she'll be more than willing to give you that extra hint with what she wants to see in your papers. She's one of the kindest professors I've had at SC. As long as you work hard in your class, you won't regret taking her.
5.0 : German as hell.  Ping Pong Master.  Awesome teacher but she grades pretty strictly (again, very German).  I would take her if you have a choice
5.0 : Anne makes one the hardest classes of freshman year amazing. She is one of the sweetest people I know, understanding and a very fair grader. You need to read before lecture, but that's only for a week or two every month. The readings are very relevant and interesting, drawn from mainstream media. I can genuinely say that I am a better writer now.
5.0 : Hard grader, but she gave great advice and really care about her students
5.0 : Anne is very kind and an amazing professor! She totally helped me become a better writer and made a mandatory class fun and worth my time. Get her if you can!
4.0 : She was good but gives a lot of homework.
5.0 : Everyone said that WRIT 150 would be such a burden of a class, and while there is a lot of work due to the multiple papers you are required to write for the semester, Schindel was very helpful in and outside of class to make sure that you produce the best papers possible. HIGHLY recommend! She's so nice and down to earth. You won't regret it.
5.0 : She's tough (but honestly what Writ 150 professor isn't?), but fair, and extremely helpful with feedback. If the topic she happens to be teaching is interesting to you, take her class!
4.0 : Funny and keeps lectures/discussions entertaining. All you basically have to do is show up. Some days you do peer-grading, and almost every class is just a discussion on readings assigned for that day, but not difficult at all. We had a total of 4 papers, and had about a month to write each. Had pretty wide freedom on writing topics. tough grader
5.0 : I loved Nik and his class! He was so funny and really helping during conferences or office hours. The readings were great and we always had cool discussions. The grading is hard as all WRIT150, but the class is fun :) If you can take his class, def do!
4.0 : Great writing professor who cares about his students and is hilarious. He is definitely a tough grader, but I wouldn't say he's the toughest out of all the WRIT150 teachers. He will definitely cancel classes here and there and he'll take a week off for each conference. If you're interested in the topic he's teaching, go ahead and take his class
2.0 : Nik is quite possibly the worst professor I have had at USC. His grading is quite ambiguous and seems to be very subjective. He is so disorganized, so you never know what he has received and has not received from you. Therefore, he is able to accuse you of not turning in small assignments. Avoid him at ALL costs.
1.0 : This is the class where your hard work doesn't matter. If you write well in his opinion, you get good grades. If you don't, you just don't. This is the class that you cannot improve no matter how much effort you put in. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. This is the one that will make you hate writing for the rest of your life.
5.0 : Dedominic was great and made the class interesting and exciting. He is a hard grader but met with me whenever I wanted to to go over papers and make them better. Also there's a revision. HE'S HILARIOUS TOO.
5.0 : Absolutely great
5.0 : He's probably one of the best teachers I have had so far. He really wants to hear your opinion and truly cares about all his students. As long as you do the small assignments for each paper and get his help you will do well. I definitely recommend him.
5.0 : I highly recommend Nik for Writing 150 at USC. Although he is a tough grader, he made the class extremely enjoyable and made it so I always wanted to attend the class.
4.5 : Super cool professor &amp; interesting topics. The class is like any other writing150 so expect to be graded on a curve &amp; do not expect an A. However, definitely one of my favorite classes of freshman year.
5.0 : super funny, easygoing professor.  writ150 is known to be a somewhat difficult class, so you do have to put in a decent amount of work but Professor De Dominic makes the class enjoyable and interesting.
5.0 : He is the coolest professor I have had since I've been here. He always attempts to make things more interesting and exciting, his classes are so much fun. I would recommend him for whatever class, he's the man.
5.0 : WRIT150 is a notoriously bad class at USC but Nik makes it that much less painful. He is often really chill with dealines for the first 3 projects if you ask for an extension your most likely going to get it except for WP4 since thats usually due on the last day of the semester. Classes are funny but the material is tough and I wouldnt expect an A.
5.0 : Kelly is extremely bright and inspiring. She really wants her students to succeed and has become a mentor to many. Her youth is refreshing and her class was a pleasure to take!
5.0 : Professor Sanders is inspiring and by far the best professor I've had at USC. She is at the forefront of environmental and sustainable issues and shares her knowledge and expertise in a great way.
5.0 : interesting topics. Great fun teacher
5.0 : P. Sanders is intelligent, well spoken, and interesting. The class does not have much reading or homework and the midterm were manageable.
4.0 : Dr. Sanders is very nice person. The class will definitively increase your knowledge in different topics related to energy and environment. Greatly recommend it
4.5 : Really loved her. She made me want to do accounting as a second major. I would absolutely recommend her for 286A. She knows what she's talking about, and is great at explaining. Her office hours are also incredibly helpful.
5.0 : She is extremely helpful, and made accounting bearable and actually enjoyable Would definitely take again.
4.0 : Suh is the most intelligent and dedicated professor I have had at USC. She teaches accounting in a way that is fun and engaging, but also makes the class harder than the other teachers. I have never worked so hard for a B in my life. Take her if you like a challenge.
5.0 : She is the the best teacher I have had at USC, even when almost failing the class. She wants you to succeed, and will do whatever she can to get you to do your best. For instance, she came in at 10 PM to answer last minute questions before our 8 AM final the last day. If you are like me and struggle with this subject, she is a savior! :)
5.0 : Prof. Suh is a great teacher. She cares so much about her students and really is invested in their success. She is tough and demands a lot, but if you are willing to put in the work she will make sure you understand the material. Taking her again next semester. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Just shut up and take her  Best professor I have ever had in my entire life. She cares TOO MUCH about students. She has office hours every day the week before the exam. Her classes are great and helpful, but if you learn on your own she gives you all of the tools you need to succeed.
1.0 : Overrated professor. Exams are extremely difficult.
3.0 : shes okay but is overrated. there are other professors just as good with easier exams and finals.
5.0 : Best class I've taken in Marshall so far. She makes accounting really fun and enjoyable and will literally have review sessions at 8pm on Sunday nights to make sure that all her students can make it. TAKE HER
5.0 : She is definitely the BEST professor in Marshall (or in USC). She explains everything very well, relating to real life application as well. She makes the boring accounting class so much interesting. Although the tests are not the easiest, but if you study hard, and seek help from her, you will be fine!!!
5.0 : If you want to learn acct then take her; if you want an easy A then bye. The excel labs are extremely helpful, directly applicable to my internship (Big 4). Very caring professor, approachable. As for the excel lab, you will be taking it with Julie no matter who is your course professor.
5.0 : She is an awesome professor. She works really hard to help students understand accounting and improve their grades. I think she is one of the most intelligent professor I have ever taken classes with. She is the combination of Athena and Venus!
5.0 : My favorite teacher I have ever had!  She was able to make accounting fun and enjoyable!  She also cares about her students and give great career advice!
5.0 : She's awesome. Take 286a rather than 285a simply because you get to take her. She's the reason I decided to do accounting
5.0 : Professor Suh, is downright the BEST professor I've ever had in USC. She cares for her students, so as long as you respect her as your instructor she will do the best she can to help you. She holds Saturday/Sunday review sessions before every midterm AND the final, so go to those! She's willing to go over things in OH if you have any problems!
5.0 : Anyone at Marshall would tell you that Suh's breathing new life into a geriatric undergraduate business program at SC. Seriously. She's cool, funny, respected, and her Excel labs on Friday mornings are INVALUABLE for any student thinking about competitive recruitment. Her sections fill up first for good reason. Believe the hype!
5.0 : The best Marshall has to offer. I was not excited about taking Accounting at all, but Professor Suh's energy made the class interesting and one I looked forward to every week. The Excel labs were super helpful as well; I used a bunch of what I learned in the labs during my internship. Take her!
5.0 : Julie is one of the most amazing and dedicated professors at Marshall and Leventhal. Her Excel labs, although they were at 8AM but only held three times a semester, were so helpful. I was even able to apply those same concepts in my Python coding class. This class is what made me fall in love with accounting.
5.0 : I loved her BUAD280 class so much that I was determined to take BUAD281 with her again. The Excel labs in this class built on top of the knowledge from BUAD280 and I learned even more than I had imagined. Through her Excel book, I was able to further my Excel skills. The only downside is that she doesn't teach the upper division accounting classes.
5.0 : Julie is incredibly intelligent and truly cares about her students. She's very available outside of class if you need help or want recruiting advice, and her Excel labs are EXTREMELY practical. Her class is difficult, but if you work hard and go to office hours you shouldn't have a problem. Highly recommend.
5.0 : TAKE HER. Her lectures are fun and easy to understand. You will actually learn how accounting works, not leaning on rote memorization. Similarly, she constructs her excel labs to make you think critically rather than blindly memorizing Excel formulas. She is very friendly and approachable outside of class as well!
5.0 : Julie Suh is by far the best professor at USC. She really cares about her students and goes the extra mile. She makes things interesting and shows how they apply to real world situations. She does little examples as she goes through the slides to help you understand. Excel labs are amazing and will teach you how to model the right way and well
5.0 : Professor Suh is an amazing professor. The lectures in class always provided real life applications and the excel labs were extremely helpful. The excel labs provide an opportunity to get insight into workplace best practices (for excel) such as pro forma model, bond amortization and depreciation. A must take for business/accounting majors.
5.0 : Julie Suh is hands down the best professor I have ever had. Not only is she an incredible educator, but she actually cares about her students! She not only convinced me to become an accounting major, but she also taught me excel skills that were absolutely invaluable during my internship last summer and has given me great career advice many times.
5.0 : Accounting classes in Marshall are all tough, regardless of professor so there's no way to ease your way out of this. Most kids are not good at/don't like accounting so class averages are pretty low. Professor Suh is the best and most well-versed professor w/ real life experience and makes the class as fun as possible. Tests are pretty tough.
5.0 : Julie is one of the best accounting teachers. She cares for her students &amp; will go above-and-beyond for you (staying till 10 pm for office hours). She also holds review sessions before the exams -- very helpful. Attendance isn't mandatory, but there are questions you do and turn in in class. Optional hw;  tests can be completed within time frame.
5.0 : Julie is a great professor, and really tries to make Accounting as interesting as possible (and even fun sometimes). 280 is more difficult in my opinion; 281 has more room for projects so overall I felt it was an easier class. She can be tough on you but shes always available outside of class and wants to help. Labs arent bad but YOU MUST SHOW.
5.0 : The best professor I've ever taken at USC! I was dreading accounting so much, but she somehow managed to make the class enjoyable. Her teaching style is very clear &amp; she is so enthusiastic! She goes out of her way to help by having review sessions/holding extra office hours. Accounting isn't easy but taking her has made it a better experience! :)
5.0 : She is one of the BEST professors in Marshall! Don't miss an opportunity to take a class with her. This is my first time rating a professor and I am doing it because she is SO GOOD! She will ALWAYS help you, INSPIRE you, lectures are SUPER CLEAR and INTERESTING! She will make you LOVE accounting! She is a FANTASTIC teacher!  So yea, TAKE THE CLASS!
5.0 : THE BEST PROFESSOR EVER. Prof. Suh presents material in a clear manner, and if you don't understand it, she will go over it with you until you do. Her office hours are very helpful. Just go! Provides review sessions before midterms/final and practice exams before each test. She's so good she makes you want to switch your major to accounting.
5.0 : Hands down best professor I have had (and probably will have) at USC. She is ALWAYS willing to help you and goes above and beyond for her students. The class kicks your butt but you come out feeling like you've learned a lot. Definitely go to office hours for help and post-midterm because she'll add partial credit.
5.0 : She is one of the nicest and most helpful professors I have had at USC so far. It is a very hard class if you have no experience with accounting but the only reason I got through the class was because of her. She is so thoughtful and there for you all the time. Best prof. I have ever had because she actually cares about you.
5.0 : Professor Suh makes accounting interesting. I love her accounting examples  in class. I took accounting classes before coming to USC, so I do not find the class difficult. But many people are struggling with the class because you really need to work hard and do all the practice problems. Her mock exams and review sessions are extremely helpful.
4.5 : Professor Suh is HILARIOUS. She makes sitting in class for 2 hours learning accounting fun. She is very relatable to young students. She's always there for her students, holding extra office hours, and unpaid excel workshops. HOWEVER the tests gave me diarrhea. Get ready to spend hours studying and not seeing the results you want.  Hardest class.
5.0 : Cares so much about her students and you learn so much. But if you are looking for an easy class, pick another professor. Well worth it if you want to truly get accounting on a conceptual level.
4.0 : It's true, she's a great professor. Very fun, relatable, and entertaining for students. However, the class is very hard. Accounting in general is hard so I don't know that she could've done anything to make it easier. She holds extra office hours and is there to help you. Stayed past the time limit on the final for students still working on exam.
1.0 : Overrated. Don't take her.
4.0 : 4 midterms, 25% each, lectures aren't mandatory. If you just put in the effort to do practice problems, you should be totally fine.  People who say that BUAD306 is "notoriously hard" are the same people who don't come to class or give little to no effort. BEST thing about Ozbas is that he's VERY responsive to emails (helped me at 2am once)
4.0 : 306 is one of the notoriously tough classes at USC. In my opinion, Ozbas is the best way to go as he is the best and most helpful professor and his syllabus is 4 midterms worth 25% each and no final. Some of the other prof's do projects, case studies, HW etc. which is weird for finance but helps people who don't like tests. He's very helpful.
4.0 : Jian Laoshi is really nice and cares about his students. His lectures are a bit confusing but he always answers questions. He is really funny and easy going . There is a lot of work but what language doesn't?
3.0 : As a person he is very kind and funny. If you miss a quiz, he will always let you make it up. His lectures are confusing, and his powerpoints are VERY confusing. I did most of my learning by reading the book outside of class.
4.5 : Jian laoshi was a great teacher. Tries to be a funny guy. Helpful in and out of class. Easier than other Chinese professors, but definitely learned a lot.
5.0 : He's so funny and nice! I loved him and he wants you to pass the class!
5.0 : Approachable and lighthearted. He makes class entertaining and leaves plenty of room for questions and explanations. Cold calls but I needed that extra inspiration to study. Lots of graded homework but gives you a chance to redo it for more credit.
5.0 : Jian laoshi is one of the best Chinese teachers at USC. He is helpful, understanding and very approachable. If you are planning on taking Chinese, you MUST take his class.
5.0 : He makes learning chinese sooo easy entertaining and fun! Highly recommend
4.5 : Pollack is an awesome professor who can easily relate the course content to the students. He keeps up with what's relevant in the world and applies it to the assignments in the class. The work done in class can be applied to the real world and even shown in a portfolio. He's a working professional who can guide people about to enter the job market.
3.0 : His lectures are fairly confusing and he has difficulty articulating his thoughts coherently. This is a very apparent problem but the textbook can provide the clarity that he often lacks. The material is dense and somewhat challenging but grading is fair because there is a generous curve with extra credit.
4.5 : Great class; tests are hard and short so mistakes may bring down your grade but the  curve is fairly generous. Entire grade it 3 tests but he gives extra credit which is pretty easy. Definitely and interesting person and always loved going to his class; promotes good discussions and is very enthusiastic about the subject
5.0 : He's great! Super difficult course material, but he digests it down into understandable pieces.
5.0 : Pretty awesome guy. Very nice, approachable, and receptive to questions. Encourages asking questions in lecture. Material can be dense, difficult, and sometimes even a little dull but the slides usually do a good job of summing up the main idea. Learned a lot from Prof. Z and the class, would highly recommend.
5.0 : Professor Zevin assigned a ton of homework, but it was pretty easy (busy work). Tests were pretty hard.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had so far at USC. Sometimes comes off as spacey during lecture (he's just a super chill person/sometimes struggles to articulate himself), it is very evident that he is an expert in his field. Clarifies confusing concepts well, very fair with grading. Somewhat difficult exams, so be sure to study/read!
5.0 : Great professor! He's just graduated from USC in May 2014 and was hired right away! He's obviously a brilliant guy. Lectures are always very clear. Homework is clear and you know what he expects from you. If you keep up in class and don't miss too many lectures, you'll do fine on the midterm. Definitely would take him again for future classes.
5.0 : He is amazing! I took two classes with him and I love both of them. The javascript class makes me love writing codes and want to explore more in this area. Midterm is relatively hard but if you review the slides and assignments very carefully, you could definitely get high scores.
5.0 : Lectures are very straightforward and are you coding along with him in class. very hands on. Homeworks are very manageable just make sure to give yourself enough time for the final project. Had to study a little bit for the midterm but knowing how to code up examples will help make passing manageable.
5.0 : Going in to the class knowing nothing about code, a semester with Prof. Nguyen made me really love and want to learn more about it. Super clear with lectures and explains any question in class very thoughtfully. He "teaches" with greater clarity and pace than other professor. Hoping to take another upper-level coding class with this Prof.
5.0 : Great class and teacher. Learnt quite a bit about PHP/MySQL. The lectures are practical and the assignments are hands-on. If you follow along, you will do great!
5.0 : A really good guy, clearly wants every student in his class to succeed, especially those who don't have coding experience. Very quick to respond to emails and always willing to help/answer your questions. Straightforward lectures and very clearly communicated guidelines/expectations on all assignments. The midterm was tough but curved generously.
5.0 : This guy is a blessing. Lectures are hands on (code along) and he teaches with great clarity and pace - rare in Viterbi. He is very encouraging and makes sure you don't feel stupid for asking questions - also rare. Assignments aren't bad if you pay attention in lectures. Exam is manageable if you review slides. Be sure to start final project early.
4.0 : Katherine taught undergrads for the first time this fall. There is a ton of reading in the class, and the whole class is discussing the reading. Regardless, she does make the discussion based, and she rarely interjects her own opinions, since she wants the students to talk. There are only 3 papers, but all of them require quite a bit of research.
4.5 : I really enjoyed the class, discussions where based on the readings so you NEED to do  them in order to participate in class. Readings where primarily scholarly research (on average about three reading assignments per night).   There are only three papers to write, but they all require you to do research.  Overall an amazing professor!!!
5.0 : She was amazing! I love her as a person and she cares about her students! A+ teacher! Even though I got a B, but I mean, whatever.. Hi Rebecca, if you're reading this, then you were a super person!
5.0 : Rebecca did an excellent job with my class. I firmly believe that I have improved as a writer because of her class. Rather than going through WRIT 150 as I would go through any other mandatory class, I felt myself really absorbing the things I learned. I definitely recommend Rebecca as a WRIT 150 instructor.
5.0 : Prof. Baishya was really helpful in conveying why reading non-western texts is important. The readings cover diverse historical and cultural examples, but it taught me how to look at questions of power across different texts and mediums such as books and films. Be prepared to read and post if you take this class.
5.0 : Professor Anirban is simply amazing! I took his Humanities course this Fall at UHCL and I'm very glad that I did. I originally was assigned to another professor but due to scheduling conflicts, he took over. I was nervous at first because I wasn't sure of the course criteria but I soon grew to love his course. He's very, very caring. Take him!
4.0 : Anirban is a great adviser for Professor Casper. His discussions are very interesting, and he is always available to meet if you have any questions. He is also extremely fair when it comes to grading. Take his discussion if you take CTCS 190.
3.5 : Greenfield is good. You don't need the book to do well in the class. His exams were not that difficult if you studied and did the homework. Make sure to do well on the group projects and you should do well overall. His lectures end early and you get candy if you go to office hours.
5.0 : He has so many office hours and he's a very patient professor. His slides and the material he presents is really organized.
5.0 : AMAZING PROFESSOR! Is more than willing to meet with you in office hours or even one on one, and genuinely wants everyone in the class to understand programming. Definitely do go to his office hours, as they are incredibly helpful. His jokes are corny but funny, and he really tries to relate to the students. I can't recommend Nathan enough!!!
4.0 : Greenfield is a good guy. As an objective teacher, he is incredible at explaining concepts. His dumb jokes are always welcome during a stressful day. The class itself is one of my favorites ever. The written tests SUCK though and are terrible at judging one's ability. His biggest fault is he rarely admits when he doesn't know something.
5.0 : Nathan is awesome-- definitely take a class with him if you have the chance! Overall this class was pretty standard for ITP, you have homeworks due every other week and weekly labs. Nathan usually lectures for half of class then allots time to work on homework-- I recommend sticking around during this time for help. Biggest advice: start HW early
5.0 : It was my first time programming so it wasn't the easiest class, but Nathan definitely made the class fun!
5.0 : Amazing professor, amazing class. Content moves pretty quickly, but the labs are very helpful in reinforcing previous content. Go to office hours for help on homework. Exams are pretty straightforward, skim through the lectures again and look at the homework/labs. Show up for class, labs aren't worth that much but you don't learn otherwise.
4.0 : Funny guy, sometimes a little corny. But he knows his stuff in C++ and is super nice and helpful at office hours and open lab hours. There are always a ton of people asking for help in lab hours though, so you might not get his help right away. Free pizza in lab hours, at least in my semester (Spring 2016). Final brought me down from an A tho :'(
5.0 : best! he is a bomb teacher! very very very helpful and accommodating! cracks stupid jokes which lightens the atmosphere of the class. go to office hours as that will make your life much easier. can't emphasis enough how much happier you'll be taking his class over any other professors. also, extremely knowledgable about the ITP program in general.
4.0 : Nathan is a very funny guy. You enjoy every moment of this class. There is a lab every session so be prepared.
5.0 : 100/10 would take Nathan's class again! Absolutely loved learning python from him and will definitely take any class of his in the future. I had trouble in between and would go to his office hours on Friday and sit with him for up to 4 hours. He was always willing to help and it was a pleasure being in his class!
4.0 : He's a funny guy. Willing to help with labs very well during office hours. Would recommend. Unlike ITP165, there's no lab after lecture, so you don't need to go to every class as the lecture slides are online. Homework is assigned every two weeks compared to every week from ITP165, but they're much longer and harder so be prepared.
5.0 : Awesome professor, makes reference jokes, lectures are clear and well organized. Nathan is also very helpful during office hours, DO GO TO THEM as I wouldn't have finished my homeworks otherwise. Overall great course, great professor.
4.5 : Nathan is great.  Willing to work with you during office hours, and is readily accessible by email.  The class is difficult, especially because it's a 2-unit class and especially if you haven't had prior experience with C++, but he makes it really enjoyable.
5.0 : Great teacher! She "knows her stuff," and shares her experience in class, which is extremely helpful. She is a fair grader--she expects a lot from her students, but gives us what we need to succeed.
4.0 : Professor Goldstein was my first USC class, not a hard grader by any means, she talks about the homework in class but the class is very early so participation is not as great as it should be. Very positive professor and gets a lot of good feedback for her students. But I feel like I could have learned a lot more from a different professor. Easy A.
5.0 : I really enjoyed my class with Prof Edwards. She is extremely knowledgeable about the material. She was the first professor that I had that took time out for individual meetings with her students. A lot of class participation but well worth it! I feel like I will be a better social worker because of her.
4.0 : She is a good professor. She is clear on what she expects out of you, will work with you on extending your due dates, will give you a lot of feedback, and is really good at keeping the class friendly. One of the best professors I have had in the program.
5.0 : She is awesome!!
3.5 : WRIT150 is a tough graded classes anyway, and so she is a tough grader. Apart from that a very helpful and a welcoming professor and she puts up interesting lectures.
4.0 : She's super nice and does a good job of introducing all her students to one another so that the daily group discussions were fun and not awkward. She was definitely a tough grader, but that's to be expected from WRIT 150. Compared to my friends' stories about their writing professors, I'm glad I chose her.
5.0 : Rochelle, as she asks to go by, is the most sincere and friendly professor I had my first year. She's a great lecturer and obviously is a very talented writer, but also definitely subscribes to the C's on the first paper paradigm. Great mentor for writing, but tough on your GPA.
5.0 : She's the best! Readings were super easy and interesting
5.0 : Loved this teacher! At first she was really shy but she warmed up to me and the class was really interesting! She provides helpful feedback, is super nice, and is very reasonable. Homework is assigned for every class but nothing is unexpected. Overall very nice, reasonable grader, and I looked forward to going to her class!
5.0 : Kind of hard grader but I think most of the 150 professors are. Otherwise great lecturer and interesting class. Very friendly and does a lot to explain to you how you can improve your essays.
5.0 : Kruse is so helpful!! She gives you amazing feedback and really improved my writing skills. Just like all writing 150 class, it's not that easy. But I strongly recommend her for writing 150!
5.0 : WRIT-150 is a tough class, but I think it has more to do with a tough standardized grading scale than the professors. Kruse is a very nice professor and she likes to foster discussion, so it's a great class if you like to talk. Her office hours are also super helpful and she gives good feedback on your papers.
4.5 : Dr. Kruse is amazing. She really is there for you so go visit her office hours to discuss your papers. Also, do the extra credit works.
5.0 : Professor Kruse is an amazing professor that really cares about her students. Feedback is fantastic and will improve your grade if included. She also structures the class so that the end of the semester is not too hard, unlike so many other WRIT classes. Participation also matters, she likes the outspoken!
4.5 : Dr. Kruse is a very helpful writing teacher. Her way of teaching writing, I would call it, is heuristic. If you follow her steps and complete all the homework with effort, you will really find out how a good academic paper should be developed. I really appreciate her devotion to class.
4.0 : One of the sweetest professors out there. She really helps with discussing papers and always has office hours for you. Also great extra credit opportunities. But, the class itself was really boring because there was never a structure. You will improve your writing but only because of your own hard work, not because you were taught how to write.
5.0 : Professor Kruse cares so much about her students and is always trying her best to help them improve their grade. If you go to her office hours, it will pay off because she is super helpful and tells you exactly what you need for your paper. She is so sweet, and although a tough grader, always helps you become a better writer.
5.0 : Professor Johnson was understanding and considerate of what the students wanted and needed. Her course objectives and contents were really straightforward. She gives you a topic every few weeks and you write papers based on them. The final portfolio includes the last paper and revision of one of the previous papers. Also has a hilarious personality
4.5 : she's a really cool writ150 teacher. her grading is very reasonable, not easy but not horribly difficult. she has a fun personality which i think helped bond our class. highly recommend!
2.0 : The grading isnt the best and doesnt give good feedback. You need to do everything in class or else you will not get a good grade. Dont expect this class to be easy.
5.0 : Professor Johnson was a terrific WRIT 150 teacher. Now, that didn't make the class as a whole enjoyable, but it made me look forward to going to class, even as an engineer who dislikes writing. She gavevery helpful tips for the essay writing process and clearly cared about the success of all of her students.
4.0 : I took Professor Johnson's WRIT 150 Technology and Social Change class. Compared to other WRIT 150 classes, this one was manageable. She makes you work for your grade, but she rarely gives homework (if she does, it's related to the papers), and often ends class early. She also integrates fun activities and videos to help us understand the topic.
5.0 : Prof Johnson is definitely not a harsh grader, she will give you the grade your paper worth it. She makes what she expects in the paper clearly. Not much hw, no readings, just things like 2-pages of writing project to make sure you can keep up with the progress. She is caring and accessible after class.
5.0 : Good WRIT 150 professor. Her class structure and assignments are organized and clear. Grades fairly and gives good feedback. Tries to relate with the students and understand them. Sometimes tries to make the class fun with her creativity and humor. Would recommend taking her if you want a lax class; but you will still learn how to write properly.
5.0 : Best WRIT150 prof. Always gives proper grades. Other profs will fail your first paper just to fail your first paper. Johnson is energetic ad keeps the class moving. Attendance is mandatory, however! Worth it tho.
5.0 : Ms. Johnson is a very caring prof, and is always open to your questions and to help you with your papers. She made WRIT 150 less painful than the stereotypes. If you have the chance, highly recommend. Minimal hw, primarily papers due every few weeks, but she clearly outlines everything you need to do. Also, very knowledgeable and great personality
4.0 : Great WRIT-150 teacher. Her grading is fair and clear, and she gives very helpful feedback on papers to understand your grade and how to improve. I also really appreciated the fact she didn't give mindless homework-- assignments were always in line with the next paper due. She's also very funny.
5.0 : Professor Summerlin is really great. He provides interesting aspect of the course, making this lengthy course enjoyable. I recommend taking his class to all of my business-major friends.
5.0 : Summerlin was one of my favorite teachers I've ever had at USC. If you can get him for your discussion, DO IT!!! He is so smart, approachable, clear, and helpful. If you go to discussion, do the assignments, and speak up in class (which he makes completely non-intimidating and very easy to do), he will fight for you to get an A. He is amazing.
5.0 : Easily the most useful and enjoyable course I've had at USC!
5.0 : Throughout an extremely busy semester, Professor Summerlin was very patient and calm and  made an excellent effort to get to know and help his students out.
1.0 : Horrible professor. This class is so unorganized. Don't know what is happening. The professor seems clueless.
5.0 : Great professor! Great communicator and explained the material very well!
5.0 : Be ready for a lot of assignments, and take with professor Summerlin if possible. He helped to make much of the material more relevant and useful.
5.0 : His discussion was really entertaining. He is interactive with students, making everyone participate and follow the discussion. He is really knowledgeable on the subject and explains all the topics incredibly well. I would wish all the Professor at USC be as great as Michael Summerlin. He has a great relationship with students.
5.0 : The most amazing class I have ever had.  I tell all my friends to  take Professor Michael Summerlin's class!
5.0 : I felt as though Dr. Summerlin put forth more comprehensive ways of looking at organizational behavior and leadership which gave me a deeper understanding of the course concepts.
5.0 : I highly recommend you take his class!!
4.5 : Dr. Summerlin has been my favorite professor at USC thus far. It is obvious that he is incredibly brilliant, but his kindness and calming demeanor are refreshing for someone with such prestige. His class was not overly challenging, but is definitely very interesting and allows for immense amounts of self-reflection. Love, love, love Summerlin!
5.0 : He has a great understanding of the subject and really breaks things down to their simplest, most understandable form. The course itself isn't tough- just lengthy. He takes a psychological aspect for a lot of the modules, making the matters relatable and easy to grasp. Just work on the cases,  go to discussion and answer a question for an A!
4.0 : Professor Summerlin is by far the easiest of the BUAD 304 discussion teachers, and it's no surprise that the students in his lectures do the best (I got an A in the class and while I had to work hard at times, it was never unreasonable). He's clear, very approachable, and always understanding. He welcomes any and all participation. Take his class.
4.5 : Jessica was super sweet and cares a lot about her students. If you do the homework assigned every week you are almost guaranteed 10/10 on every one. She grades easily and I didn't get below an 85 on either midterm or the final. I tried to drop this class in the first week because it was so boring but it was an easy A and Jessica is a super nice TA.
5.0 : Salomone is my favorite professor at USC! His class is a lot less work than the other 307 classes, and much more engaging. The class is very interactive and involves few lectures and homework assignments. Gives great career advice as well.
1.0 : need to memorize tons of stuffs, difficult mc and 7 essays in tests
5.0 : Professor Salomone is the greatest teacher to ever bless USC with his presence. He takes the time to make sure that all of his students succeed both in and out of class. Don't make the mistake of not taking his class, no matter what it is!!
5.0 : Prof Salomone is the best business teacher I've had so far. His class isn't really lecture/note heavy. That's not really his style. His style is more practical. He gives you his own personal business experiences and tries to teach you some important lessons/pointers that can be useful to your own business career. All you got to do is truly listen.
5.0 : Prof Salomone is great. He succeeds in engaging with the content; his lectures are so interesting and he puts so much effort in them that even if I had 8 ams I could still enjoy them. He's also a very easy grader, and the midterms don't really require specific knowledge. The group projects are engaging and make you feel like you learned something.
4.0 : Funny professor, really fun lectures that are usually interactive. Easy A and chill class--he really tries to make sure that you are prepared for the midterm and projects. I didn't think I was learning anything (considering I paid little attention in class) but I was surprised when I knew a lot that Salomone had helped me learn in more fun ways.
5.0 : Professor Salomone is by far the best teacher I have ever encountered at USC. By far the most knowledgeable and passionate about what he teaches and has a deep love, care, and respect for his students and their ideas. Fair tests, make sure you pay attention in lecture and read the textbook. Sets the bar for USC Marshall professors!
4.0 : Professor Salomone was captivating throughout the entire semester! He was always very enthusiastic, and always shared great real-life stories. You can tell that he knows what he's talking about, he doesn't simply following the book instructions. I don't plan on pursuing a career in marketing, but he made it a very entertaining and interactive class
3.0 : Knows how to teach, but grading criteria is UNCLEAR. Our group was told that he liked our idea, did a great job on our presentation that has no clear grading criteria and still got a B. 86/90 on a midterm is a B+ (what?), so if you want to get an A in his class, make sure he knows you well. Felt totally betrayed :/
5.0 : Professor Salomone made 307 my favorite class this semester. He clearly spells out what is expected of you, so there are no surprises and confusion on grading criteria. Each class is better than the previous. He truly cares about each student and their growth professionally, personally, and academically.
5.0 : He has been my favorite teacher at SC. He will help you tremendously during exams to clarify questions and lead you to the right answer. He is a genuine professor and cares about his students.
5.0 : I loved this class! It was a great GE. I don't have any background in psychology or statistics and she made sure everyone in the class was always on the same page and understood everything. She tried to make info applicable to the real world. Her lectures were really interesting!  Her tests were clear and easy to prepare for. Great class.
4.5 : Vuk assigns absolutely no homework. Couple short quizzes, midterm, and final, and takes your best scores to try and maximize your grade. Had him at 8 AM on a monday which I regret, as I missed and slept through classes. However, if you pay attention, he teaches you everything you need to know. Textbook helps to clarify even further, not necessary.
4.0 : Took Authenticity and Popular Music, found it super interesting being a fan of music throughout modern history. There are many books and readings but they are there to help you understand material and most of them are pretty interesting. If you don't care about the topic then the class will be more of a struggle.
5.0 : Super sweet woman. She REALLY cares that you become a better writer by the end of the class, and even though she mostly talks broadly, there are a few really specific tips she gave. She's blunt like a true Bostonian, but that makes her a better student because you know specifically how to do well by the end of the class. Best WRIT 150 experience.
5.0 : I got really lucky taking her class, she doesn't do the "automatic C" thing, and instead of giving 4 of the same essay, she gave 2 regular essays and 2 other types of writing, which was very helpful and much easier to deal with that 4 essays. Make sure you proofread your work and actually do all the little assignments, they're completion-only
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Makes you work for the grade, but you learn so much about writing and life. You can choose most essay topics, and she gave different kinds of projects like infographics and op-eds so there was tons of variety. I grew way more as a writer in her class than any other English class I've taken at USC.
5.0 : She's an awesome writing professor--manages to make a boring class really interesting. Hilarious, young, relatable. Would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Jess is trained in creative writing and is good at giving feedback and helping you build your skills. She's super funny, she genuinely wants you to do well and wants you to know that she's a valuable resource in getting where you need to be writing-wise. This is a required class that everyone hates, but Jess makes it bearable. Take this class!
5.0 : Dr. Piazza made my last college writing class a great experience. She's also really funny and a cool person. Some of my other friends didn't get anything out of writing classes with different professors, but I definitely learned to be a better writer in her class. There were a lot of papers but all WRIT 340 classes have that.
4.5 : Everyone you ask will say WRIT150 sucks and that's true, but Jess makes class worth going to. She knows what she is doing and will teach you everything you need to be successful. The class is structured to be difficult but if you listen to what she teaches and ask for help you will do fine. Also, she is just a really chill person.
3.0 : Writing 150 your writing skills are supposed to improve, however I made the same grade on every paper and was extremely disappointed by the lack of feedback on the final paper. Gave back papers the day before the next one was due (so you had no time to review feedback). Very funny, but not organized and grading seemed unfair. Also, too political.
4.5 : Great learning. Hard class but lots of real world examples and very knowledgeable professor.
5.0 : Professor Coker isn't easy but if you are willing to put in the work, his class is one of the best learning experiences here at USC. He used to be the CTO of a large multinational and has loads of real world stories he brings to classes.
5.0 : Smart, funny, made me care about a subject I hadn't really thought much about. She's an excellent speaker and also tries to involve students in discussion. I will be looking for other classes to take with her.
5.0 : Professor Ponzio is amazing, and I love her class.  I'm not huge on lectures, which unfortunately is the format required of this class, but she is so funny and caring that I really don't mind it.  She really makes an effort to know you, and she's not into tricks or anything, it's clear she just wants you to learn.
5.0 : Dr. Ponzio is the BOMB. She strongly believes that teachers should not trick their students, so she is amazingly transparent with her grading criteria. Do the weekly quizzes, write the occasional reflections, study for the exams, do the extra credit, and you will get an A. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!
5.0 : Best teacher Ive had at USC! She doesnt believe in tricks or curves, so she provides very clear study questions. The actual essay questions on test are taken directly from study guide. There is weekly online quizzes that take less than 10 minutes. She lets students do up to 65 points of extra credit, so if you want an A, you will get an A!
5.0 : Dr. Ponzio is amazing! She is very straight forward when it comes to grading and wants to see her students succeed. There are no tricks in her class, just pay attention and you'll be fine. She gives you a study guide for every test and drops the lowest one. More professors should be like her because she makes learning fun! Everyone should take her!
5.0 : Dr. Ponzio is so funny, entertaining, and knowledgeable. The class is based on weekly online quizzes, 4 very fair tests, 2-page reflections, and participation. Final is worth one test and places little stress in the midst of finals week. She offers 65 points of extra credit, and if you want more, she would gladly give you more.
5.0 : Dr. Ponzio is an amazing professor- by far the best teacher I've had at USC! She makes class fun and engaging and genuinely cares about her students. I highly recommend taking any class you can with her.
5.0 : I took the class a year ago and the everyone in the class loved this teacher. Probably still my best teacher I have had.
5.0 : Ali is AMAZING! She is so engaging and always makes the lectures very interesting and relevant. She is honestly one of the best teachers I have ever had
5.0 : Although the majority of the class is lecture, she makes it really interesting and funny. Definitely take her!!!
5.0 : Dr. Ponzio is super fun, very kind, and really is to connect with. If you show up to class and participate even a little bit, she will appreciate you. Her lectures are very interesting, tests are easy, and she is an easy grader. She wants her students to do well. Extra credit is also given on exams. Definitely take her class, and get to know her!
5.0 : Professor Ponzio is absolutely amazing. Lectures were always fun and engaging. She truly cared about all of her students and was always willing to help out during office hours. She does not trick her students, and if you do the work you will succeed. Great class!
4.0 : This prof. is awesome! She always kept the material engaging and she was really accommodating if you communicated with her clearly. She's awesome!! Such a great class and learned a ton while still keeping it real.
5.0 : YOU CAN LEARN A LOT OF USEFUL STUFF ON HIS CLASS
5.0 : One of the best instructors so far among classes that I took in USC. Professor Udwadia is very smart and he explains the materials in a very understandable manner, even to people from non-MechEng background (me, from CompSci). Very recommended. He is definitely one of the best professor in Analytical Dynamics!
5.0 : Tough grader, but is really clear in what he wants and expects for the next paper, so it's pretty easy to improve if you put in the work. Would take again! Econ as a writing 150 subject doesn't sound very interesting, but it's very crystal clear and papers aren't so bad to write actually.
5.0 : He's a great writing teacher. You will success if you participate in class and ask questions. Great teacher, great guy.
5.0 : No idea why she is so tough and hard to communicate
5.0 : Dr. Kay is a great professor! She is very knowledgeable and experienced in the field. Her classes are super chill and she does a great job of explaining concepts. Very accessible and understanding. Super helpful during office hours and she rewards students for effort. One of my favorite professors so far!
5.0 : Dr. Kay is extremely intelligent and experienced in her field, yet she manages to simultaneously be really accessible to students. She explains concepts excellently, and you should go to office hours if only to get to know her better. Don't be afraid to ask any questions in class, no matter how stupid. She really cares - take her for BME 101!
3.0 : Intro to Java, not such a clear instructor, for a beginner it was hard to follow along after the second exam. You have to put work into your code or else you will not do well and you have to study for the exams and do the book work.
5.0 : Super nice teacher who made Java super easy (maybe a bit too easy). Brought in her kids for Halloween and baked cookies/treats for us multiple times - she's the best.
5.0 : She is the best professor you can take for any introductory ITP class for programming. Java is a great and useful language to learn. She understands that none of the students are computer science majors, so the classes are wayyyyyyyy, way, wayyyyyy easier than the real CSCI courses, but you still learn a lot. Not hard to get a flat A.
4.0 : Nice professor that is very helpful. If you are willing to put in the time/effort, you will do well in this class. However, some of the homework assignments can take a lot of time. So be prepared to dedicate more than just "2 units" to this class. The exams are written, which can be an adjustment for typing. Otherwise, it's a great intro class.
5.0 : Kendra is a great professor and really works hard to make the class a good learning experience for students. She is very receptive to student feedback and accessible for help on projects during office hours. ITP 368 is a relatively new class so it was a bit disorganized when I took it. There are a lot of homework assignments in this class as well.
5.0 : She is the best ITP professor to take at USC. Very easy to pass and understanding, just pay attention in class and you will get an A. Also don't try to cheat  she is very good at catching cheaters and if you are caught you will lose all her graces. Easiest programming class to take at USC.
5.0 : Professor Kendra is awesome! She really cares about making programming accessible to people who have no prior experience. The textbook is free online and the textbook exercises are super useful. Generally you have a project every week, and there are two midterms and a final project. Overall pretty easy if you pay attention and put in effort.
4.0 : Each week there is Homework or quiz. It was taking me a lot of time to program or reviewing materials(a lot of slides) and it was not easy to score high on the quiz. It is good that you get to practice what you learned but that is too much IMO. I also recommend offering some extra credits. It is really hard to get an A.
4.0 : Overall, he is a good teacher. He spends lots of time help you and hope you will learn. And he gives lots of extra credit and makes his own homework. Although he is new and his lectures may not be very clear, you may find his office hour super helpful. Go to his office hours and ask questions, then you will learn a lot.
5.0 : Very supportive, okay-difficulty and average 15 problems per week for homework. Take his class
4.5 : It was his first semester teaching so he wasn't doing so well at the beginning but as the semester progressed, he improved and I began to really enjoy his lectures. He makes his own homework problems which really prepare you for the exams. I highly recommend going to his office hours(even if you don't need help), he's helpful and you learn a lot.
4.0 : Professor Leahy gives a lot of homework and his tests are pretty difficult, but he is a very personable lecturer and a caring teacher. I went to his office hours several times and he was very helpful. He genuinely wants to see everyone succeed and gives a few opportunities for extra credit, which are hard to come by in college.
3.0 : This professor is great except that he go through things too slow , you can skip one week's class and find you miss nothing. Don't need to go to lecture. just go to every week's quiz, and you will get A. Really ez
5.0 : Assigns more proof questions than others (makes HW/tests more tricky; others assign plug &amp; chug problems). Understands material, but not the best at explaining. Class had to rush through densest part of the class in a week. Don't need to go to lectures, but office hours are super helpful. Supportive and nice. Offers extra credit + Lenient curve.
4.0 : Funny and kind professor, but could be better at explaining and planning the course out. We had to rush a lot of hard material at the end. Tough course overall. Doing homework, going to office hours, and taking good notes are key to doing well. He's generous with the curve and offered extra credit. He could be better at responding to emails though.
4.0 : Doesn't give quizzes and seems to do less work than other WRIT150 classes. Got a B but that's because I didn't start my papers until the day it was due. If you work hard, you can get an A. My friend got an A and was in the same class. "Mandatory" reading out of the WRIT150 textbook but I got through the semester without opening it
5.0 : Dr. Foster is a tough grader but I do beleive that I'm a better writer after taking her class. The textbook was not necessary. I recommend her health and healing section, the prompts and readings are interesting enough.
5.0 : She is tough grader. She makes you work for your grade. Nothing is given to you; you have to earn it. Even though she was tough, because I had her I learned a lot about how to be a great writer. She does help, but she is tough.
3.0 : Genuine and good-natured, but unclear with what she wants. The prompts are supposed to "make you think," but they are poorly made--lots of dead ends. Here's my advice: don't make interesting claims; just make ones you can defend. My favorite papers got B's, while my boring ones got A's. And stay away from thesustainability topic unless you love it.
3.0 : Dr. Foster is an alright professor. Her prompts are very vague and sometimes confusing. She doesn't help a lot during office hours and has a stupid rule of scheduling 24 hours in advance if you want a conference. ABSOLUTELY use the writing center! She does grade easily on ancillary. Ancillary's are easy A's! Can help you grade a lot!
4.5 : Professor Streifer really wants her students to do well.  She is really there for you if you're struggling with ideas for your paper and I thought that the workshops that we did in class were super helpful in revising and planning my essays.
4.0 : Streifer is clearly passionate about her students' ability to write, and she always has good lesson plans. However, the class itself is exhausting, and she gives a lot of homework. Good luck getting an A.
4.0 : Professor Bream is an excellent source of information, given she's worked in the mental health field for many years. She emphasizes the importance of participation and in-class discourse and is a difficult grader. Expect to earn a B in this class and be happy for it.
4.5 : Professor Hayes is helpful to students with varying degrees of lifting experience. Her class was very fun and she gave students the liberty to lift what they wanted. I would take any class with her.
5.0 : Dr. McCain is one of the nicest professors I've had at USC. Students generally do really well in this class, so even though the material is manageable, you're going to have to try hard to get an A. Ask questions in class to get extra credit! Biweekly HW's are long, biweekly quizzes are pretty easy.
4.0 : Joel really cares about his students and is super passionate about cinema. He brings in some interesting guest speakers, but often the class drags on, and a lot of people skip. It's not the most fun class, but it's a great way to network with other cinema students and learn about other aspects of the industry, especially new developments.
5.0 : Jeff is one of the funnest Professors in the entire department. His tests are easy to pass if you pay attention during class and do the readings, which don't take that much time, and the topics we discussed were really interesting. He's also extremely helpful to students. I wish he taught more classes.
5.0 : Great guy, one of my favorite teachers. Really just a great person to know.
4.0 : Jeff is the bomb. The class is spotty and weird, but mandatory for cinema students, and nearly everyone hated it, but everyone really loved Jeff. He's funny and makes the sometimes unbearable material actually pretty bearable. Great powerpoints; he presents the class like a talk show. Would love to have him for another class in the future.
3.5 : This was his first time teaching this class and it showed, though he was clearly very enthusiastic and wanted to get us involved . Jeff truly cares about his students and the feedback he gets, and tries really hard to get us involved and interested in the subject. He brought in some amazing guest speakers too! He's also easy to reach out to!
5.0 : Just take her for any class she teaches. She's great and as long as you show up to lectures and do the assignments, it's pretty to get an A-/A.
4.0 : The class is lecture heavy. After the lecture, there are in-class labs (there are a few take home ones). Homework is very easy (a blog post due every three weeks). The lectures can get a bit tedious but the exams are very simple and Jenn tries to make the class interesting.
5.0 : She's awesome! The material itself isn't very hard, but the lectures can be a little dry to those taking this as an elective; that's just the nature learning the foundations of the IT world. To counter this, she engaged us by doing stuff like jeopardy games (with prizes!). There was one midterm/final, a final project, and labs after every lecture.
5.0 : By far one of the most useful classes I have taken. Fundamentals of Information Security Management  are presented in a clear and easy to understand manner. Uses news articles in begging of class to show the relevance of the principles taught in lecture (super interesting). She has a deep sector knowledge of the Cyber Security industry. She Rocks!
5.0 : Amazing teacher! He made me develop an interest in programming to such a level that now I'm doing it as a minor. Would recommend a student to take his class 10/10 times!
4.0 : Edson is a pretty cool guy and cares more about his students understanding and applying the materials than getting good grades. That being said, the midterms are tough and require a heavy amount of reading and paying attention.
5.0 : Edson is really enthusiastic in class! Only issue was at 8:30 in the morning and it was hard to focus but I felt bad when I was not listening. He honestly wants people to learn and do well. His tests are a kinda difficult;  memorize the terms from the textbooks and try your best taking good notes cuz thats what tests will be on. Really nice guy
5.0 : Dr. Cruz was one of the most caring and engaging professors I've at USC! His class was very interesting and gave me a new persepctive on society in America.  I never wanted to miss his class because it was enjoyable! It's also not too hard to get an A and he created an environment where you can really learn rather than stress over your grade.
5.0 : Hands down one of the best professors in usc. He is such an inspirational teacher and really cares you are learning. It is not an easy class but definitely worth the time. 8:00am lecture is an issue but you would love to get up to his lecture
5.0 : Had Edson for my TA in SOCI 150 and he was the best. I had an 8 am discussion time which i dreaded, but he made it so fun and interesting. I love his energy and he's always available during office hours to help. GO TO OFFICE HOURS IF YOU NEED HELP WITH PAPERS! He gives really good feedback. I wish he was teaching a course so I could take him again!
5.0 : He is the best professor that I've ever had. He was inspiration and made me think about things in a different way. He is fantastic. Seriously, take his class.
5.0 : 200 is a morning class but I feel bad every time I had to skip Edson's lecture. Genuinely enlightening materials, really got me thinking. He is super nice and interesting. Read the readings and do your work, an A will be guaranteed. He is one of the reasons that made me stick with Sociology major.
5.0 : he is one of the most positive, charismatic, and passionate professors at USC! Although his lectures are 8ams, he makes lectures and discussion sections super interesting! I definitely recommend students taking his class!
5.0 : Professor Hozack is the only person I would take for Research courses. The material is tough and gets more difficult. She breaks the concepts down to the simplest form and takes a concept that sounds like greek into basic first grade english! She is amazing and I refuse to take anyone but her for these classes!
1.0 : Tough class tough grader and contradicts herself
5.0 : I took the 562 class with Professor Hozack last year. She was very clear when she explained class materials. This course had never been easy for students, but Professor Hozack could make difficult lesson much easier for her students. Love her teaching style and techniques. Great teacher.
5.0 : She is very helpful and awesome.
5.0 : Professor Hozack is the best, the class itself, not so much. She is really helpful and willing to meet outside of class and responds to emails fairly quickly. This is a tough class, but she helps as much as she can. She definitely goes above and beyond. I would take her a million more times!
5.0 : Professor Hozack is an amazing professor. You will learn so much in this class, but you'll have to work for it. It was an extremely difficult class, but I felt like I learned so much, so it was worth it.
5.0 : Professor Hozack is a saint. Seriously. This class is pretty daunting, but she breaks the information down for you Barney style. It's hard not to understand the material after her lectures. Her exam reviews are amazing as well, she definitely prepares you for all exams. And she's always available for questions. Would definitely take again!
5.0 : The course is tough! However, Professor Hozack is very supportive in and outside of class. She's knows her material and her lectures are clear and organized. During the semester, she was sick a few times. However, that didn't stop her. She continued to give her students 100% effort for us to succeed. She's a big inspiration!
5.0 : EALC 352g was a great class, one of the best I've ever taken at USC! You do have to show up to class, and do the reading, and participate. But you'll get a LOT out of it!
5.0 : Prof. Fis is awesome! I really enjoyed this class and learned SO MUCH about Chinese history, literature and film! The texts and films were great, and lectures were super interesting!
5.0 : I learned a lot about writing in this class and the writing workshop was super helpful. I also really liked the lectures and learning so much about modern China and its culture. This class is never boring and really rich! Very interesting and enjoyable class!
5.0 : Prof Fiss is really great and makes the class interesting and fun. I learned a LOT about Chinese literature, culture, history and film! If I could, I would take another class with Prof Fiss. Thank you for a great semester!
5.0 : Awesome class! And she even gave extra credit assignment at the end. Great lectures!
2.0 : EALC 110 is an abomination.
5.0 : I really love EALC 130g East Asian Ethical Thought! I am learning so much about all those ideas I always wondered about: the dao, yin and yang, the five elements, Confucian virtues, Legalism. The lectures are super interesting and never boring! Great class!
5.0 : This is a class about Chinese and East Asian ethical thought, and it is wonderful! I learned SO much that I didn't know before. A bit challenging, but really worth it! I love the lectures Prof. Fiss does!!
4.5 : Professor Fiss is amazing! She really cares about her students, and is super open to feedback. You can tell she's very passionate about the subject. Also our TA Yunwen is GREAT, gives super helpful feedback and advice. Fair amount of reading, but mostly fiction/ short stories which I like. Overall I learned a lot, and really enjoyed the class.
4.0 : Don't know what these other guys are talking about. She's great. Attendance and participation does matter though so if you don't plan on showing up don't take her class. Only 1 term paper, 2 short discussion board posts (500 words), 1 group presentation, midterm+final. MUST get the book, literally all the reading is in there.
5.0 : This is an awesome Prof. Really dedicated and enthusiastic. I learned a lot! Thank you, Professor Fiss!
5.0 : Awesome prof and super interesting class! Would take it again if I could!
5.0 : I love this class! I am learning SO much about East Asian thought that I always wondered about but never really quite got. Fiss is a really cool and nice prof! Really easy to talk to. It's not that hard, but she helps you do well too.
5.0 : EALC 110g is an AMAZING CLASS! And that's mainly because of the Prof. The whole semester was super interesting, and she is also really fair. I love Professor Fiss!!!
5.0 : Professor Fiss is a really amazing teacher! Her lectures are super interesting, and she is always available to meet with students to talk about assignments, papers, complex ideas and anything else. She has a deep understanding of Chinese literature, culture and film, and teaches it with a  lot of enthusiasm. I love this class!
5.0 : This was a really good course! Professor Fiss is very enthusiastic and teaches Chinese literature, culture, history and film in a really interesting, engaging way. She obviously loves what she is doing, and this shows in her teaching. The lectures are interesting and engaging, and never boring. Awesome class and super nice prof!
5.0 : This is one of the best classes I have ever taken at USC! Prof. Fiss is so knowledgeable and enthusiastic, and she really cares about the students. I learned things about Chinese fiction and film that are so interesting, and I actually want to read more! This is a great professor and I think any class by her would be a great choice!
5.0 : Awesome class and awesome prof! I am SO glad I took this class!! If you are interested in China and Chinese culture, this is the place to go. I loved reading and discussing the texts and films we read. And the lectures by Prof. Fiss were incredibly interesting and helpful! One of the best profs I have ever had at USC!
5.0 : I highly, highly recommend this course! Professor Fiss is fabulous, and SO helpful! The class is definitely a challenge, but in a good way. I learned so much about modern Chinese literature and film, and am really inspired to read and see more! I also loved writing the paper, actually, because the subject matter was so interesting.
5.0 : Prof. Fiss really cares about her students. She is always accessible and helpful with working on the paper or preparing for the midterm or final. She provides detailed study guides for each exam, which is super helpful. Her lectures are really amazing and interesting. It's obvious that she loves Chinese literature and film, and I learned a lot!
5.0 : This course was really rich and interesting, and actually not that hard. As long as you keep up with the readings and show up to class, the exams are totally fine. She gives a really complete study guide and actually gives the essay question prompts before the exam, so you can prepare for them. Prof Fiss is also really encouraging and helpful.
5.0 : If you are interested in modern Chinese history, culture and film, this is the class to take. I learned SO many things I didn't know before. Prof Fiss really cares about teaching and about her students, and she has a passion for this subject. I love the way she talks about fiction, film and really complex ideas, and makes it super interesting.
5.0 : I learned A LOT in this class! The material is really interesting because it focuses on literature AND film, which I like. Also, I actually learned a lot about modern Chinese history by reading fiction and seeing films. Prof. Fiss and TA Melissa are both really nice and generous with their time, and they'll help every step of the way. Awesome class
5.0 : I loved this class and I wish I could take it all over again! The lectures were never boring and Prof. Fiss is really knowledgeable and engaging. I also loved seeing a lot of the films and writing a paper on a topic that really interests me. Awesome class!
2.5 : Fiss seems to know her Confucianism. Lectures become long and go waay over your head (esp towards the end of the course) because in the short lecture, she tries to explain these obscure philosophical concepts. Fortunately, the TAs grade the 2 papers &amp; midterm/finals,  and they're usually generous with grades. Not an easy A but easy P/NP class.
5.0 : Prof. Fiss is really wonderful! She has deep knowledge of Chinese literature, culture, history and cinema, and presents it in a really interesting, engaging way. Her lectures are amazing and never boring. She is also really helpful to all students and available any time you need her. Great class!
1.0 : lots of reading, and huge papers final and midterm are too difficult.
1.0 : too hard to follow, lectures have no any help
1.0 : it's an extremely difficult class, if someone wants to take it as GE requirement, just don't do that
3.0 : Her GE course is extremely lecture heavy, and attendance is taken every class. Lots of assigned reading, but you can get away with not reading as long as you review her lectures posted online. As with any history course, there's a lot of memorization, writing, and critical thinking required. I took it pass/fail and it wasn't too bad.
4.0 : I took this class pass/fail and was very happy with my decision. I showed up to class rarely and never once did the readings and still did well (needed just a 20% on the final to pass and get credit. She seems like she knew the information very well, but I never paid attention because I didnt need to. Would only take as a Pass/Fail.
5.0 : Professor Artiano was my favorite professor at USC so far. She tries to make all lectures as interesting and engaging as possible. 4 papers, which is standard for a writing 150 class. She is always available to meet outside of class to talk about the papers and other concerns. Come to class and participate and you will do well.
5.0 : Best writing 150 teacher, work hard and go to office hours and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Such a nice professor, she was my favorite professor last semester. Super caring, go to her office hours to get help on your essays and it will help a ton!! She's awesome
5.0 : Artiano is an amazing, caring and kind professor. I took her WRIT150 course focused on Diversity &amp; Identity 2 years ago, and I still keep in touch with her today. She always makes time for her students and gives feedback that actually helps you improve your writing and understanding of subject material. Work hard and it'll pay off in her class!
5.0 : Professor Artiano is one of my favorite professors at USC. She is  fun, enthusiastic, open-minded, understanding, and helpful! Most people tend to hate Writing 150, but I ended up loving the course! Honestly, I would take this course again!  Lastly,  Artiano is the reason why I have improved my writing skills dramatically!
5.0 : Tough grader, but super kind and helpful professor. Talking to her one-on-one is easy and enjoyable!
5.0 : Professor Artiano has a great teaching style and really cares about her students. She is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subjects she teaches. I would recommend her class to anyone. She can be  bit of a tough grader, but that is very common for WRIT-150. Overall, she is an excellent instructor.
5.0 : Emily is really great! She taught me so much about writing well, and she made class so much fun! She is so open to helping out with papers, inside AND outside of class. One of my best professors at USC so far!
5.0 : Prof. Artiano is so passionate about social injustice and she is always there to hear student thoughts and give them feedback. She honestly cares so much about what you have to say and that's rare for a teacher. My only complaint would be that her grading is pretty harsh. It doesn't always coincide with the feedback she gives.
5.0 : WRIT 150 is going to be a tough class no matter who you take it with, but I loved Emily! She was very helpful with all of the papers and in the Law and Social Justice thematic we did JEP instead of a few writing assignments which I enjoyed. She sets the prompt for each paper but you get to pick your individual topic each time! Love her!
5.0 : Going to class never felt like a drag. She was organized, prepared, and gave good feedback on papers. Writ150 will always be a bit difficult bc it's a lot of writing, but she has a clear schedule that helps even procrastinators do their work on time.
5.0 : Very kind and very smart professor. She genuinely wants her students to improve and gives amazing feedback. The papers are definitely graded hard and it was not an easy class. I learned a lot though and my writing improved a bunch.
4.0 : She is very helpful with helping you go over drafts and make suggestions, but is a tough tough grader.
5.0 : Professor Artiano is extremely helpful in term of your helping. She always give insightful feedback that you could utilize. This course also combines with a JEP tutor program in which you will go to an underfunded high school to help those kids with writing. Cool Experience. However, she is definitely a harsh grader. Be prepared for it
5.0 : I really enjoyed having Professor Artiano for WRIT 150. Her class is by no means easy but she does a great job teaching writing concepts and engaging her students. She tried to relate all concepts back to our class' topic (Law and Social Justice) by bringing in guest speakers and having periodic current events discussions.
5.0 : An amazing professor that was always available outside class and clearly cares about her students. Definitely go to her office hours for help if you're struggling to write your essay because they saved me so many times and will help you get a better grade. Tough but fair grading, typical for WRIT 150. Essay prompts interesting and open ended.
5.0 : writing 150 is a course many students dread. however, i had one of the best experiences taking this course with Emily! Hands down one of the most amazing professors at USC! Emily is caring, sweet, knowledgeable, and always makes the time to help out her students. I would totally take her course again!
4.0 : He's a good professor and a nice man.  I enjoyed talking to him and respect his teaching style.  Very responsive to questions and answers clearly.  Discussion section works with teams on Excel (I think the format of the class is changing though). No surprises. I highly recommend Phil, but his class requires studying. You can skip class and be ok.
4.0 : He is a very friendly and approachable professor. He knows all of his student's names and does his best to make sure that everyone is understanding the material. He goes through lectures several times and posts answers to the excel group labs for us to self-study. His practice exams really helped me. Lectures are a bit boring, but take notes!
5.0 : JGC is the best professor at USC, wanting all of his students to succeed. Test are not bad. He gives study guides that prepare you well. I would take more of his classes if I could. Man is a genius
5.0 : JGC is the man. He makes each lesson targeted and succinct. Where most professors try to "fill" up their suggested time, JGC will cover the topic of the day to the fullest and if there's time left, he'll let you go. But the thing is, his classes are actually fun.  Outside of class, very much a cool guy, ask him about his work with drones.
5.0 : Carlsson is legit! He is super nice, smart, and extremely willing to help you. In class if you ask a question he will make sure everyone understands the concept before moving on. He is very relatable and makes every effort to accommodate your learning or scheduling needs. He even makes an effort to teach material in ways that help us learn better.
4.0 : Professor Abboreno is young, which I think is a huge benefit for a creative writing course where we are encouraged to write about modern culture. His class is engaging and you can tell he knows a ton about creative writing. Plus he's pretty funny! I would recommend taking him.
4.0 : Anthony is a really nice funny guy but be prepared to work in his class.  He's a tough yet fair grader, but if you take his advice and put effort in to your work, you'll definitely see results.
5.0 : Mr. Hernandez is very motivating and compassionate about teaching. He is a fair grader. A little disorganized though eventually gets things together. Just be patient with grades as he is busy. He really tries to include all students in class and values hearing from everyone. I would take his class again.
4.5 : I've had this professor in undergrad for SOWK 350. In SOWK 535, he was extremely helpful. He is really passionate about what he teaches and loves to hear what his students think. He really makes sure that lecture is engaging and that everyone understands what's happening. He puts you into groups which allows you to share your responses with others.
4.0 : He keeps the class engaged, he gives feedback on papers, and not a tough grader, but fair. His classes are interesting.
5.0 : He is such a passionate and knowledgeable professor. He has connections to many huge influencers in the gang intervention space -  it is clear that all the guest lecturers really respect him. We have gained incredible insights from former gang members, police officers,  leaders of ngos/ cbos, etc. He is an easy grader. TAKE THIS CLASS!!
5.0 : He is beyond amazing!!!
5.0 : He is extremely open-minded and so helpful.
5.0 : Has super inspirational guest speakers that have gone through the life almost every class. Really allows you to learn about all the environmental pushers for gang involved youth. Has papers and midterm, but are really easily graded. A very cool class that dives in depth into the issue from a perspective that no other course will offer.
5.0 : Great guy! Very understanding!  He makes every attempt to keep class engaged and active.  Encourages group work. VERY fair grader! He is INCREDIBLY passionate about being an agent of change and lobbying.  Very well equipped in politics.  If you want to learn but still enjoy a laid back atmosphere... THIS IS YOUR GUY!!
3.0 : Takes off unnecessary point on essays. His feedback is more subjective than objective. Never used book. I would not take him again. The content of the course is good for a social worker to know. Lots of group projects. If you have issues w/ your group he will not offer much help. Usually responds to email in 3-5 days but sometimes never responds.
2.5 : Super interesting class. 1 midterm, 3 written assignments (1 is a group project), final presentation at city hall (group project), &amp; final paper. At least 3 site visits (need access to a car or Uber). Have to be a little flexible. He's not very organized, but is helpful. Textbooks are not needed but the novels are. Lots of cool guest speakers.
4.0 : Very nice and open minded professor. Sometimes hard to get ahold of him, he never answers his email.  Overall great teacher.
4.0 : Gary knows and appreciates ethics, and he's good at presenting content objectively. Also very clear and pretty approachable. I thought it would be boring but Gary helped me see ethics in a better and more purposeful light.
4.0 : Professor Smith is a good and clear ethics professor. This is the easiest accounting class that I have taken at USC. Make sure to participate, since it is 20% of the grade. It is an interesting and fun class if you enjoy talking and thinking about ethical issues.
4.0 : This is not a hard class, but required for ACCT majors. Just show up to class prepared/read the cases and put thought into your weekly discussion posts/essays. Make sure to follow the ethical models on exams/essays. Professor Smith is very clear in class about what he expects, and although this is not the most exciting class, he is very nice.
5.0 : Alona is the BEST. Math 118 material isn't the easiest but she is super helpful and always available to students. Discussion sections are mandatory but her lectures are not. She offers extra credit and extra assignments to boost grades. She curves at the end of the semester which significantly helped everyones grades
4.5 : Professor Kryshchenko was really nice and helpful when I went to office hours. It was her first semester teaching and understandably she had some growing pains. By the end of the semester, however, she was doing well. I would take another class from her.
4.5 : She's really helpful after class that tries to help you understand the topic. She prints hand-out to the class. The hand-out is really helpful because all you need is to read her lecture notes and some readings in the book. The homework is pretty easy and essentially she is really nice!
4.5 : By far the best Math118 professor you could have. She offers a ton of extra credit after each midterm and you get a cheat sheet for each test. Material is typical calc but she is always available for help and is one of the sweetest professors at USC. She's hilarious, participation is only checked 4 times a semester, drops lowest quizzes &amp; homework
4.5 : Alona is by far the BEST math 118 professor USC has. Honestly one of the best professors period. The content of the class can be hard but she gives multiple opportunities for extra credit and drops lowest quizzes and homework grades. She is extremely nice and helpful. Lectures are not mandatory but discussions are because of quizzes.
5.0 : If you have the chance to get her as a Professor you 100 percent without a doubt sign up for her section. She is the nicest person ever, gives extra credit to boost your grade like 15 percent on every midterm, gives easy quizzes and makes homework really easy with the "show example button" BEST 118 PROFESSOR THAT WILL NOT RUIN YOUR MARSHALL GPA
4.0 : Fun and easy going professor. The online homework takes a lot of time to do but at least you don't need to purchase the books. The quizzes are easy and are basically there to help you boost your grade. Midterms and final are very difficult so make sure to do well on quizzes and homework. Checks attendance randomly 5 times during the semester.
3.0 : This was Professor Kryshchenko's first semester teaching at USC. While she definitely improved during the semester, her lectures were confusing and sometimes contained errors that made later problems unnecessarily difficult. Homework is straightforward. If you're willing to put aside the time, you can skip lecture and teach yourself from the book.
4.0 : Interesting lectures, but he is a tough grader.
5.0 : Professor Pasztor is extremely knowledgable when it comes to career prep within the business world. While her class is more difficult than other 302 professors',  you will get a lot more out of it. She genuinely wants to see students excel and will work one-on-one  during office hours on not only class assignments but with anything career related.
3.0 : Sabrina has good lectures, and is a nice/knowledgable professor. However, her novel-long directions are impossible to follow, and she expects every single tiny detail in her directions to be followed. It's also basically impossible to get an A (though this seems standard for 302), and she curved our class down at the end of the semester.
5.0 : Professor Pasztor is the best Marshall professor I've ever had, plain and simple. She's friendly and works hard to bring out the best in you in what's normally a painful class.
5.0 : Professor Pasztor is the best that Marshall has to offer, hands down. She is incredibly knowledgeable in the realm of business and has the resume to prove it. She cares about her students and will really help you improve your public speaking/presentation skills if you're willing to work. Beware: this class is group projects galore.
3.0 : She has engaging lectures, but is inconsistent with grading and non-negotiable. She gave instructions in class that didn't align with the written instructions, and then penalized us for listening to her verbal instructions. She didn't give any As this semester and her quizzes are poorly worded. Don't take her if you need clarity to thrive.
5.0 : A math TA so good that he deserves to be on ratemyprofessor
4.5 : Awesome teacher for Chinese 101, Conversational Chinese. She was very kind, she even made us a meal and we watched a Chinese movie. She points out opportunities to interact with Chinese outside of class such as clubs, travel , etc. and she requires HW to be recorded with native speakers. My only complaint is she sometimes moves too fast for me.
3.5 : If you take this instructor, be prepared to do a lot of research and group presentations. He really knows his stuff and will put you to work! He is very fair and understanding. Participation and attendance is VERY important !!
5.0 : The best professor I have ever had! he cares about you as a person, and you can tell his heart is in social work.
5.0 : While the writing load tends to be intense for 150, Professor Wayland-Smith was extremely flexible and always available for extra help and personalized writing support outside of class. She made the material interesting and academically relevant for students interested in health. Above all, not only is she a good professor, she is a great person.
5.0 : In high school, I always got A+s in writing with no a few random marks of feedback. Dr. W-S writes detailed paragraphs and saw how I could improve my writing further. I found the homework and papers easy and not too time-consuming. I recommend you get your papers done early if you can and have her check your drafts.
5.0 : Cares first and foremost that you grow as a writer. Her class is always interesting and often requires you to discuss your ideas with her and other classmates. She provides a lot of room to explore ideas within the framework of the assignment and is sometimes flexible with due dates if she thinks you can do better. Prof. WS is a catch for the dept.
4.5 : This class was super easy and super fun. All you have to do is show up to class, do easy assignments, and you're guaranteed to get an A. His lectures on bio-medical engineering are confusing though.
4.5 : Easiest class I've ever taken. Just show up to class, following instructions, and you will easily get an A.
5.0 : Awesome guy! Super nice and easygoing.
5.0 : Awesome prof &amp; awesome class. Material was actually pretty complicated, but Brent taught in a way that was fun and engaging and I actually felt like I learned from this class. Would recommend.
3.5 : Dr. Long is humble and helpful. She is likable and accommodating.
5.0 : Dr long lectures focus on the class reading and want the class to participate a lot.  The class consists of 5 assignment base on research and one midterm exam. I felt like that hardest thing about the class was the midterm and the rest of the assignments were easy.
5.0 : Katie was by far my favorite professor at USC. She is great at her job but she is also funny, engaging and entertaining to say the least. I LOVED going to class and I was genuinely sad when the semester was over. The class was easy as long as you put in the work and participated. She was a very fair grader and extremely supportive and encouraging.
5.0 : Love love love Katie. She's hilarious, knowledgeable, very helpful, always available to give you constructive criticism, warm, welcoming, down to earth, and amazing. I learned a lot in the course because she made the papers and speeches actually helpful instead of just busy work. Would definitely take again
5.0 : You need to take her class for SPAN 220! All you need to do is show up to class. Tests are easy and the only homework is the online homework that is due twice a month. She is an easy grader and one of the nicest teachers I've ever had.
5.0 : One of the nicest professors. Class isn't hard, online homework, tests, and participation. Allows two unexcused absences. Def recommend
5.0 : She's an amazing professor, made the class super engaging and is always available for help!
5.0 : I enjoyed the material in the class, which was History of California, in the first place so I was excited to take the course. She likes to engage the class with discussions in lecture, which makes the lectures interesting. She is always available at office hours. She is clear about what will be on the midterm and final.
4.0 : Not the easiest class ever but definitely worth it. Dr. Logan is a very fair grader, and if you put in the time and go to her office hours, she will guide you on your essays and maybe even give you an extension. Attendance and participation at discussion are a must, but besides that, pretty easygoing class. Not the easiest GE ever but not that hard
4.0 : Dr. Logan is super sweet and clearly outlines her class. Just go to discussion and study for exams. Attendance at lecture is definitely not required. If you miss a lecture (or 10), you can just get all of the information off of Wikipedia and still do great on the exams. She is a pretty easy essay grader. Easy A with a little effort.
5.0 : Really easy. While I didn't go to a lot of lectures because it simply wasn't required, the ones I went to were all interesting and I enjoyed learning about the topic from her. Wrote 3 papers the whole semester where the second's just a proposal for the third and she's an extremely lenient grader. Great class
5.0 : Hist240 w/ Dr. Logan was so interesting! Her lectures were fun and she is so sweet. There was a midterm, a final, two 2-3 pg papers, and one 8 page paper. Go to office hours &amp; she'll edit all of your paper. Exams are short answer on terms and an essay question you get in advance. She does her own discussion sections so you really get to know her!
4.5 : Teaches the most relevant stuff related to the subject, which you realize perhaps later in your life when you do research.
5.0 : Dr. Stone is so funny!  Class is never boring.  You better read something before class because he will ask you questions!  He is a fair grader and gives lots of feedback.  He also is very helpful and available for questions.  One of my favorite professors I ever had and I am on my second graduate degree.  Just be prepared to do the work!
5.0 : Great professor! You get your moneys worth taking Dr. Stone's class. However, come to class prepared, completing required readings and ready to engage.
5.0 : Dr. Stone is an amazing professor.  He challenges you, but it prepares you for the future courses by teaching you effecting study habits, how to write graduate papers, and ways to retain information.  He makes the info easy and fun to learn and relevant.   It is a class you do not want to miss a day on and definitely get ALL of the reading done.
5.0 : Kundalini Yoga with her was by far the best class I've ever taken. You don't have to believe anything, I just did what was taught and it was the best semester ever of my life in school. She breaks everything down so it's applicable to college students. Homework &amp; yoga tools were the only thing that got me through school. THANKS
5.0 : She is honestly the best professor I had at USC. I've heard Stress Management really varies depending on which professor you take it with. Her approach is very focused on breathing exercises and meditation. I would highly recommend her class because all the techniques she teaches are very useful for leading a more balanced and positive lifestyle.
5.0 : I can't imagine my life without her! Just being in her presence is so relaxing and took me out of my head and stress while in her class. Even her voice will make you feel at ease. There's a good mix of experience-type and science-minded material. Everyone at SC should take her class. I learned more in her class than any other at SC.
5.0 : She's definitely one of the best professors I had at SC, teaches you many skills on how to distress, and you learn more about your body, state of mind, meditation, and breathing techniques, and most importantly, makes you feel that you really know yourself better by the end of the semester.
5.0 : Stephanie is awesome. She really gets to the root of good coaching in Principles of Coaching by emphasizing points that would not be immediately obvious. She incorporates her experience in stress management and yoga in this class in order to encourage students to become well rounded, intuitive coaches. Great class.
5.0 : Stephanie is awesome. She really gets to the root of good coaching in Principles of Coaching by emphasizing points that would not be immediately obvious. She incorporates her experience in stress management and yoga in this class in order to encourage students to become well rounded, intuitive coaches. Easy class.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I've had at SC. She's amazing at clarifying what exactly is going on when we get stressed or things in life aren't going our way &amp; learn a ton of tools, something for everyone, to get you through tough times in life. She genuinely cares about students, their, health, and humanity. I left a better person!
5.0 : Best teacher I've had at USC. She is so caring, passionate, and interesting. She gives such good insight on life and is always there when you need her. She does not taking grading so seriously so turning things in a bit late or redoing them usually isnt an issue.
5.0 : WOW! I'm in her kundalini yoga &amp; meditation class and it's the most eye opening, reality-expanding class I've ever taken. I leave feeling totally amazing. If you follow the homework (which is usually just reading a couple pages and doing a meditation each week between classes) you'd be amazed at what you can gain from this class. She'll help you!
5.0 : Amazing professor! I learned a ton just by being in her presence. Syllabi and assignments are all clear and applicable to class &amp; life! If you have the chance to take her class, you'll leave a better person. She doesn't care about being famous like other professors, yet she's impacting 100's of students each semester with amazing energy.
5.0 : Impossible to not do well. Attendance is mandatory but basically all you need to do. A few small assignments that are super easy. Actually learned a lot. Sometimes have to exercise like yoga which is fun. Just showing up and answering questions will get her to like you. Hard not to get an A
4.0 : Although he can be all over the place at times, he made this class pretty interesting. He tries to get all the class to participate so it doesn't get boring and he is always willing to help his students so they can succeed. Overall he is a really nice guy, just a little disorganized. Be sure to talk in class because it's a big part of your grade!
5.0 : Steve gets off on tangents nearly every class and refers to it as "squirreling." His class is always entertaining. Love this guy.
4.0 : Steve Barth means so well and is such a great guy. I actually have inadvertently learned a lot in his class about business in his "learn by doing" model. I don't think very many fellow academy students would agree with me however. He is very sporadic and unfocussed at times, but is an extremely intelligent and interesting man.
5.0 : Sweetest man every. Really easy to get along with and genuinely cares about his students.
4.5 : Shana is fantastic! She's always ready to help and accommodate and be fair.  She's also a major nerd. She expects a lot out of your papers, but that's kinda the point of the class. The Aeshtetics writing course gives you a lot of freedom with what you can write on and is good for abstract thinkers. Do try to stay on track and write your best.
3.0 : Shana is a really nice person and does try her best to keep class lighthearted and fun. However, she is an incredibly harsh grader and gives mixed feedback in conferences vs out. I have literally had to rewrite papers 2-3 days before the due date because she thought my thesis was bad, even though she said it was fine during our conferences.
5.0 : I love Shana! She's very witty and makes the class interesting. Be sure to participate in class discussion. Don't be afraid to email her/go to her office hours to ask for help on your essays. She grades pretty hard, but you will definitely notice improvements in your writing (and your grade).
4.0 : She is really nice! She makes WRIT150 about as interesting as it can possibly get. Hard grader but if you meet with her during office hours you can edit your paper based on what she says and come out with at least a B. She is understanding with extensions if youre upfront about it. Overall this is the best prof for a crappy course
5.0 : Engaging Prof. Gives helpful feedback and values you as a person. Gives candy every essay due date. Hilarious and a nerd at heart (will make fun of your sports team preferences!). Only downsides are relatively tough grader (all Writ proofs are like that!) and is very anti-tech (all essays are turned in hard copy).
4.5 : She is the best! Super clear, inspirational, ready to start discussions. Her worksheets really clarify the material. Her tests are based on info and applied inferences, but she gives some of the essential info. I always looked forward to this class.
5.0 : This was a math class that was interesting, understandable, and a good choice for non-math majors like myself. The professor is super kind,  really upbeat, and great and listening/applying student feedback. Discussions are interesting and while the weekly assignment can get a little tiring, the tests are reasonable if you study and come to class.
4.0 : She is really passionate about this class, population and social change. The class had a lot of assignments, but they were not hard. they are really grade boosters and help prepare you for tests. She always reviews before tests and is always open to answering questions and explains things very well. You have to put in effort, but if you do it's ok.
5.0 : The one special thing I love about Matsumoto Sensei is that she is such a traditional Japanese woman. Super nice and helpful. Easy A in the class if you study.
5.0 : Matsumoto Sensee is a really good professor - she knows how to teach in a way that requires little review outside of class. You find yourself understanding and remembering everything just from paying attention in class. She is considerate and caring, and has a cute personality. Definitely highly recommend Japanese with her!
5.0 : Hands down one of the best chemistry (and science) profs I have had. Presents and explains difficult material in easy to understand format while keeping the class engaged. He is happy to answer questions, clarify, and repeat without making you feel stupid. I came to this class worried about how hard it would be, but am loving it and learning a lot!
5.0 : Wow this guy seriously knows how to teach.  Extremely patient and uses both powerpoint and blackboard well.  As he suggests, the best way to succeed in the exams is to construct by yourself Reaction Sheets that summarizes each reaction's substrates, conditions, and mech.  He is also not afraid of throwing a little surprise biochem in the midterm.
4.5 : Dr. Fokin is a great professor. He and his lectures are very clear, although he will write things on the board that are important &amp; not included in his notes. He's helpful and eager to help. His exams are quite difficult with low averages, but fair and doable if you study. Would absolutely recommend, and wish he taught the rest of the class too.
5.0 : awesome guy and awesome teacher. Hard tests but makes the material pretty clear.
5.0 : An amazing professor, really a WOW! He knows the subject and knows how to deliver the material. It is a tough course, but Prof. Fokin made the material seem logical and easy to follow. He went over many concepts from 322a, and it helped a lot. Interacts really well with the students during and after lectures. Would not take OChem with anyone else.
4.0 : Fast pace, but explains well. Introduces a lot of new info the day before midterms. You can't afford to miss lecture, let alone recitation. Very open to helping during office hours. Also genuinely thinks o-chem is easy. Let's his 7th grade daughter make the keys for practice problems in bright, purple letters.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC! He is brilliant and passionate about both chemistry and teaching, and he explains difficult concepts very clearly. Make sure to take notes when he writes on the blackboard. He's patient and eager to help when asked questions, and very nice and approachable (and good looking!)
4.5 : Literally the best professor I've had at USC. Dr. Fokin really cares for his students and will go out of his way to make sure you understand the material and succeed. OchemB is definitely a hard class regardless, but if you go to his lectures, take notes, and do his practice problems, there's no reason to not get an A.
5.0 : Probably the best professor I have had at USC. He is deeply knowledgable about the subject and very distinguished in the field. Regardless of that he is very down to earth and easily accessible, really wants the students to succeed. His class is difficult but go to his office hours and don't be afraid to talk to him. Great guy, fantastic professor.
5.0 : Dr. Fokin is by far the best organic chemistry professor at USC. Not only is he a world-renowned chemist, but he genuinely cares for his students, takes the time to review material as many times as needed, responds to emails whenever you send them, and gives you enough practice to prepare you for the test.
5.0 : He teaches the class like it is a graduate level course. He requires you to write 3 paragraphs for each question. The final is comprehensive and will take you the entire time. There are 30 homework assignments and one 30 page paper. He always talks about elevators and about elevator psychology. I recommend him. He is very awesome.
4.0 : Get ready to read! A lot of the topics are easy to understand but if you don't get it she will be helpful! She's very nice. Not a hard class but can be if you fall behind! She makes class entertaining by mixing up class time with groups, ppt and examples.
5.0 : Professor is very knowledgeable and supportive. Her lectures are interesting and she  uses humor to keep student engaged.
5.0 : Professor Macdonald is by far my favorite professor ever. This class is by no means an easy A but he curved the exams and the homework and lab grades balance everything out. He is so funny, I genuinely looked forward to his class so much that I have him again for 152.
4.0 : Dr. MacDonald is obviously extremely knowledgeable and passionate about physics. However, his lectures can get heavy with formulas. At times, he attempts to show WHERE a certain equation comes from instead of WHAT the equation does, uses complex derivations, and gets everyone confused in the process. Overall, though, I would recommend him.
5.0 : For his first time as a professor, I think he did a fantastic job. Some people grumbled about our class average being lower than the other professor's class' average, but I think he did a good job teaching the class. He also offered extra credit and you could tell he truly cared about our grades. He makes mistakes in class sometimes though.
5.0 : By far the best physics teacher I have had simply because he plans his lectures in advance and uploads his notes comprehensively for students to review. Office hours are very worth it and class is fun, although the subject may not be useful elsewhere. High quality in many regards.
2.0 : The lectures were boring and he made often mistakes, but the lecture notes were uploaded into the Blackboard. The materials are challenging, and Dr. MacDonald explains concepts superficially. The exams are fair, very similar to the practice problems provided. Grading is very lenient.
5.0 : Dr. Macdonald is a true professor -- he cares about his students and gives amazing lectures and fair exams. You have to attend his lectures. He definitely notices the work you put into the course. He translates the jargon and explains physics in a very simplified, fundamental way. I was very lucky to have him.
3.0 : Passionate about physics? Yes. Good at conveying this passion in a meaningful teaching fashion? No. Lectures, while thorough, are essentially useless. The SI sessions are more worth your time as that is the material you will be tested on, not the long drawn out conceptual explanations in lecture that are often riddled with mistakes.
5.0 : Like the previous reviewer said, for his first semester teaching he was definitely a good professor. Explained things well and the exams were easy too.
5.0 : Dr. macdonald is a breath of fresh air for the physics department at USC. Homework and exams were tough but he definitely noticed the effort I put in and accounted for the fact that I never missed class. Unlike other professors, he can recognize hard work when grades don't always line up. Extremely knowledgable, talented, and funny.
2.0 : Frustrating &amp; exasperating. Despite taking the Mechanics AP, this class was way too hard. The homeworks take an easy 4+ hours to do and you need friends (or Chegg) to figure at least one problem each week. The exams were difficult and long for everyone. The lab is irrelevant and lengthy. SI is a must, as there are no discussion sections.
5.0 : Challenging HWs to make you learn, then he tests you much easier on midterms (which were meh...) Final had a few dispropotionally hard problems. I got a D on the first Midterm (my fault entirely) and drunk emailed him throughout the semester begging for curves, and, you guessed it, he curved ALL tests and I ended up with an A. He's a homie.
3.0 : He's an overall caring professor, he wants you to become passionate about the subject, and it's very clear in his way of teaching the class. His homework questions are a mixture of easy and difficult questions, but do beware: You will spend some time on that. The tests are manageable with a few surprises.
4.0 : He's passionate about the subject and really tries to help students. Personally, I find his explanations difficult to follow though. The class is the same difficulty level regardless of who you take becasue the professors use the same homeworks and exams.
5.0 : Scott just got his PhD recently, so he's still really excited about teaching, which is nice. His lectures tend to be math heavy and, he spends a lot of time motivating topics and theory rather than doing examples. The tests are the same across all sections, so difficulty doesn't really vary across professors. Overall a good experience for PHYS 151.
5.0 : I actually took it in Fall 2017, but as I was self-studying for 152 tonight because my professor for this semester sucks, I remember how much I miss Dr. MacDonald. He's a really good lecturer. He makes physics fun. Go to his office hour. It's very helpful. I wish I could take his class again.
4.0 : I HATE physics with a passion, but having him as my lecturer made it a little bearable. He's funny and does a lot of physics demos. HW gets very difficult. Exams also can have really hard problems, but they usually are copied from book/practice problems given so memorizing solutions can help.
5.0 : He is young, caring, and enthusiastic. He posts the handwriting lecture notes on blackboard immediately after class. You don't need to show up to class because it would be exactly the same with the notes. Homework is not that easy, but not super helpful for exams. Expect hard exams and large curves in his class:)
3.0 : Macdonald taught the class as well as it could reasonably be taught. He was the best of the 2 profs available for this class. Cracks good jokes occasionally. Not flexible with exam makeups. The class itself is horrible. Time consuming HW due + graded every week and a ton of material crammed into too short of a period. Exams were fair but long.
4.5 : One of the most helpful and caring professors here. The structure of WRIT150 makes it hard to get an A, but does everything in his power to correct your writing and give the best feedback he can offer. 4 essays over entire semester. Class time provokes thoughtful discussion, do him a favor and participate. He's a genius and moral inspiration.
5.0 : The best TA ever
5.0 : Professor Byrd is AMAZING! She is understanding and wants you to succeed in the school setting. She is well connected in the community and brings in guest speakers. I wish she taught other classes.
2.5 : Boring but easy. Would absolutely take again
4.0 : Professor Wilson is outstanding and committed to student learning.  She provides a learning environment that is conducive to positive student outcome.
5.0 : Professor Wilson provides clear instructions and classroom expectations.  She is a hard grader, but fair.  Although, she is very nice, you will earn your grade.  Be prepared to work and lots of reading.
5.0 : Three words, work, participation and readings.  You must do all three to do well in this class.  Very rigorous class structure.  I learned a lot and feel well prepared for my field placement.
5.0 : If you really want to learn the language, take this class! I was skeptical of learning languages in only a classroom environment, but Hagit is great. She really respects and understands students if you do the work and she is a very respected and known teacher. She's wonderful!
5.0 : As long as you show up to every class, the midterms and finals are exactly like the class exercises. I came from 0 Hebrew background and had no trouble starting with HEBR 120 and continuing with HEBR 150. If you're signing up for the class to learn Hebrew, you'll definitely be satisfied. I highly recommend this class!
3.0 : This class was a HUGE regret &amp; has been the most unenjoyable class of my college career. Prof acts as if it's her main goal to help you succeed but she's actually the least sympathetic prof youll meet. Its a shame since shes actually not a bad person outside of class. Prep for long, confusing tests &amp; ridiculous assignments. Avoid at all costs.
2.0 : Terrible. Took this for credit, and regretted it instantly. Tough grader, unclear criteria, and quiz heavy. Don't get an F on any quiz, it will not benefit your health.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor. Class is very fast paced, and you must study consistently if you want to do well. She gave many quizzes and projects, but all the practice made the finals easy. Helped me truly instill a strong foundation in Hebrew language.
4.5 : Great teacher, grade isn't indicative of her effort on my behalf. There is definitely unfinished business here, to be  continued...!!!
5.0 : Dr. Ferguson is one of the best professors at USC Rossier.  She is extremely knowledgable, fair, and objective.  She sincerely wants students to succeed and, to that end, works very hard to make sure students are supported throughout the semester.  I am better for having taken a course with her and would happily take another if given the chance.
5.0 : Dr. Campbell enjoys her field of work. She is very helpful, especially if you have problems with the field practicu.m process. She enjoys class discussions, so prepare to participate. She is a great teacher; will take again!
5.0 : I enjoyed Prof. Fietsam's virtual field practicum. She is great at thoroughly explaining any questions that you have, especially about ethics. She also gives extra information that you may need pertaining to the field. She offers great help with needed for assessments. I enjoyed this class much more because of Prof. Fietsam.
4.0 : Nice lady. Talks a lot. A lot of group break outs. Open to dialog. A bit tough in her grading but not too bad.
5.0 : He showed us different techniques for different situations and helped us figure out what worked best for our skill set, body size, strength, etc. He won't let you give up, he won't let you be a victim.
5.0 : Best lecturer &amp; class I have taken at USC. Culbertson has a really strong passion for surfing &amp; it's pretty infectious. He's solid, the only quibble is that his 5 to 15 minute beach lectures are not online in any way, which is a shame because they are interesting. But since there is just a midterm and final that are simple this doesn't matter much.
5.0 : Ian's energy and passion is infectious. His stress class was comprised of both lectures and activity days which were mostly relatively chill. The class is easy to do well in if you're looking for a 2 unit course. He also gives out a lot of extra credit opportunities! Take him!
4.0 : I took Ian for Cardio Fitness. I took it for a grade letter, instead of pass/nopass like my friends. The midterms turned out to be slightly tricky, as we never go over any lecture or talk in class. The fitness aspect is good and keeps you in shape, but the grading is solely based on homework, the hard midterms, pop quizzes, and attendance.
3.0 : PHED 160 is really easy to get an A in (no matter what teacher you have it with). I think Culberston is easy and caring but I think there are better and even easier teachers out there for this course. He gives out a lot of assignments (not hard but more than most teachers) and the workouts can be intense. Take home midterm is kinda tricky.
5.0 : The stress class was super easy and a lot of fun and I even learned some stuff. He's a very relaxed guy and grades easily as long as you participate and show interest in the class. Some of the exercises were difficult workouts but the others were fun games like frisbee and soccer. Would recommend!
4.0 : Nice
4.0 : Very clear lectures. She explains everything thoroughly and makes tough statistics easy to understand. She is pretty understanding and continuously reiterates the most important points. Posts thorough lecture notes online.
4.0 : I had her for both psyc274 and psyc316. Would definitely say psyc274 was much easier. She makes you work for it in psyc316 but I would still highly recommend her class. Harsh grader in psyc316 but not so much in psyc 274. She curves the class at the end.
2.0 : Horrible. Had a 98 average on tests but the labs killed my grade.  R is the most difficult software if you have no experience in computers/coding. TA was helpful but all homework assignments were based on R and teacher told me to "youtube" it whenever I asked for help. Had pop quizzes that were horribly worded. No extra credit. Take Walsh instead.
5.0 : Dr. Ipek's class is very well taught and easy to follow. While not necessarily on the easy side, this class is rewarding, as she actually makes you understand how different concepts are related instead of making you memorize definitions. Some bonuses: attendance is not mandatory, there is extra credit, and she's funny :). I really like this class!
4.0 : Rebeggiani is a bit intimidating. Calls people out but is understanding if you don't know the answers. A few quizzes, one midterm, one final. Attendance is mandatory, but going to class makes tests pretty easy. All assessments based on basically memorizing a lot of passages from Cicero &amp; the Aeneid.
4.5 : Professor Rebeggiani is very passionate about what he teaches. The class is fairly easy and pretty interesting at the same time. There is one midterm and you do not write any papers. The lectures can get a little boring but they're usually not bad.
5.0 : Hes a great guy who REALLY does a solid job of teaching you his class. It made me really interested in Greek/Roman myth and he guided us completely though the books. I liked how he helped make a personal relationship with his students and he is probably one of the most entertaining people who can make an hour long class seem like it was 15 minutes.
5.0 : Great Professor, really inspiring. Loves ancient literature and makes you love it. He really focuses on the texts. You need to read carefully, and taking notes is essential, since he will not provide a textbook where you can find what he says in class and his quizzes are based off the readings and his comments in class.
5.0 : He is an excellent professor in every way. He's knowledgable, engaging, and he promotes discussion. He gets you thinking about the big questions using pop culture references, while always managing to divert conversation back to the text at hand. Those who hate reading do have something to worry about, but it's such a great class, it's worth it.
5.0 : Excellent professor. I usually do not like accent literature and myth, but he made me love it. Lots of interesting discussions, class seems to last 10 mins. Much reading, though. If you do not like reading long assignments this course is not for you
5.0 : He assigns a lot of papers but it is better than taking a bunch of exams. He does do lectures and approaches things uniquely so it helps make his class enjoyable. Smart guy.
4.5 : One of the best professors I've had. He was knowledgeable and really makes time to help you think through your work. There's things that I learned that I will remember for the rest of my life from his class
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at USC. He is very knowledgable but also emphasizes that he learns from his students as well. I really enjoyed how interactive his classes were. I find myself talking about things I learned from this class in other settings. He really challenges you to think about things critically and creates a good class environment
5.0 : Loved his class. He's not too tough with grading as long as you do your work. He provides you clear examples and feedback so you know what is expected. I thought his lecture were really good, well thought out, and informative. He also really makes thinks practical and I appreciated that.
4.0 : This professor is very passionate and has hands on experience working with the VA. She loves class discussion and using poles to start up conversations. This class required 4 assignments, but she would look over the paper in advance prior to submission to help. Afterwards, you were able to submit it for a grade. Very caring and inspirational!
5.0 : I got B's on all the midterms, a D+ on the final, completed all the quizzes and worksheets, got 7/8 out of 10 on all the homework and still ended up with an A in the class. He's a great lecturer and fairly lenient grader
4.0 : I loved Dr. Vilesov. He is so cute, and he is really passionate about Chem. There's homeworks every week, 4 tests and 1 final. The class itself is really easy, but he's also super helpful in office hours. Would definitely recommend if you're taking Chem 102. I'm sure his upper div chem courses are much harder though.
5.0 : Many people complain about Writ, but Wirkus made it enjoyable. 4 papers and the class is not too demanding. You get alot of help with papers and he chooses interesting topics. He's also a very nice guy and enjoyable to be around! Attendance is mandatory but I did not mind going at all, and he gives you many days off for research and peer review!
5.0 : Tim is an awesome teacher and writer. My writing improved a ton with his feedback. Class is discussion based, which I enjoyed. There is a solid amount of reading, but I didn't mind because it's fun reading. Each week you read a chapter from a book on creative writing as well as short stories to go along with the chapter. It's an effective method.
5.0 : MG is the best! She has a dry sense of humor &amp; is absolutely hilarious. She's not afraid to rip people apart who suck, though. Really loved the class and getting to know MG. Class was a little bit disorganized for my taste, but MG is so accommodating. She's open to suggestions and is willing to change the course if you have suggestions. Take her!!
5.0 : M.G. is such an amazing professor. I'm not a fan of non-fiction writing, but she made it fun. 600 word pieces each week and sometimes readings are assigned. She brings in visitors too. The class is only once a week, so attendance really matters. Not too strict on deadlines as long as she has time to read it. Gives great feedback. Would take again.
5.0 : Wilson Chan is definitely a fair professor in AME 201. He's open to helping you, and although he claims that he doesn't "curve," he uses a method of curving. If you do the homework and understand it, you'll pass the quizzes. Wilson is really kind and if you're willing to put the work and attend the office hours, you'll do well.
5.0 : Great class, quizzes and exams follow the homework.  Lectures are thorough, and he has office hours available when you need them.
4.5 : She is new to USC. She is a great professor who is always willing to help you. You get in-class activities which you don't know about before hand or when  so you have to attend class for that but she takes the top 5, out of a possible 10, which is a great system. Tests are reasonable if you study both the lecture slides and books. Its a great class
5.0 : Professor Chatterjee taught the discussion portion of this GE. She seemed to be a really cool person, wanted us to understand what we were learning and make connections. Very into discussion. She was a really cool person and I think she would be great as a teacher for an actual class too.
5.0 : She is definitely a great professor. I took ENST 100 with her this year. She is very passion about environmental study and replies email questions quickly. Strong recommended.
3.0 : She knows a lot about the environment and is clearly passionate about the subject, but it was hard to follow her lectures so early in the morning. Her powerpoints were posted online, but even if you memorized every slide, the tests were still hard. Beware, she tests on things that she only (even briefly) mentioned in class.
4.0 : He's great and speaks perfect Spanish. He isn't harsh if you don't speak perfectly or know every word. He grades pretty easily and I'm surprised I didn't get a solid A. Overall, would take him again.
3.5 : Professor Steinberg is an amazing person and instructor he allows you to voice your opinions but also leads you along the way. He assigns alot of reading but it is totally worth it. Lectures are a must and participation is required but the hard work is worth the trouble.
5.0 : A lot of reading (books), but lectures are very interesting. He is well-read and knows a lot of literature. Two papers and one presentation but he's an easy grader. Be prepared to discuss the books.
3.0 : Professor Kahn is extremely knowledgable and passionate about economics. However, he makes introductory economics unnecessarily difficult, and the TAs were absolutely horrendous in explaining concepts. He liked to talk about what interested him, but his lectures did little to help prepare you for assessments, which were extremely math heavy.
5.0 : Professor Kahn is absolutely brilliant, both as an Economic thinker and as a lecturer. He's a Chicago trained economist with a background teaching at Harvard, Stanford, etc.  If you're an Econ major you'd be an absolute fool not take a class  with him. Took Environmental (487) with him in the fall and Urban (366) in the spring.
5.0 : He is really smart. Class is very interesting. Tests are similar to the homeworks so make sure you understand it. TA is also very helpful on the homeworks
5.0 : He is the best professor in the economics department! He is so smart and his lectures are super entertaining. I would highly recommend to take any of his classes. His homework aren't similar to the lectures, but they are not hard if you understand microeconomics and some basic calculus/stats. I have so much respect for this man. He is so good!
4.0 : He is probably the best professor in the economics department and his lectures are very interesting. If you taking this for major credit you can't go wrong. He is an incredible lecturer and his passion about economics is unmatched.
4.0 : Kahn is passionate and really applies the material to interesting topics. Pay attention to the graphs and practice problems in the HW, TA sessions, and notes. Overall, I am glad that I took micro with someone who explains topics so clearly and is as respected in the field as he is. He has high expectations, come to class prepared to discuss topics.
5.0 : Dr. Kahn is one of the most respected economists in his field and if you have the chance you should definitely take a class with him! I switched my major to econ because of his class. He really makes econ concepts accessible and his lectures are always super entertaining. He definitely comes off very intimidating but this class actually wasn't hard
3.0 : he teaches concepts and leaves it up to TA to teach you the math, but the TAs don't know how to teach so basically you have to teach yourself. if you put the effort in you can do well, the tests are not insanely hard. There is weekly homework that is graded like a test but you can do it in groups
5.0 : A challenging but passionate professor. Great at what he does. Dropped the class due to work reasons, but got to take him for a good 8 weeks and I don't regret it! He asks thoughtful questions, raises interesting points, and makes you want to study economics and switch your major lol. Nothing but respect for this dude.
4.0 : Great lecturer, but mostly goes over broad concepts while the tests and homework are more specific types of problems that the TAs aren't really equipped to teach you how to do. Class wasn't overly hard and was interesting but you have to take the time to teach a lot of things to yourself.
4.0 : He is hilarious and a wonderful economist. He puts slides and a recording of his lecture on blackboard so if you have to miss a class you can essentially take in online. The homework started off fine, but then the math became too difficult for me and I felt that it was not explained well in class.
4.0 : Professor Kahn is an esteemed economist and a very enthusiastic lecturer. His lectures are often conceptual, and do not delve deeply into the quantitive aspects of economics. However, he is very accessible outside of class and has spent hours helping students learn the material. The TAs also go over problems each week. You just need to do the work.
4.5 : She is extremely passionate and knowledgeable. It is a lecture based class, so be prepared to listen and take notes. If you really enjoy this type of art, this is for you. Her tests are take home with essay questions and aren't too hard if you listen and read. She is extremely nice and always willing to help/answer questions.
4.0 : Pretty generous professor in terms of student work.  Great advice on building a brand.
5.0 : Jimmy Boyda is the absolute best professor I've ever had at USC (and I'm graduating next week). His Gender, Sexuality, &amp; Independent Cinema class really opened my eyes to the world of indie film/sexuality. He is brilliant and very nice! He genuinely wants to be friends with his students, takes time to listen, guide, and teach. He is incredible!!
5.0 : Yvette is such an amazing professor! She always does her best to help students, both in and outside of the classroom. If you have editing projects, even if it's from outside of the class, she would gladly look it over and provide feedback. Even if you don't have any prior editing skills, you can still take this class. Highly recommend!
4.5 : Garcia is a great professor for an intro language class. He relates the material to current events and people, uses funny examples, and is always willing to clarify tricky grammar. He understands that students struggle with a new language and grades accordingly. Would recommend!
5.0 : Jesse was amazing! I loved the moments he worked his experience in French- speaking Africa into textbook lessons - these days really brought the sometimes dull textbook to life. The course was  difficult but I can honestly say that I learned more French than I have in all my years of high school. You'll be speaking French by semester's end!
5.0 : Listen to my words: you will never find a better language teacher than Jesse. He is so forgiving and kind. The best way to succeed is to participate in class. He will make sure you are prepared for quizes. After 2 semesters with him, I don't know how I am going to survive French 3. I have never seen him in a bad mood.
5.0 : What to say? This has been the best language course I have taken in several years of language study. It was definitely difficult, but I learned so much in the two semesters I have been enrolled in his class. He is always in a great mood, is friendly, and approachable. I wish only that he were teaching French III.
5.0 : Jesse is one of the best french teachers I've had. He really cares about his students and tries his best to ensure their success. He makes learning french at least somewhat entertaining and if you study out of the book before tests it's not hard to do well. Definitely take him if you can.
4.0 : She is extremely knowledgeable in the field of Domestic Violence, and you can sense her passion for the topic when she lectures.  The issue is she lectures the majority of the class time, and it's very easy to zone out and become bored, I wish there were more discussions in her class.
5.0 : She is beyond awesome! You will love her.
5.0 : So I love love love her! She is so knowledgeable and she has so many experiences that she can share. She is so real about being a social worker and the struggles that come along it. She's a pretty easy grader and is more concerned about content and understanding. I've learned more in this class than any other. Definitely recommend! You'll love her
5.0 : Enjoyed his class! Not super easy course content but if you put in the hours the class can easily be on to get an A.
5.0 : Professor Villa is beyond awesome; he is very open-minded and treats his students very nicely.  His lecture was very amazing and very clear. I highly recommend Professor Villa for your 505 class.
5.0 : He is the best!
3.0 : Professor Villa was an easy grader, but required a lot of research for all papers that he assigned. His lectures were mediocre, and he definitely expected you to keep up on the readings and async work. Literally will call you out in class and expect an answer, but not in a mean way. He has a very soft disposition, and seems like he cares.
5.0 : Professor Villa was truly amazing. We did maybe about 5 research papers. He grades pretty well and is also very accessible to helping his students. Would def recommend him. Took him for SWOK 506 @ USC.
5.0 : Professor Marc Schiler is a patient, inspiring and knowledgeable teacher.
5.0 : Professor Teodoridis is a sweet woman who's willing to help you understand fully the concepts in class. She gives open book exams and grades fairly. She tries to make the class interesting by playing us videos related to the case and does a good job stimulating a discussion in class. Take her!
5.0 : Definitely my favorite professor this semester, what is more impressive is that this was the first class she taught at USC! Her lectures were enjoyable at a good pace, and she keeps students engaged. She is thorough with her explanation, and very intelligent. Has great Trojan spirit, Fight On!
5.0 : Professor Greenhill is very knowledgable about her field! Subject matter could get boring but she always kept it interesting with her humor and use of modern examples. Definitely cares about students and will notice if you are working hard. Grade is TA dependent.
5.0 : I've had Dr. Polidori for multiple classes and absolutely love her! As long as you actually attend class its hard to do poorly. She wants her students to succeed and if you show interest and are engaged you will learn a lot. She is very down to earth and approachable. There is no such thing as a stupid question. My favorite professor at USC.
5.0 : She is nice and knows a lot of stuff!
5.0 : Nagle is a huge homie. Had him in his first year. Unlike other psycho professors who I've heard teach 497, he is totally reasonable. Entire grade is dependent on attendance, participation, and one group project which amounts to 10 pages and a presentation. Beside that, he's such a nice guy who is super approachable and fair. Highly recommend.
5.0 : Prof Nagle was awesome, I highly recommend him. He is very professional and takes his job seriously, yet also likes to have fun and joke around. Loved all of the class discussions. The course is not very difficult, just keep up with the (light) reading and you'll not only do well, but you'll learn valuable information for the business world.
5.0 : Professor Nagle is a great guy. He's very nice, and made this class pretty interesting with cases/discussions. Make sure to do the case readings and take good notes during the discussions/lectures since his exams are open book/note. Participate in class and work hard on the project. Class is not too difficult, but you will learn a fair amount.
5.0 : Professor Nagle is awesome. He takes the often dry material of 497 and makes it engaging and relatable without being overbearing. He's also friendly, accessible and straightforward about grading and expectations - a rarity for many other Marshall professors. I'd highly recommend taking any class with him including 497.
5.0 : Probably the best 497 professor.
5.0 : Professor Morris is very clear and very nice, but she is limited in her flexibility. She is helpful and compassionate.
4.0 : Professor Morris is passionate about the field of Social Work and the kind of work that she does.  She has high standards for both herself and her students.  Overall, she can be a little anal about the class expectations and requirements, but she cares about her students.
5.0 : Professor Kay is amazing and I loved her for 586b and 587b. I am currently taking her for 686a. She is there for you in your placement and reaches out numerous times to ensure you are comfortable and excelling at your internship. She has gone above and beyond to help me with moving in the middle of a semester due to a PCS move.
5.0 : We talked about everything from Beethoven to Kanye and Professor Vest gets incredibly excited about all kinds of music, so classes are mostly discussions focused on whatever students can connect to the readings. The reading responses due each class get a little tiresome, but her Music as Politics class was hands down my favorite freshman course.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers! She is very approachable and has time for students. She really cares about everyone. I love how she teaches with so much enthusiasm. Her happiness and passion for what she teaches makes the class so interesting and fun. I liked how her instructions and expectations were always very clear.
5.0 : Lisa Vest is a kind and warm teacher, and deeply cares about the material as well as her students. This aside, the class is a complete waste of time and useless for you. Have fun.
5.0 : Classes were long, but Professor Vest was always extremely excited about the music we were talking about and had a contagious enthusiasm! Even though this is an upper level class, I did not struggle as a non-music major with no knowledge in the area. Music, turmoil, and nationalism is a good GE to take.
5.0 : Professor Vest is one of the few teachers I have had at SC who centers her class around student discussion. She truly cares about students' opinions, and that always makes class more fun. She is incredibly passionate about the subject and always willing to help students outside of class. Great class to take.
5.0 : Professor Preis is an amazing teacher. He is engaging and well versed in both the mental health and law fields. His classes are interesting because he splits up the time into a discussion of a current event, a lecture, and a guest speaker! My only warning is there is a LOT of reading, as he is prepping students for law school. Otherwise must take!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and friendly. Pay attention in lecture and take good notes and sorta/kinda do the reading, and you'll do fine. He covers exactly what you need to know a week before the midterm and the final, which is really helpful for studying. Happy to help students outside of class. Brings in interesting guest lecturerers, too
2.0 : He's a real sweetheart and caring about his students. He's super lax, but because of that he's a bit scattered in the way he teaches and jumps from topic to topic, which it difficult when it comes to test prep time. Make sure you go to lecture or you will fail the course, unless you have a friend that can give you notes
5.0 : Ben was the best professor that I had as a student at USC. It is a gigantic loss for students that he left.
4.0 : Dr. Sedano is a good teacher. She makes a really boring subject as interesting as it can be. She switches off lecturing with Dr. John Wilson. Her class consists of a pop quiz every week (which are difficult) 2 easy but time consuming reports, a group project, weekly labs and a final. You don't need to read and the lectures are posted online.
5.0 : Great class. What I loved about her teaching was that she always asked for a different student's opinion and made the class feel welcomed. Her lectures about writing definitely helped me improve my style of writing along with the readings she assigned for us. Would take again.
2.0 : She did teach the curriculum fairly well and picked engaging readings. But she doesn't respond to student emails, despite the small class size. I got no grade/feedback on one of the three major writing assignments. Strongly opinionated (e.g. once said she's "skeptical of psychology" with no explanation). Also posted to BB only sporadically.
5.0 : I chose to take WRIT 340 with Sarah because she was very engaging even on syllabus day. She really wants you to do well in her class so she is almost always available outside of class to work with you one on one. She has strong opinions about many topics but she uses that to foster a discussion in the classroom which is very welcoming.
5.0 : Very helpful and engaging, speaks from experience in "skater style" but with intellectual backing. Assignments are relevant and logical. Guest speakers are informative and inspirational, not to mention great connections.  Available to discuss coursework and the industry in general. Skater or not, this is a life changing experience not to be missed.
5.0 : Great class and great professor. Professor Korteweg is extremely helpful and want his students to succeed. One of the best finance professor I've ever had. Class is not hard but requires participation. You will do great if you are interested in the finance field. Highly recommended.
5.0 : This is a hidden gem. A usual compiler class can quickly get messy because it has to deal with many low level details; but the professor focused on main ideas and insights clearly, like fixed-point computation, while abstracting out all irrelevant details. Also homeworks and projects are quite interesting and challenging.
5.0 : Very helpful and passionate about design.
2.0 : Alice cares very little about encouraging creativity in her students. Instead, she favors the creation of identical projects from each student, and criticizes heavily on small details.
5.0 : Nice teacher.
4.0 : Alice is really nice, gives a minimal amount quizzes over readings (which are easy), lenient on being late, and helpful when you approach her. I would actually say that she was too lax.  As an art major I want to be pushed, but multiple times, I was the only one out of 18 students who did their assignment. Just do your work and you'll get an A.
5.0 : Professor Landau was an amazing teacher and a really easy grader, I highly recommend taking her class for WRIT 150!
1.0 : She's unequivocally the least interesting professor I've ever had.  Take it if you wanna sleep through an attendance-mandatory, claustrophobic class.
5.0 : Professor Landau is very nice to her students and her advice to my essay is always helpful.
5.0 : "Issues in Aesthetics" is amazing. The essay prompts ranged from "ugly art" to ethical representation in art +this is the one writ 150 class that applies to literally everyone because you're able to write about music, books, and films in addition to traditional fine arts. She gives great feedback in the one-on-one meetings and I highly recommend
4.0 : She's a great teacher. Does a great job at giving specific feedback for papers. Ask questions while you're writing the essays and use her feedback and you'll get a good grade.
3.0 : Took the technologies WRIT150. It was a chill class with not much hw (beware of pop quizzes when she assigns reading though). Tough to get an A because she only gives it to 2-3 students. Class was interesting in the beginning, but got very boring at the end.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Shes engaging, and is always willing to provide plenty of feedback.
4.0 : Nice person, enthusiastic about what she teaches. Keep her feedback in mind when writing essays and you will find she is a fair grader.
4.0 : I had issues with Prof Trammell's ideology, but he never rams it down your throat and is very fair. I had issues with him changing the class meaning however. It was subtitled "Content, Industry and Policy." However, he changed the class and we did not talk about any of that. We talked about issues relating to diversity and inclusion. Not difficult
1.0 : He doesn't teach well at all, take a different teacher he doesn't even know how to use excel himself.
5.0 : Professor Loper is by far the best professor at USC. He is always, always there to help even if you cannot go to his office hours he will go out of his way to meet you. I am already using the excel's that he taught us at my internship and my boss was very impressed. I HIGHLY recommend him! I can't wait to take other classes with him again.
1.0 : doesn't teach well. excel models he posts himself have errors. take a different teacher.
5.0 : Professor Loper is a great teacher. He is there to help students. Professor Loper is a real estate genius and brings guest speakers to class for extra credit. John Loper is there for you when you need help with the projects for the class and he has an awesome LA class tour as some of the classes. (3 in fact are walking tours). TAKE THIS CLASS
5.0 : Loper is hands down the BEST Professor I've ever had at USC.  If you put in the work he is more than happy to help you.  Taking his class was fun and enjoyable.  By far one of the best decisions I've made.
5.0 : Professor Loper is the best teacher ever. He is so awesome and caring. he is always there to help you. he is even accessible to help and give information and tips about the industry and how to get into real estate.
5.0 : Professor Loper is one of the best professors I've had. His course was extremely applicable to various internships pertaining to not just the real estate major, but financials in general. He genuinely cares about his student's performance and well-being. I highly recommend Professor Loper's class.
4.0 : Lots of experience in Real Estate, Planning, Finance, Pro Formas etc. He keeps up on current events in business in general which is how a true Real Estate guy should see economic markets; intertwined. Sure, he could use Blackboard to display grades more, so could all professors. Sure, his Excel skill are sorta slow but he teaches it right!
5.0 : Great Professor, Very knowledgeable and is up to date with current news. Cares about the students and wants you to do well. Take his classes!
5.0 : I took EE348L with Professor Schober in Spring 2016. Susan is gifted at teaching analog circuit design and makes learning circuits fun. She is passionate about the subject and wants her students to truly appreciate and understand it. Her tests can be tough and the labs tedious, but she is a rare gem of a teacher who is easy to talk and listen to.
5.0 : Great instructor with her own company. She was really helpful when I had trouble with some of the more difficult concepts toward the middle to end of class (mid-frequency gain calculations mainly). After visiting her office hours the hard topics were way easier to understand. She wrote me a great rec letter at the end of the class for grad school.
4.0 : Lot of work - homework, pre-labs, and lab reports. She gives good feedback about other professors and classes. Very charming, frequently laughs during lectures. Talk to her outside of class, as she's very friendly. Lectures paired with textbook make material quite clear. Works out problems in class - pay attention  as it helps with other problems.
5.0 : Sweetest woman I've interacted with at USC. She's passionate, knowledgeable, and eager to inspire her students. She truly wants people to enjoy linguistics as much as she does, and makes lectures easy to follow. She frequently pauses and asks if there are any questions and gladly goes back a slide or two to explain a concept more clearly.
5.0 : Prof. Kaiser was a very sweet lady who knew a lot about the subject. I was taking a course called 'Language in the Age of the Internet', and it was cool to be teaching her about all the new internet lingo and memes as much as she was teaching us. She always encouraged questions and participation but didn't force it. Best GSEM out there!
5.0 : Such a sweet lady, test wasn't hard, would take a class with her again
5.0 : Wali is the best! She is sweet and truly cares about her students but the class is challenging. You learn a lot though and it really is worth it because by the end of the semester you are able to communicate at least primitively in the language both written and spoken.
5.0 : By the end of advanced arabic , I felt like I truly learnt a lot and that the time &amp; effort I had put into the course paid off. The content was hard, but she does try to cover many areas so that by the time you finish the course you are able to talk and understand the language. She cares about her students, but you have to put in ALOT OF EFFORT!
4.0 : Sozan Wali was a great professor to have for my first two arabic courses. She is so sweet, helpful, and caring and goes out of her way to help you. She has a knack for engaging students and emphasizes group work/class participation to increase our confidence. She definitely made me interested in pursuing Arabic! I will miss her in Arabic 3!
5.0 : Great professor who will help you, whatever level you're at. Outside work is just short weekly readings and two very short informal papers. Midterm and final are both multiple choice, straight from the reader (which is online--no textbooks required). Lessons are short and to the point--most of the time is spent actually working out.
5.0 : hes actually the best coach I've ever had! he wants to help you in whatever way he can, in whatever way will help you best. If theres a problem, let him know and hell accommodate (i couldn't participate for 2 weeks because i hurt my ankle and he still found ways for me to participate!)
5.0 : Coach is great! He is surprisingly knowledgeable about fitness. I would talk to him while I worked out. You can discuss anything with him. Having a bad day? Bam he is your new counselor for the hour lol. I was surprised that I had to read a 50 page course reader, so don't take the class for a show up &amp; pass. you'll have to put some time for an A.
5.0 : Professor is a very knowledgeable, great, and lovely teacher for teaching class 692. She is very supportive and always provides her students the clear guidance of how to complete all paper assignments. If you follow her instructions, you will do very well on papers :)
5.0 : She is very open-minded, inspirational and amazing teacher. Love all class discussions and guidance for class assignments. Highly recommend her for your next class at USC.
5.0 : Sincere, accommodating, brings in interesting material. Amazing professor.
5.0 : Honestly my favorite first year professor. If you want to be pushed intellectually, she's the one, we had the BEST discussions in class. She is tough in expectations but completely worth it. The lady has a PHD from UCLA! Probably the most qualified speaker to talk about policy. My knowledge base expanded exponentially under her. A+ professor.
5.0 : She was amazing.  Whatever you do, do not think you can just sit in class and coast.  She will engage you, which is a good thing - she respects the process and wants to include everyone.  The work load is manageable, so just do it, and come to class ready to contribute to the lecture.
5.0 : Tigran is a super knowledgeable guy who really teaches with a real world application. The Building Science studio class I took from him was one of the greatest experiences I have had throughout college. His class was a TON of work but it was work that actually got you excited about what you were doing which made the whole experience very enjoyable.
4.0 : Professor Nastar is very clear about how to succeed in his class. The two exams are based solely on his lectures and homework. No need for the textbook. The class isn't too much work as long as you take good notes and prepare well for the exams. Both exams are open note. He is eager to help you learn. He really appreciates good questions!
2.0 : Professor Nair is extremely nice, but he only wants to promote himself and his works. Classes were totally off topic and unstructured. It definitely was an easy A as he is an easy grader, but for a Masters level course I was actually hoping to learn something.
5.0 : Amazing professor! Extremely knowledgeable and teaches with great enthusiasm. Very well seasoned and inspirational. A++
5.0 : Really enjoyed taking her for this class.  She was very caring.  She had a lot of relevant experience and brought the course to life.  The lectures flew by they were so dynamic.
5.0 : I really like Professor Odette's teaching style! Really easy to learn from and is very nice and understanding towards the graduate student life. Take her again for sure!
5.0 : An amazing teacher. Loved her class. easy on grading, appreciate  innovations.
5.0 : I WISH ALL MY PROFESSORS WERE LIKE AUTUMN! She is caring/ understanding, AND also teaches the material really well &amp; keeps class focused. I can credit learning so many great social work skills from having her class. Provides constructive criticism and genuine support. THE BEST Professor I've had! I WILL TAKE HER AGAIN if given the opportunity! :)
4.0 : I had Prof Davis for 587A and will continue with her throughout the next year until graduation. She is nice and cares about her students, is very supportive. She can be funny and is very real with students. She shares a lot of her personal experience, which is nice. The papers and asynch work isn't difficult. She also teaches 586. Highly recommend!
4.0 : She's a good prof. She's kind and understanding, but the class really is not that hard. Show up and learn how to write good memos and you'll be just fine
5.0 : Prof Yarvis really cares about this students and will do anything to help them. Really enjoyed his teach style, would take again.
5.0 : My favorite class by far this semester. He kept the class interesting and very informational. It was easy to want to participate in the discussions. There was a lot of material to cover and it is important to keep up with all the asynch.
5.0 : He is a great teacher, is more than willing to in anything you don't understand. He makes material that could be a little boring and makes it interesting.
5.0 : This was my favorite class this semester, but also my easiest class.  He tries not to lecture too much and encourages student participation by sharing their experiences.  He will also show  youtube clips to further understanding.  A very fair grader; just do the work and you will do well.
5.0 : A real gem.
5.0 : Bennett was a wonderful professor. I have never had a professor that cares more about his students' success and is accessible in and outside of class. He even organized a field trip to his awesome office to help students get connected 100/10 take his class!!!
5.0 : Took ITP342 (Mobile App Development) with Bennett. Great instructor, explains everything clearly, very laid back. The work is fairly light, and the two exams are fairly easy. Really helpful about anything cs-related, not just iOS. I'd recommend taking ITP342 with Bennett.
5.0 : Bennett is such a great professor and I'm glad I had him for this iOS mobile-app intro class. He is really funny, doesn't just read slide material to you, brings in his real work-related projects to show us examples of iOS design patterns and concepts, and he even organized a trip for the class to visit his company on the last day of class!
5.0 : I had a great semester with Bennett in ITP342, he's really knowledgeable about the course and the lectures are great! Each of the labs are designed to help you practice what you learn in lecture every week and the assignments are not too hard if you've had some experience coding. Would recommend to anyone who wants to learn iOS app development.
5.0 : Bennett is my favorite professor that I've had so far at USC. I really enjoyed his teaching style where he would show practical examples of concepts that were being taught. Attending his office hours was also pleasant and productive. Finally, I enjoyed Bennett showing the class the kinds of things that he does at his work.
5.0 : I cannot think of a professor at USC who cares more deeply about his students than Bennett. He will go out of his way to make sure they succeed, and will make sure that you have a solid foundation in building iPhone apps. I can't think of anyone in my class who had anything bad to say about Bennett. 10/10 would recommend.
5.0 : Always open for office hours! Really great at what he does
4.0 : Really approachable and easy to ask questions. Says a lot of random jokes and has the funniest laugh sometimes. His lectures are clear but sometimes you can't read his hand writing. If you can do all the examples he gives you can do the test easily
5.0 : his lectures are great, he knows what he is talking about and keeps it funny to keep you alert. homework and quiz are pretty much the same, tests are difficult but doable. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. i wasted my money on that.  overall, 5/5, he teaches better than some real professors. made electromagnetics understandable.
5.0 : don't bother buying the book he gives you everything you need. hes a good lecturer and makes class funny. would recommend!
5.0 : THIS CLASS IS SO HARD! This is basically nothing but math.  Good professor and he curves everything so you will easily get a C but impossible to get an A unless youre really good at differential calculus
5.0 : Don't be fooled!!! He pretends to take attendance but doesn't mark anything LOL.  Explains things well and is always joking. Quizzes are basically the optional homework assignments with values changed. Tests are difficult but doable if you study hard. Electromagnetics is hard.
5.0 : He's so chill. Best professor for this year. Great lectures, hard and a lot of reading. Love the way he dresses, especially his glasses
5.0 : She is so sweet, caring, and helpful. I love her teaching style and how she interacts with students. I highly recommend her as your SOWK 545 teacher.
5.0 : Professor Annie Hamamchian is a great teacher for SOWK 545 at School of Social Work, USC. She is very professional, very knowledgeable, very kind, very considerate when she works with her students with respect to in class exercise, grading, in class presentation, and discussion. She has a great personality and wonderful attitudes!
5.0 : WOW! What a splendid TA!
5.0 : Best TA ever. Really.
5.0 : So good! The lecture structure is well-designed, and contents are logically clear.
5.0 : Professor Lowe (SOWK 544). THE BEST!! nice, easy going, and very caring. BRINGS snack to every class.  NO TEST, NO BOOKS used all semester, NO PRESENTATIONS, ONLY 3 research papers (5-7 pages each/use scholarly journals/EASY)... RAISE your hand here and there......... get A
5.0 : She is lenient but class is a good amount of lectures and class discussions. She is a good role model as a therapist and brings snacks.
5.0 : Professor Zeke just started but seriously this is the best class I've ever taken. He applies what we're learning in class to real-life examples and current events - which really drives home how practical, useful, and awesome economics is. And, well, and not bad to stare at for two hours at a time. ;)
5.0 : His first year teaching and I loved him. One midterm 30% and one final 40%. A couple HW assignments that are easy to score As on with effort and participation (you have to talk in class or email him articles to score points here). He goes over in detail what he expects on the tests and you can have a page of notes for the final, 100% recommend!
5.0 : Great great professor. Very clear and concise. Unlike most economics professors he has clear objectives for each class and goes through exactly what he wants you to know. He also applies a very generous curve. Would definitely take again!
5.0 : Professor Pollack is hands down the best professor at Marshall. If you want real world experience and a professor that supports you and what you want to do in the future take any of his classes. For 302 specifically, you will learn so much no textbook no bs just great lectures that are really conversations.
5.0 : Took Herscher for Basketball and it was a good choice. The class is fun and a nice break from other schoolwork. Plus, its literally the easiest A of all time. Take the class if you have a chance; its fun and a GPA Boost.
4.0 : Very nice Prof.
5.0 : Great Prof. understanding, pretty easy workload, readings and a short essay every week but they are easy and as long as you take noted during discussion you will be fine! Fieldwork assignments are not that bad its only for an hour so its even shorter than actual class time. The content is interesting and enlightening.
3.0 : Don't ever take this course if you are not keen to read and write A LOT every week. This course ruined my interests for social studies. Only good thing was how the professor was always open to help you.
2.0 : WORST GESM EVER. Seriously I have never had to work so much on a single subject in my entire life.
5.0 : Prof. Paula Carbone is very nice to students. She always try to make sure that everyone participate and learn. The readings are quite a lot but most of them are interesting. Papers aren't that bad if you read. Fieldwork is interesting.
5.0 : Professor Carbone is an amazing professor. She genuinely cares about the coursework and issues that plague our education system. She is very caring and honestly one of the best professor that I have ever had. Her class is not too hard and is very interactive. Definitely take this class!
3.0 : Nomi is really tough but she does teach you a good amount. Know your stuff and don't come to class unprepared.
5.0 : Nomi was my favorite professor from that semester. She wasn't a difficult grader and gave great feedback on assignments. It was obvious that she cared deeply for us as students. Her willingness to go slightly off-topic and discuss issues related to the class was tremendously beneficial. I hope I'll be able to take another class with her.
5.0 : Professor Levi was absolutely amazing. He taught half the first half of the course and granted the content in the first half of BUAD 306 Finance wasn't too hard, he taught it at a pace where all students could understand and did in-class examples on the board. If you show up to lectures and go over your notes, you'll get a good grade!
5.0 : She cares about her students' success and is willing to help students who are struggling.
5.0 : Really nice, yet  very interesting and passionate. I highly recommend taking him for directing 478.
5.0 : I'm a senior and Paul is the only professor that has taught me practical directing skills. Photograph the subtext! His students respect him because he's smart as a tack and relates with his students like friends. He makes you inspired to direct! Great professor, great guy. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5.0 : Dr. Forsburg is an amazing professor. There is no textbook for the course, so  exams are off her slides. She is very clear in what she wants on exams and is always helpful during office hours. Her only negative is that she talks a bit too fast, but that wasn't an issue for most students at the end. She is much better than the BISC 320 professors.
5.0 : Dr. Nordt runs a class that is great for premeds or for those interested in healthcare. He knows that we are busy and makes the class a low time commitment. On top of that the material is very interesting and he brings in a bunch of great guest speakers for a variety of topics. One downside was that the TA gave lectures,  wasn't that great.
5.0 : The professor is pretty great, but most of the time his TA or a guest speaker runs the lectures. Medical minutes are always fun and the lectures are generally interesting. The exams are easy assuming you've reviewed the material and the questions are straight forward, he doesn't try to trick people. Unfortunately no one takes the class seriously.
5.0 : Really interesting class on the current state of medicine, lectures are given by Nordt, the TA, and some guest lectures (residents at LAC). Worth taking, study the slides and you'll be fine
4.0 : Great professor. She gives pretty good feedback. The work isn't too difficult. Don't skip class. Participation is KEY.
5.0 : Instructor is great at engaging students and really knows the material. Not a boring lecturer but makes the subject really interesting.  She is also very accessible to students. Highly recommend taking her.
5.0 : Engages students. Makes material easy to understand and makes material that would otherwise be boring, interesting.
4.0 : Cool guy and an overall good teacher but sometimes he doesn't really incorporate business into his  teaching effectively. Regardless, I found him easy to understand and good at communicating with students. Class was challenging for people that weren't exposed to the material in earlier classes but it was an easy A for me. Would def recommend.
5.0 : Easy class to do well in if you just do all the work assigned, not that much homework if you stay on top of everything. An easier version of AP Calc from high school
5.0 : Professor Levitt is great! He is super understanding and helpful when you have questions and also always available/helpful in office hours. I did better in this course than MATH 125 which was due to his easy and understandable teaching. He very thoroughly explains each topic and a plus was we never had quizzes in discussion. Would recommend!
5.0 : We learned that if we tried carefully, we can peel a tree.
4.0 : Professor Levitt was enthusiastic about the material and conveyed it to students well. However, he could get bogged down in confusing derivations that left most of the class scratching their heads.
5.0 : I really enjoyed her class and lectures. De made me really enjoy the material. so helpful and caring. she wants her students to succeed and it is seen in the help she gives you. an awesome professor.
5.0 : Prof. Caballero is so well organized and always communicates about class expectations and flow. She has high expectations, but sets her students up for success with great preparation, accessible explanations and well moderated class sessions. She gives great practical applications for the material. Top notch professor. Knows her stuff. Very kind.
4.0 : Professor Caballero is very informative and does a wonderful job making you actually think and apply the theories to yourself or the case study. She's willing to meet with you outside of class and help in any way that she can. There's a lot of material in the class so you need to be extremely organized with the theories.
3.0 : Dr. Cool is very knowledgeable in her field, but lacks class control and respectability. It's an easy class, but pretty boring
5.0 : Lots of readings. Weekly journal and other writing assignments are a little bit heavy. The class is inspiring, ethnographic film clips are shown in class. Professor Cool is really nice and humorous. Exams are not difficult but you need to finish all the readings.
5.0 : Weekly journals, quizzes. Journals actually have to be well thought out and well written. LOTS TO READ. Attendance is mandatory. Professor is passionate but ask students for way too much stuff. Most of students took it as GE but the workload was more than major courses. 1 Midterm, 1 paper, 1 Final. Heavy workload. Wouldn't take it again.
4.0 : She is very enthusiastic about the subject matter and is very detailed when explaining key concepts and terms; did a good job clarifying terms from lecture.
5.0 : Darshana is a wonderful TA-meticulous in explaining difficult concepts and detailed in her feedback. Don't think I'd have made it through the course without her guidance.
5.0 : She did a great job of analyzing the assigned readings we had every week. She had a thorough background on the material she taught and that clearly translated when she led discussion sections. She was also very clear about the main arguments in the readings and the relevance of the individual readings for the overall course.
4.0 : Be ready to finish the readings before the sections as she expects class participation. She is a tough grader, but available to meet outside office hours and willing to help you with the readings. But overall, it was a good section.
5.0 : Darshana is really knowledgeable about her subject and gives detailed feedback on papers. I felt like my writing and critical skills got better through the semester because of her. If you want to learn, this is the section to come to. If you want to breeze through the course you'll probably want to step up your game.
5.0 : She is amazing as a TA and she helped me with my paper outlines. She is prompt with her responses to the paper outlines and expects us to work on it. I liked her dedication to her work and her review sessions are super helpful before midterm and finals.
5.0 : The class is dense.  She provided a lot of practice problems during live session which was very helpful for the midterm especially.  She provided an optional study session with her for the midterm, and recorded it for those that couldnt attend, which I thought was awesome.  Great feedback on assignments.  Accessible.  Great professor!
4.0 : The class itself was very difficult, but Professor Robles met me outside of class and helped me learn the material.  She made the subject matter interesting and I now understand the importance of empirical evidence and ensuring that tests are reliable and valid.
5.0 : I honestly really enjoyed going to Taiyaba's classes, she was really lovely and didn't make us do too much outside work or busy work in class but she still managed to really help me improve my writing. She has some fun activities and allows discussion which keeps class from being boring. She gives really helpful feedback, I recommend Taiyaba 100%
5.0 : Taiyaba was definitely my favorite professor last semester. She is very understanding, and her grading is fair. In terms of workload, it was fairly light. She assigned a few readings for every paper, but they usually only consisted of a few short articles. One of the better WRIT150 professors you can take.
5.0 : You get back what you put into this class. Dr. Courelli is INCREDIBLE! If you put in effort, you will have an unparalleled experience. If you're a slacker, you won't find this or ANY class valuable. Always available for feedback and support - an amazing mentor, clinician, professor, and person with real-world experience you can't learn from a book!
5.0 : The most amazing professor and person I know! If you are sick of boring classes with slides and memorization, TAKE HER COURSES! She supplements lectures with experience - because of her class, I knew just what to say to a terminally-ill patient to make his last day meaningful. If you want to really LEARN and GROW, listen and work hard in her class!
5.0 : Take this class if you want an easy A.
1.0 : Simply the worst. Late for her own class every week by at least an hour. Ended up being 1 month behind schedule... DO NOT TAKE HER unless you want to waste your tuition on learning absolutely nothing.
5.0 : By far the most incredible professor I've had in my entire life; Dana is the greatest human being I've come to know, and I view her as a mentor in my life. Best sense of humor and by far the most intelligent, well-rounded woman I've ever met. If you have the opportunity to take her classDO IT.
5.0 : She is a very specific person, so do things as she says and the class will be fun and not stressful. One of the advantages of having a smart professor is that you can learn a lot of things as well, not only in essays but from class when she does activities. Many things can be learned and enjoyed from her class. Take this class!
5.0 : Always let us as students share our opinions on how the class should run in terms of due dates, assignments and such. Brought pastries to my 9am often! Fun in class activities (making Vines), and very easy to contact (you could text her)
5.0 : Dana is passionate, lenient, and understanding, which is tough to find in 150 profs. She plans fun activities, and her writing projects are creative &amp; meaningful. One of the few 150 classes where you won't have to worry about not getting an A as long as you exactly follow her guidelines &amp; participate. She'll teach you so much about LIFE. Love her!
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had. Made a class like Writing 150 soooo enjoyable. If you have the opportunity to take a class taught by Dr. Milstein TAKE IT!!!
4.0 : Dr. D is a unique person who enjoys discussing daily life with her students. Very approachable and puts in a lot of effort to make class interesting. Class, however, is not very easy- you have to put in work for your essays. Starting the night before won't cut it. Writ department grading is harsh is general, but she was a good prof.
5.0 : Professor Milstein is one of the best teacher's I've ever had. She talks to you about real life problems and makes herself accessible beyond the classroom on a personal level. My writing definitely improved taking this class. Very laid back atmosphere, takes feedback flexibly. Will be looking to take her again for 340.
5.0 : The best professor I have ever had the pleasure of having. Her unparalleled empathy, intelligence, sense of humor, and philosophy on life will always have you leaving class enlightened and educated. While most dread 150, she has been a beacon of light for the course and made each project fun. Cannot wait to take her for 340!
5.0 : Cool prof that is really caring and easy to talk to. The class had a nice atmosphere, but some of the essays were rough. Good feedback overall- I improved my writing abilities, which was the purpose of the course. I would consider Dr. D for sure!
5.0 : Dana is so dope; I loved having her for writ150. She is so intelligent and personable that it makes you want to go to class just to hear the wisdom that bestows on you. She's fair in her workload and being accommodating and offered a good amount of extra credit. However, she refuses to round grades, even for example, if it is an 89.9.
5.0 : She's honestly one of the most intelligent people I have ever met. She also understands that we are students and we are really busy. She is super flexible about due dates and the auxiliary assignments. And if you aren't the greatest writer she will help you become one. Take her class if you can it will be the best thing for your GPA
5.0 : Prof. Berg is an amazing professor and really knows her material. Her lectures convinced me to move to a gender studies major.
5.0 : Dream professor/class. Amazing class discussions on really interesting, relevant material. She's a really cool person and clearly passionate about what she's teaching. Disclaimer: If you aren't at least a little interested in radical politics you probably won't like this class.
5.0 : 1 of the best professors I've taken. Grading &amp; attendance policies very clear. Attendance &amp; reading is necessary, but  material is great &amp; she knows how to engage even the most passion-less students. Readings vary from light to dense but skimming works. 1 midterm paper.1 final paper. Very short weekly blackboard posts based on reading. Xtra credit!
5.0 : Amazing class, amazing professor
5.0 : I love professor Anderson!! Funny and a joy to learn from. Her class was easily the best class I have taken at USC mostly because she is a reasonable teacher who is understanding and is excited to teach. I love her and her class.
5.0 : I love this class so much. I came into it being really scared of public speaking, and gradually have gotten better at it. It still scares me a little, but Janeane has given me tools that I never thought I would have. Love her! As a teacher and a human, she's awesome.
4.0 : great professor. very clear on what he expects. recommend any classes with him. ask questions if you do not understand something and you are guaranteed at least a B.
5.0 : Venture Capitalist / Adjunt professor. Great network. Great class. Learned an incredible amount and met some great people through him inside and outside the classroom. Great guest speakers, most valuable class I've taken at USC just based on the amount of life advice I've gotten from this class. Take him!
5.0 : Incredible professor with amazing connections. Show up and participate and he will like you. The class is incredibly easy but you learn so much. Best teacher I have had at USC hands down.
3.0 : He knows what he is talking about, you learn a lot of stuff in the class. You practice and get very comfortable pitching an idea. BUT! He cold calls every single class. If he asks you something and you don't know the answer, he will go at you in front of everyone! Had no idea what my grade in the class was until the end of semester.
5.0 : Overall great professor when it comes to feedback, preparing students for midterms through lectures and readings, no pop quizzes, and is available almost anytime after class. This professor is inspirational and cares about her students learning.
4.0 : For IR330, this professor is incredibly hard. I would recommend you take IR325 with her instead. She has pop quizzes, tons of reading, and too much information to give for this class. She is passionate about Political Economics but that is not a good ting for you, she's a hard grader.
2.0 : Professor Kim is really caring, but goes really fast through her slides. She also has a very strict attendance policy, and has the TAs sit in the back of the room with laser pointers and shine them on students who are not paying attention. Class is pretty boring, but not terribly difficult.
2.0 : This class is terrible. She places a lot of importance on attendance and once made me 10 minutes late to my next commitment after the class because she was trying to figure out who signed someone else in on the attendance sheet. She just thinks her class (a GE) is really important and seems to think that all her students only take this one class.
5.0 : This is not the easiest GE out there, but there is only one midterm and one final. There's a lot of reading, but you can honestly get by skimming through them. The only homework was posting two questions about the reading every week. Not related to the class, but she dresses so nicely and has a positive attitude all the time that makes me smile.
5.0 : I learned so much about not only about film, but also about Korean political, cultural history. She really does care about her students and teaches so enthusiastically. Also, it was my first time learning bout North Korean cinema. Definitely, it was worth it
5.0 : Interesting GE class even for non-film major students. Class was based on participation, presentation, short/final paper, one page weekly papers. Assignments were pretty manageable. She is the most approachable professors that Ive ever met. She is really helpful. I was actually looking forward to going to her class.
5.0 : Best GESM120 at USC, in my opinion. Very interesting subject matter, reading is very optional (as in most of the class did not read ever), and Prof. Kim is the nicest and most interesting professor I had during freshman year. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PROFESSOR FOR ALL FRESHMEN
3.0 : Professor tends to jump between timelines. Attendance is mandatory; she doesn't provide lecture slides.  A lot of reading every week; homework only involves weekly discussion questions. Your grade is based on one midterm, one final, and one paper. Manageable if you keep up with your readings. Overall, nice, but confusing professor. (heavy accent)
5.0 : Prof. Elli Kim truly cares about students and their learning. I learned so much about Korea and Korean culture and North Korea because of Her. A lot of material to read but Prof. Kim has organized lecture professionally each lecture.
4.0 : She's nice and earnest person, but not so great as a lecturer. The readings are dense and LONG. TAs grade your papers so choose wisely. Attendance was taken every class and you can only miss 4 times. Some movies were boring, but most were decent and interesting. Also had to write 1-2 pages about the movie every week on top of the readings.
4.0 : Professor Kim is caring and genuinely enthusiastic about the content and teaching it. I think she's a bit new to teaching so her lectures can be a bit confusing, but otherwise, the class was interesting. You have to go to class and pay attention, no uploaded slides. She tells you exactly what you need to study for midterm+final.
5.0 : Professor Tobey's GESM is a class that I would recommend to practically everyone. My grade was a 97%, and I never studied outside of class. There are a lot of papers due in this class, but if you actually write it you'll get at least an A-. There are weekly quizzes for c/nc. The questions are on the readings, but are easy to google.
4.0 : Very nice and approachable professor and TA, quite a lot of papers but they should be manageable.
5.0 : I love this guy. So funny, and always making class interesting. Projects and tests are easy to get 100 on if you put effort into them. Just about everything can be done in class if you use your time wisely, so there's practically no homework except for the occasional quizzes which you can find all the answers for on Blackboard.
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had in USC. He is a VERY FUNNY person and brings a lot of energy to classes. He is also a great guide to your life and career. He explains things well and listens to his students' opinions a lot. His class is very interesting with a lot of great topics. Take him! PLEASE!
5.0 : If you're wanting a good prof for MTEC 245/246, Patterson is your man. Great prof, high energy and very chill about assignments and tests.
5.0 : Great introduction to Logic, and a really enthusiastic and hilarious professor.
4.0 : Dr. Huey was an awesome choice. She is a tough grader, but she is very helpful in the paper writing process. The class was not necessarily had, but I had issues with HBSE in my undergrad.
5.0 : Lovely professor! Very down to earth and clearly knowledgeable. Takes complex issues (especially science gobbledegook) and boils them down to layman's terms. A very reasonable grader with opportunities to make up where you may have stumbled.
5.0 : I love this professor!! She is officially my favorite ENST professor at USC. Really funny and quite adorable. If you study her lecture slides thoroughly you will get As on her tests. She does not take attendance, but I would recommend going to class because they do help and are interesting.
5.0 : Love her! Petryshyn is funny and makes material clear. 8am MWF but I wanted to come because the class and the prof were interesting. Knows her stuff. Neither attendance nor participation mandatory but neither hurts. Projects graded on an easy scale. Midterms brought me down bc I didn't study -- need to take time to study since it's a lot of info.
5.0 : Just like the weight of his beard, I'd give Paul a 5/5.
5.0 : A phenomenal professor, even though it's not even his full-time job. Cares about his students and has a contagious passion for the astro industry and the field of study. He is always available to help and is very approachable. Giuliano is, so far, my favorite professor at USC and I would recommend anyone to either take his class or get to know him.
5.0 : Very clear and articulate teaching style. It is very obvious Giuliano knows what he is talking about very well, as he is a practicing professional in the field. He is a very nice guy who clearly cares about individual students success and well-being. Super easy-going and personable guy so the class feels very low stakes.
5.0 : Professor Giuliano is knowledgeable, approachable, friendly, and thorough. I had a lot of fun in ASTE 101 thanks to Prof. Giuliano. He earns respect from the class because he's willing to answer any question whatsoever without making you look dumb. Would definitely take Prof. Giuliano again.
5.0 : Professor Block is by far one of the best professors I have had at USC. His class is so much fun and truly inspirational. He brings in guest speakers from top entertainment companies to speak with us, which is truly one of the best as we get insight from real experts. Additionally, we go on a field trip to a TV station which is so cool!
5.0 : Professor Block is inspirational and respected. He brought in guest speakers from top entertainment companies (Google, HBO, and more) to speak with us. At the end of the semester he took out out for free food and drinks! Great class.
5.0 : BUAD 304 has a very heavy work load. You see the professor once every other week so it doesn't make a big difference. Professor Anicich is a great professor though. He is very friendly and always willing to help. He explains concepts very clearly. It makes the homework a lot easier.
5.0 : Awesome guy, amazing teacher and super nice. I will miss you for the rest of my college career :'(
5.0 : Professor Anicich makes 304 lectures as interesting and fun as possible. There is a sign in sheet for attendance, but you don't need to go to lecture to learn the information. He sends out the lecture slides and the material covered is all in the readings. This professor is great, but overall, your grade really depends on your TA.
5.0 : 304 you only see the lecture professor once every other week so who your discussion professor is is way more important. That being said Anicich is great. He literally helps you so much w/your homework, has engaging lectures especially for an 8-10pm one, and is friendly and happy in lecture. You do have to participate but only once per class.
5.0 : Great guy. 304 lectures aren't really worth going to, but it affects your grade, so bring some other work. He makes it as enjoyable as possible, with stories and videos to spice up the dry material. Go in for office hours and he'll cut you some slack.
5.0 : Eric is AMAZING! Wish he was my professor for all my other classes. He is very engaging and super helpful. He truly cares about his students. Really helpful for writing your cases, so make sure you attend his class. Also he's cute...
5.0 : Great teacher who genuinely cares about his students! He makes lectures super enjoyable with videos and small activities to make the material more interesting (especially for a night lecture -8-10pm). He also is very clear in explaining the content and is super helpful with the homework.
5.0 : He was awesome! Wish he taught more often. 304 is really all about your TA unfortunately.
5.0 : Great professor. It's a shame he has to do this awful class. He makes the boring, repetitive content bearable in his lectures (although it's still more worth your time to do something else). Super nice guy though
5.0 : Super nice guy!
5.0 : Professor Anicich makes 304s dull, repetitive content bearable in the lectures. Hes a really nice guy who was very accessible outside of class during his office hours. However, your grade depends entirely on the TA. Attending lecture and participating is part of the grade, but all you have to do is show up and contribute once or twice in them.
5.0 : Linguistics is a challenging subject for some, but Stefan made the course subject easy to understand and enjoyable. He is always in a great mood and is ready to help students at any time. I HIGHLY recommend taking his class for a GE.
5.0 : Stefan is the best. The material is very easy &amp; his lectures are straightforward and hilarious. He is helpful, upbeat &amp; always smiling (&amp; cute). Two midterms &amp; a final, all cumulative, &amp; an assignment each week, but it's all based on lecture material. Discussion is optional, slides are posted online. Overall, the class is very difficult to fail.
5.0 : Lecture is really clear and interesting, occasionally hilarious, and the homework is not difficult. Would highly recommend Stephan as a prof. Super easy GE for quantitative reasoning, beats calc any day.
4.0 : Prof. Misran is very kind and willing to help her students. This class is heavily based on writings, including the tests and homework. She does give a lot of work, but as long as you ask questions and do what's assigned, it should be doable. You'll become a better speaker since she only allows French and lectures only in French.
5.0 : Professor Misran was incredibly accessible and caring. The class itself is pretty hard, and there is a lot of homework.  She is very helpful, however, and wants every student to succeed.  If you work hard and attend class, you'll be fine.
5.0 : She is an amazing French teacher and makes French easy to understand. The homework is a fair amount and it doesn't take that long especially if you have a French background like me. Just don't be rude in class and speak in English cause she doesn't have time for that nonsense and she will not respond rightfully so. This class is fun and informative
2.0 : Incredibly hard class. Maybe I just had really dope teachers for French I and II, but she made me afraid to raise my hand and ask questions. I tried my hardest to participate, even when I was putting myself out there. She is also merciless with attendance, unlike other French prof. I mean, she was following the dept orders, but still...
5.0 : Erin was hands down my favorite professor this semester.  She is very easy going and was good to start discussions/conversations with. She is relatable and has a good sense of humor. With that said, she grades fairly and is willing to give lots of feedback. As long as you show interest and improvement, you will do fine in her class. BEST PROF EVER!
5.0 : Fair grader (maybe  a little too nice), good feedback, required readings are manageable. Classes were chill! Once we got a celebrity guest who sat in on our class (15 people).
4.0 : Erin really cares about everyone's opinions during our discussion. While her meetings for paper ideas are fairly short, she remembers everyone's ideas and tries to be as helpful as she can. Feel like she makes everyone get around a B though, but this may just be the nature of the class. Fairly flexible on writing topics
5.0 : BEST CLASS EVER.
5.0 : Brilliant professor, great mind.  Really wonderful at bringing together diverse ideas and examples in lectures, and really cares about writing projects.
5.0 : He's entertaining and makes morning classes fun!
4.0 : Pretty fun teacher, he definitely knows what he is talking about, super smart. We did a lot of memorization in the beginning, but test was pretty easy. Honestly, as long as you do the work it should be a pretty easy A, TAs were extremely nice and helpful. There is quite a bit of reading, so just be prepared to keep up on that.
5.0 : Andy is a great professor and a really cool person (like one of his interests he mentioned on the first day was Drag Race). He's very casual and a classic artist type, but also well respected and an engaging lecturer. The most difficult part of the class is the midterm (memorizing 100ish works of art). Lots of reading, but doable and worth it.
4.0 : Very tough grader! Definitely judges you on whether you know how to write before you enter the class. Expects a lot from you. He's accessible if you make an appointment. He makes you read the whole Pedagogy of the Oppressed and write about it. He's really nice, but definitely hard
3.0 : Hardest class I've taken at USC. Very tough grader! Unless you're a good writer, I recommend picking another prof
5.0 : I took Dr. Dissinger's first class at USC and he is awesome. He is incredibly reasonable with grades and other issues in the class and is very approachable. He is very funny once you get used to his humor.
5.0 : Once you get to know his sense of humor and teaching style, he is one of the best professors at this school. He's new here but it didn't take long for his class to become one of my favorites. He really cares about the students and is patient and reasonable when it comes to grades.
4.0 : Dissinger has his own type of humor that is hard to get used to but is extremely entertaining. I felt that the grades on the early papers were due to the lack of knowledge I brought in and were rather unfair. This is mainly as a result of the WRIT 150 course though. Dissinger did help me improve my writing though.
2.0 : Darby is a nice person, but comparatively, she was much harder than the other 150 professors. Her classes were very boring, she didn't provide feedback for papers, and she was a tough grader. Even with office hours, she never explained why she gave the grades she did or any specifics to improve upon. She's not awful, but not for new USC students.
5.0 : Darby is a wonderful teacher. She really cares about her students and I came out of the class gaining a different perspective on the topics we discussed. She also brought oreos and popcorn to all of our screenings. Definitely take a class from Darby. She also has a great taste in books- all the stuff we read was awesome!  so fun and stimulating.
5.0 : Darby is and will remain one of my favorite teachers ever. The discussions we had in her class were immensely insightful, and they completely changed the way I interact with the world. She was accessible, helpful, and invested in the success of her students. The class was tough but it was possible to succeed and I'd take her again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : It was a solid class. The class is just too easy, honestly. Everything is super easy to understand, the essays are easy to do, the quizzes are fine. Midterm and final are take home. If you want to challenge yourself, not the class not the teacher. But if you're looking for an easy A, THIS IS FOR YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4.0 : Super caring professor! This class was like my stress reliever, because we got to meditate and it helped me get through some real tough times in my semester! I wished he gave us more structured instruction on using editing software and film equipment, but otherwise an interesting class to take!
4.0 : Dr. B has high expectations for his students which translates to stimulating lectures and assignments that require a lot of time and energy.  Feedback is thoughtful and valuable. Be sure to do the readings for this class as they are the basis of discussion.  Dr. B keeps you on your toes  yet genuinely cares about his students.  Great Prof.
4.0 : Very passionate and knowledgeable, SUPER specific on APA.
5.0 : Hannah is the best french teacher I have ever had! She made a required class extremely fun. I always looked forward to her class. Her fun-loving and funny personality always made everyone's day. The whole class was constantly laughing. Make sure to pay attention in reviews, come to lecture, and do the homework and you will do well on the tests.
3.0 : Hannah Vaughan definitely has her pros and cons. She's passionate about French and teaches it in an accessible way, but is the least understanding professor that I've ever had in terms of genuine illness/family emergency etc. If you decide to take her class, prepare to not be excused if you are literally in the hospital. You've been warned.
5.0 : Hannah by far has been the best french professor I have ever had. She is funny and makes french fun. I have learned more in this one semester than I have throughout high school and that is because of Hannah's teaching style and personality. I wish she was teaching french 3. Definitely take Hannah, you will not regret it.
5.0 : Hannah is the sweetest teacher and person ever. She made French150 so enjoyable and easy to understand. If you have the opportunity to take a class taught by her DO IT!!!
5.0 : Hannah is the best French teacher I've ever had in my 10 years of learning French. She's so cool and fun and nice but also a great teacher and is extremely fair with grading. THE BEST! Must take her class.
5.0 : so glad to have her for french which I didn't want to even take. made it easy, pretty cute too
5.0 : Hannah Vaughan is my favorite teacher at USC so far. I'm a Bio Major and I honestly hate French, but if she taught every class I'd consider a double major. She's extremely kind and funny, and teaches really well. However, the class itself is not terribly easy, because she can only speak French to you in class, but Hannah makes it bearable.
5.0 : If you take this class expecting to be taught Avid, you'll be disappointed. If you take this class expecting to learn how to tell stories, you're in the right place. While a lot of the class is critiquing people's cuts of projects, he also teaches you how to be a better filmmaker. Jablonski is an awesome guy. Take his class if you can.
5.0 : Inspirational class
5.0 : This class is difficul,t but not because of professor Chappelow. He cares about  student success, gives helpful feedback in office hours, is kind, and I found him very funny and relatable. No matter the professor, WRIT 150 will be challenging, but if you care about improving as a writer and want a fair and understanding professor, look no further.
4.0 : of all of the WRIT150 professors, he is by far the best i have heard of.  tries to make class as entertaining as possible and help you out as much as you can.  always accessible for feedback that is helpful and will try to help you succeed.  highly highly recommend as he makes a pretty terrible class manageable
5.0 : He was a very nice and accessible Writing 150 professor, if you want to get a good grade in the class he is always available for help. I would take him again for a future writing class due to his accessibility and friendliness through his feedback and help. His lectures are a bit boring, though.
5.0 : Chappelow makes WRIT 340 as bearable as it can be. No busy work beyond the 4 required essays- prompts are broad, so you can write about whatever interests you. His teaching can be a little dry, but his lessons are helpful and worth it because he usually lets class out early. Accessible in office hours, willing to help, and super understanding.
4.0 : He is nice and interesting in class, but you need to put in a lot of effort to do well on essays
3.0 : He makes you go to his office hours for every essay assignment but it doesn't really help. He is very vague with what he wants yet he grades extremely tough. I gives out a lot of C's on papers. However, if you show the effort and go to his office hours every week as much as possible, he will grade a little more leniently.
5.0 : Professor Bargar was one of my favorites. She has such a great way of interacting with the material. Although the course was theory heavy, I never felt overwhelmed because she presents everything in such a great format. If you have the opportunity, take this professor! She is also extremely thorough in her feedback, and grades within a week.
5.0 : One of my favorites!  She's tough but very caring. If you are having trouble and you reach out she is very helpful.  Makes you want to learn the material even if it is very theory heavy.
5.0 : She was amazing, no other way to put it!  Some of the material we were covering could be a little difficult, but she took her time to ensure we understood the material.
5.0 : I had Professor Payne for WRIT150: Technology and Social Change. Prof. Payne could be unnecessarily verbose at times, but I still had a great time in her class and enjoyed her as a teacher. Would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Sarah is the best!  Makes theory fun and engaging, which isn't an easy thing to do by any means.  She knows what she's talking about, definitely take theory with her!
5.0 : Sarah is an amazing teacher and I'm so lucky to have gotten the chance to take this difficult course with her.  Theory is not my strength and I was dreading this course.  Sarah inspired me with her passion for the material and made me love it too!  I feel like I'm a better musician after this class.  Lastly, she is one of the nicest people ever!
5.0 : This is my first PPD class and I was so lucky to get such a good professor. She is so great, seriously my favorite professor at USC so far. She genuinely cares about her students and views them as future leaders. She brings amazing guest speakers from all aspects of the nonprofit area. The group project is challenging, but in a fun way.
5.0 : She shows up to class prepared, organized, and ready to give effective lectures. You will be adequately prepared to complete all the assignments given. Her passion for non-profits makes her a well respected and an inspirational professor. She will know your name, accessible outside of class and always willing to help. Truly cares for every student.
4.0 : Funny and passionate about law and social justice but harsh grader. Lots of homework.
5.0 : Tough grader but enjoyed the class a lot. Very passionate about subject matter. Makes you a better writer.
3.0 : I'm an English major, and she made me work ridiculously hard. I definitely learned in her class, but her expectations were ridiculous. I literally did better in my English literature class than in hers. If you're looking for an easy Writing 150 professor, definitely do not take her class.
4.0 : Laurie is super enthusiastic about the course material. Many homework assignments, but she is not a very tough grader (compared with other writ-150 profs). Will take her 340 again.
4.0 : Laurie was a great writing professor! She gave awesome advice during class and helped students along with the writing process. Shes a really tough grader though, and her comments arent always helpful. Plus, the class feels like a lecture because of how much she talks during it. But shes great at teaching and knows what shes doing.
3.0 : Professor wallace is a genius, and if I knew enough physics, I'm sure a conversation with him would be fantastic. As a teacher he does a good job of making complex topics in philosophy understandable, but he does still tend to use complex language that he assumes most people will understand. There's lots of readings but you can skip them.
5.0 : Prof. Wallace's lectures are very clear, smooth, logical, interesting, and understandable, though he speaks fast. There are many basic physics examples in his class. Some readings are not easy but you don't have to read all. There are three small papers and three exams in total.
5.0 : Maslova is really kind, clear, and caring with the content she teaches. Her class, especially as a college class and compared with other STAT sections, is REALLY easy. You get a 2 page cheat sheet, your LAPTOP, and calculator on the midterm of 17 MC questions... Just go to class and pay attention and you'll be fine.
5.0 : Professor Maslova is absolutely wonderful! I highly recommend her class. She is very patient and caring and wants to make sure that all of her students understand the material and are able to succeed. She is also very available to answer questions.
3.0 : Strongly disliked this teacher. She was very difficult to understand because of her accent and she just didn't explain things well. When went to office hours, she was very sassy and wasn't helpful. Wouldn't take again.
5.0 : The best professor I ever had! She is very patient and excited about the topic. She is always available to help.
5.0 : 450 is a joke. The only thing that makes the class worth while is Craig's notes on the scripts.   Craig is sooollliiid. He knows his stuff and is super accessible to students. THE BEST WRITING PROF at USC.
5.0 : She's an awesome professor. I've had her for two classes now and I wish I could have her again.
5.0 : Matt was my TA this semester and made COMM 200 actually bearable. It was an 8 AM discussion and he gave everyone a grace period of 5 minutes before starting his lecture. He's super awesome and would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Prof. Tony Aaron taught his first ACC 377 Valuation for Financial Statement Purposes class in Fall'16 and I learned a lot from his long years of valuation expertise at EY. 5 Quizzes which were based on lecture. Clear lecturer. Final was cumulative and be sure to go over exercises and lectures in depth! Overall I liked his class. Teach on!
5.0 : May I say, what a guy. Honestly life changing man. Take anything and everything he offers because his presence is a gift to the world.
5.0 : One of the best professors at USC. Very accessible, knowledgeable and caring. Homework (daily readings, essays and presentations) is manageable. Take her!
5.0 : Jaimie is a great professor! She is super nice and wants you to learn Spanish, she is really laid back and caring. She even brings in little treats for the class here and there.
5.0 : She is kind, funny, and genuinely cares about her students. Her class really pushed me to learn Spanish and retain it, and I actually still remember it.
5.0 : My favorite professor at USC! She's funny, caring, and will explain concepts a million times until you get it. If you participate in class, you shouldn't have a hard time getting a good grade.
5.0 : Jamie is so nice! Homework every night and participation mandatory. BUT it's so worth it and my Spanish really improved! As long as you pay attention and do the work, you'll do fine (pretty easy A).
5.0 : Jamie is a gem. She is very available, sets clear standards and follows her syllabus but is flexible to the class's needs. Personally, she is extremely encouraging and approachable, and responds to all questions (even the stupid ones) without judgement. Cares more about your ability to communicate effectively than grammar/vocab nuance
5.0 : Tony is one of the absolute best professors at USC and an absolute joy to work with! He is very informative, helpful, and passionate about what he does. He genuinely cares about his students and is very well-versed and knowledgable about his craft. If you have the opportunity to take his makeup effects class, please don't hesitate! He's amazing!!!
5.0 : If you are lucky enough to know Adlai Wertman, you are lucky. He has changed my life in so many ways. Both career wise and how I see the world. I am so grateful for him and his mentorship. He goes beyond being a professor. He is inspirational. He is a social entrepreneurship guru. Thank you Adlai!
5.0 : Highly recommend his class to anybody, regardless of major. Business skills and ethnics are crucial in the real world. He is passionate but does not let his emotion overwhelm his logic, reason and practicality. He has definitely helped me realize my full vision and have shaped my future goals. Attend his office hours - he has some great connections
4.0 : He is Inspiring Professor. but there is another Professor better than him. his class not bad just so so
5.0 : Amazing and very chill class! Highly recommend if you are interested in social entrepreneurship or working in the public sector.
5.0 : This was the best class I have taken at USC. The class is extremely inspiring and gives you a very different perspective on the business world that Marshall doesn't usually provide. Work load is minimal, its all about your genuine interest in the material. If you care about the subject matter you will LOVE this class
5.0 : Definitely take Prof. Olivas for Writing 150. She always cares what the students have to say and makes it a really great environment for interesting discussion. I was really dreading this course but she made it a great experience!
5.0 : Professor Olives is a great writing professor Her lectures on technology are super fascinating and get you excited about the writing projects ahead. She is very knowledgeable and it shows. Her writing assignments are pretty clear, and she is always available for help! Her grading is pretty straightforward. She really made me enjoy writing!
5.0 : ABSOLUTELY LOVELY PROFESSOR! UNDERSTANDING AND GUIDES YOU THROUGH THE WRITING PROCESS! TAKE HER NOW!
5.0 : Dr. Olivas is a wonderful and very helpful instructor. If you work hard, you will truly become a better writer by the end of the course.
5.0 : best TA i've ever had. Was lenient and listened to everyone's opinions and take on the labs. Explained things well.
5.0 : Dr. B is the best HP professor out there. HP 300 itself is really easy-- open note exams, and easy material, but she made the course interesting + fun to go to. She is very caring and easy to talk to too. Would 10/10 recommend.
5.0 : Very good GE A! Professor Burton is very organized and teaches a lot of interesting stuff about photography. She also gives lots of EC because she wants everyone to do well in her class! TAKE THIS CLASS!!
3.0 : Really tough grader. Took the GE class and missed a couple assignments and was docked. For a GE this was really tough -- a lot tougher than my actual major requirements. Her lectures are pretty interesting but are a little slow. I did learn a couple things, but if you don't like too much work for a GE, then don't take it.
5.0 : Burton is great. She cares about her students and makes lectures engaging (I.e., she asks the students to participate, makes jokes, has good videos, etc). She's a fair graderif you put effort into your work, you'll do well. Participation matters, so go to class, raise your hand, and be engaged. Great prof, great class, 10/10 recommend.
3.0 : Her lecture is great, she is absolutely organized. I find her class really difficult since she has great expectations on you during the exam. Get ready to read and memorize. She seems nice but she will eat you raw.
5.0 : Professor Burton is such a nice lady! I took this class as a GE. As a result i actually enjoyed it very much. I've been to so many museums for this class, which I really like. She always offers extra credit opportunities so you shouldn't worry about ur grades
5.0 : I cannot say enough great things about Larry. He is hilarious, extremely knowledgable, and speaks with such precision. He is a joy to listen to and learn from, and this class is fun and applicable if you're looking to ever create or edit digital images. Classes move very fast, so pay attention. He posts all of his notes online. Amazing professor!
5.0 : Larry is a great teacher and was able to give a brief intro into several computer programs with great instruction.  He's very easy to talk to and engages the class exceptionally well.  Larry also speaks as though he's had several weeks to think about precisely what to say, which makes his class, lecture, and talking to him very pleasant.
5.0 : If you want to get an Easy A this is not the professor to take, but if you actually want to learn &amp; discuss how to use strategy in business, this is the class for you. He will make you work for it more than most 497 professors, but because of that you actually end up learning &amp; soaking in all the information. I definitely recommend this professor!
5.0 : Professor Kats is amazing. She is very knowledgeable and caring for her students. She is willing to work with you as long as you communicate with her. She is on top of her things and is a fair grader. As long as you attend class and participate as well as complete the assignments you should be fine. I would definitely recommend her!:)
4.0 : Prof. Finley is super relatable and makes her lectures very entertaining. The lectures are not mandatory and most of the notes taken in the lectures are irrelevant to the test. Instead, there is LOTS and LOTS of mandatory outside reading of published articles, some very hard to read and all very very long.
5.0 : Professor Finley is extremely intelligent and different than many other professors in that she really will speak her mind and encourage her students to be radical and bold in thought and action. The class is great as well and anyone willing to keep an open mind will learn much and greatly enjoy
4.0 : Prof. Finley has an incredible energy and really encourages her students to think against the norm. It's definitely a class you should approach with an open mind. Lots and LOTS of reading, but discussions help to summarize even if you don't keep up with the reading. Exams are pretty easy as long as you understand basic concepts and key terms!
5.0 : FInley's lectures are hilarious and relate the material to contemporary issues really well. The movies are entertaining too and a lot of class periods are just watching the movies. Midterm and final are worth most of your grade, so be careful. We had a take-home final but not sure if that is the case every semester. A solid GE.
5.0 : Prof. Sotelo is such a nice lady who cares about her students and is very easy going. She knew that her students were taking her class as a GE and tried her best not to overburden us with work. Even though there was a fair amount of reading, do your best to understand it so that you can participate in class (which shows that you care).
5.0 : He's the dopest. Seriously. Helps you get internships, sets you up for success. Literally the final was 25 extra credit points for no reason. You learn a lot, just show up, usually it ends earlier than you expect! 10/10 recommend.
4.0 : Took Social Work Practice with Individuals, Families, and Groups. She has great professional experience and personal experience that she draws from when appropriate and relevant to share during class. Sometimes, what she shared didn't seem to quite line up with the course material, but her perspectives were informative, nonetheless.
5.0 : He makes you feel comfortable and is super energetic in class. He does not lecture the entire class time yet he rather hear from the students. I've learned and retained more in this class than any other class. He also provides great feedback on assignments!
5.0 : I wish I could have Professor Meyer for at least one class a semester. He gives greater feedback and you will learn so much in his class. He prepares you for field in every way possible. The class is heavy in the sense of the workload, but it is manageable.
5.0 : Took Applied Learning in Field Education. Phil is absolutely fantastic. He really brings out the best in his students. He has great professional experience that's infused in his classes, knows how to teach, and cares about his students. He's accessible, receptive, flexible, down to earth, and just all around awesome. Seriously, take his class.
5.0 : Prof Levy is the kindest, funniest professor I've had so far. I took her class on the Problem of Evil in Film and Literature. I expected to be uninterested/bored since it is just a required GESM class, but she made it enjoyable and memorable. She's very passionate about teaching. Expect a lot of reading and discussion. I def recommend her class
5.0 : I'm still currently taking this course, but I have really enjoyed this class so far. Her lectures are clear, concise and she's great at speaking in everyday language that is easy to understand. Since this is a Jewish History course, there is text and stories that need interpretation and Dr. Levy makes them relevant and even funny. 100% recommend.
3.0 : Very passionate and knowledgeable about jewish history. But expects us to know alot of information.. She's very kind but she's a bit hard to listen to because her voice is a little shrill. make sure to go to class because she doesnt upload her slides
4.5 : - Very clear grading criteria  - Funny - Open Mind - Receptive to feedback Pretty Cool in general.
5.0 : I'm a business major and I took this for GE-A and I would definitely recommend.  Super easy.  I didn't even buy the textbook and I got an A.  Class is mandatory.  She is super nice and makes class fun. If you have any interest in dance (I do not) then it would be even better. One tip: she posts rubrics for every paper on blackboard - USE THEM!
5.0 : Knight's class was one of my favorite classes as USC so far. I'm a science major and I took it from a recommendation from a friend and I'm glad I did. You discuss a range of topics relating to race, class, and culture. You gotta work hard for an A but paying attention during class is very easy because she makes it interesting! Take this class!!!
5.0 : Professor Knight is a fantastic professor. She is well-respected within the dance community and it is interesting to have someone with a dance background teach the class. DANC212 requires daily outside reading and her exams are reasonably difficult, but in my opinion, it was well-worth it. If you put in the time you can most likely get an A.
5.0 : Take this class! Prof. Darling made Writ150 my favorite class of the semester; she did everything in her power to ensure our success. She is a little quirky but she made class so enjoyable. She grades as harshly as most of the other WRIT150 profs but she gives time to write essays in class and meets with students one-on-one to edit their papers.
5.0 : Dr. Davis is well respected in the medical field and does a great job of providing thorough feedback. If you're in your first year, she will likely be teaching you the basics of how to write "like a doctor." You will learn quite a bit from her class, just be sure to communicate your goals to her clearly.
5.0 : Professor Cody is by far the best professor I have ever had at USC. He genuinely cares about each student, and if you reach out to him, he is understanding and accommodating. He helps you with each paper/ project every step of the way if you ask for help, and he is very knowledgeable.
5.0 : Easily one of the kindest and most compassionate professors I have ever had the joy of learning from. Ms. Ruberg does a great job of making her students feel welcome and included by encouraging involvement, conversation and attentiveness. She also goes out of her way to make her classes a safe environment for students from all walks of life.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I've ever had. He's there to help you flourish as a public speaker and is extremely helpful. Very available to his students and well up on pop culture (could probably teach a class on Beyonc... and I'd take it). He's a true gem and you would be hard pressed to find a better instructor! 350 characters is not enough.
4.0 : Great class, really makes you think. Briana's very sweet and really cares about her students. She's always willing to talk to you after class or during office hours. There's a good amount of reading (all online), but it leads to great discussions. Long-term group research project does require a good amount of work, but she'll help you out.
4.0 : Briana is super nice, very accessible, and cares about all of her students. Be aware - she gives very long reading assignments, but you can mostly get away with skimming them for important information (and once in a while not reading them at all). No final, just a project and presentation that you have more than enough time to finish.
5.0 : Prof Krygier saved our class from a professor that destroyed the beginning weeks. She entered mid-semester into chaos with grace, confidence, and compassion. She explains assignments thoroughly and offers endless support. Her lectures are thorough and easy to follow. Her grading is fair and very effective in guiding you on how to improve. LOVE HER!
4.0 : Prof Yamada is inspirational, as she has immense experience with research and teaching. She can definitely explain things a little more, however, if you speak up and ask questions she is more than willing to answer. She is challenging yet interesting. Really enjoyed her class.
5.0 : Prof. Sekely is just about the sweetest and most supportive professor I have ever had. She is truly a great support for a class that is geared towards supporting students while they are in their field placements. She is a great advocate and enjoys listening to each student and what they have to share.
5.0 : I've had the opportunity to take this professor twice for different courses. Her lectures are lively and brings in content that you can relate to. This is one professor who does not make you feel stupid if you answer something incorrectly, but rather will work with you to find the correct answer. Will work with students.
5.0 : Tomaini is an excellent professor and knows so much about Medieval history and literature. She made a seemingly dry subject incredibly interesting, and I am so glad to have taken 261 with her. She is a tough grader, but she will help you on essays if you meet with her. She really wants to see you succeed.
4.0 : Very good and entertaining professor. The grade is made up of three 8-10 papers. She is a tough grader though so it makes it hard to get an A in the class. Great class if you'll a good writer.
3.0 : I ended up getting a B in this class. He doesn't give very good feedback on writing pieces. I was always left wondering what I did wrong. It didn't matter how hard or little I tried I still ended up getting a B on all my writing.
4.0 : He's a nice guy. The class felt like a bit of a retread of HighSchool AP English, though. You'll need to put in a respectable effort for him to pass you, but it'll make you a better writer. His grading comments are pretty sparse, like the other review says, though they're fair. If you care about your education more than an easy A, he's your guy.
5.0 : Made Writing 340 a very enjoyable course. Would highly recommend.
3.0 : His class is inspirational and useful. His writing conference gives you lots of advice. But it's not an easy A!
5.0 : Justin is probably my favorite professor at USC. He always makes class super interesting; never feels like a chore to go. He gives great feedback on papers and is extremely helpful in the writing process, particularly with the writing conferences he provides. As long as you participate and take advantage of him as a resource you should be fine.
5.0 : Let me start by saying this professor is someone you HAVE to take when in USC. He is such a caring and amazing person. He is extremely smart, he invites you to his downtown law firm, and gives you amazing life advice. One midterm that he gives you a similar study guide for, one 10-25 page term paper, and one group presentation. Amazing Lectures!!
5.0 : I love this professor so much! He has taught me everything that I have learned at USC. He is so inspirational! I have taken every class he has offered at USC. He's very respected and knows what he's talking about. He gives study guides, midterm, one big paper, and maybe a group project. He also invites his students to his downtown law office! BEST!
5.0 : This class was amazing and so is Prof Dubin! Interesting curriculum, not too difficult as far as Econ classes go, but you do have to work for it. It appears reading heavy but you don't really need to read a lot of it (you need to read Prescott, that's it). Go to lecture. He's a funny guy and a little quirky, but great nonetheless. Take him!
5.0 : SHE ROCKS! She really cares about the curriculum &amp; made class interesting. Had her for the Plath seminar &amp; 10/10 would recommend her! Not too hard. She's passionate, intelligent &amp; helps you figure out what to write your papers on. On top of that, she's so helpful when it comes to directing you towards lit criticism you need. Brought us food, too :)
5.0 : He made grad level differential equations so easy! Even better than Sahimi's math class!
5.0 : Very nice professor
5.0 : Professor Maio was one of my favorite professors so far at USC. He provided great feedback on all homework assignments. There was one midterm which was a take home and a final project. Both big assignments were easy and fun. Take his class and you will learn in a relaxed and fun environment. I would definitely take his class again.
5.0 : Professor Zavala was an amazing PR professor at USC. His career in PR and his speakers he brings in from the PR field are all an amazing resource. In the first 1/2 of the semester there were pop quizzes every week from the readings, as long as you do the readings you'll get a good grade. There was 1 midterm and a final group project.
5.0 : Professor Beau is really cares about his students. He's not the most coordinated guy, but he'll impress you if you give him a chance. Be prepared to move around because he's just as serious about physical health as he is about mental health. His main focus is overall wellness. Arrive prepared and he won't bite.
3.0 : Easily amused. Loses train of thought very easily (Seriously, how could someone be so easily distracted by a squirrel?). Doesn't project his voice often but very loud when he does. Thought we were going to dive into health and mindfulness--he approaches them differently. Get ready to run around.
5.0 : Professor Beau is the most amazing professor I've had in all of my time at USC. He has brought so much joy and love into my life. He gives As to all members of the Trojan Family that will play with him and let him chase squirrels. Our relationship has stretched beyond class and I feel lucky to know this professor.
5.0 : Most fun professor Ive had at USC. The hottest dog around.
5.0 : Heather is an awesome teacher. ITP 165 is set up so that you have 20 minutes of lecture and then an hour to do a lab 'by yourself', which really means that you try to do the assignment and then if you get stuck, the TAs and Heather will walk you through. I'm normally AWFUL at coding but somehow I got good at it through this class. Amazing class.
4.0 : This class was difficult only because CS is hard to learn for most people who don't have coding experience. However, Professor Romero and the TAs are incredibly helpful during labs and homework assignments. There is one assignment per week (1-5 hours of work, they get more difficult throughout the semester), but there is always help available.
5.0 : Professor Sabo is one of the nicest professors at USC. She is very helpful when you are learning Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop. There are a lot of projects, but you will know how to use all the programs by the end of the class. You should take her class!
5.0 : Professor Morgan is by far the best professor I've had at USC. He was not afraid to challenge our arguments to create really interesting lectures and class discussions. We always got out early, and he really encouraged our engagement. Not too much work - a short assignment every week, one paper, midterm and final. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5.0 : Cap really engages with the class and makes each class a pretty unique learning experience. He also brings a lot of great professional insights that are really helpful when looking for a job or while on the job.  You won't regret taking a class with Professor Caporicci.
5.0 : He is really nice, makes the classes fun, and doesnt pressure you to do things you dont want to. I actually enjoyed this class even though public speaking scares me. I have heard that a lot of the other professors for this class are really hard but we just played a lot of games in our class. Only downside is that he doesnt give a lot of instruction
3.0 : Trond was my BISC 221 Lab TA. He grades lab reports pretty harshly and the lab lectures were boring. Not a very fun TA either but he knows what he's doing.
5.0 : had trond for anatomy! it is a very straightforward class with easy labs (you get out in 1-1.5 hours). the lab practicals are more difficult because they are hands on but the lecture exams are very fair if you memorize all the powerpoints that he posts on blackboard.
4.0 : Nice guy who does not speed through slides. He is a bit of a dry lecturer, but is funny at times. He is also a paleontologist of sorts, so he is interesting to talk to. Everything on the test was on the powerpoint.
5.0 : Amazing Prof.
4.0 : Professor Levy is by the book in a great way. Her assignments are broken down section by section and as long as you complete each task you will receive a good grade. Even when you mess up she gives you chances to correct your work. I enjoyed having her and she has a caring demeanor. Would take again and again if possible!
5.0 : This teacher is a great Writing 150 teacher. She is very nice and flexible with her deadlines. If you miss class for whatever reason, she wont mind too much. She is a very lenient grader and will let you hand in assignments late if you're nice when asking. If you are taking Writing 150 try to get her as your teacher for sure.
4.0 : If you read the textbook before class and attend lecture you'll be fine. The lectures are pretty similar to the textbook. The midterms are little bit of a time crunch but not bad if you study. Morteza is very funny and approachable and always takes questions seriously. That being said, 25 students dropped after the class after the first midterm.
4.0 : Super nice professor. The lectures are straightforward and right out of the textbook. If you need help, he is super approachable outside of class. Lots of small easy assignments, but if you do them on time you will get a good grade.
4.0 : Funny and approachable. He wants you to succeed. Each midterm is only worth 10% of your final grade which is nice. Lots of little assignments that are easy to boost your grade. Offers extra credit that can boost your grade A LOT! Definitely go to class because he gives pop quizzes. Midterms were kind of hard and you definitely need to study.
5.0 : This is your chance to learn how to THINK properly like a leader. IF you are a grad student and in need of a place to make yourself a proper plan for your next five years this is your go to. This GUY is amazing! he TRAINED LEADERS. LOTS of experience. THIS IS SO practical and theoretical. Be there on time and be professional. AMAZING CLASS. BEST.
5.0 : Amazing Professor! Must take! She cares so much about her students and goes the extra mile to help someone out. She's very straight forward about class expectations. Brings class together to feel like family.
4.0 : Here's the deal: Students really like this professor, he makes the material seem easy in class, BUT GRADES PRETTY HARD! Definitely see him for office hours to clarify assignment expectations. He feeds off class energy also, and its obvious. He seems to give up if class is not engaged in lecture.
5.0 : LECTURES ARE EASY TO FOLLOW AND FUN. PROF. SERGIO IS DOWN TO EARTH AND HELPFUL. REALLY ENJOYED BEING IN THIS CLASS.
5.0 : This was a pretty interesting pass/no pass freshman seminar on the space shuttle. He's a really great guy and really cares and is knowledgeable about his course material. He's a curator for the California Science Center across the street, so we got to go to the museum for like 3 of our classes. really cool professor.
5.0 : This is a course designed to indirectly teach life lessons. Dr. Phillips is a phenomenally educated and passionate professor that truly cares about his course and his class. Despite this course being a pass/no pass Freshman seminar, Dr. Phillips was incredibly responsive and receptive to student feedback, and was always willing to help if needed.
5.0 : great prof
4.0 : The tests are purely lecture based. Tried studying for his first midterm off of the textbook and did poorly. Studied off of his slides for his second midterm and got an A.
3.0 : He was just an average professor he showed up to lecture on time. He taught the material, I learned. He was very knowledge on the subject at hand.
5.0 : Watts is a great professor, his exams are a bit tough but nothing too difficult, just try to get the information from the slides and you should be fine. averages were 114/150, which was curved to a B-
5.0 : Loved listening to his accent. He spends most of the class just reading off of his powerpoints, but it's hard not to in this class where most of it is memorization needed to understand concepts in higher level courses. He does what he can to make it interesting, and you can tell he's passionate about his profession. Overall, not too difficult.
4.0 : His questions are pretty much taken from the textbook's test bank. Noticed that after the first test and got a really high grade on the second test.
5.0 : I took this to fulfill the GE-A category and it is my favorite class I've taken so far! The lecture is long but it's only one day a week and you spend a lot of time watching TV episodes or clips. The papers are pretty straightforward and she's an easy grader. She puts scripts/articles on BB weekly. If you love TV you have to take this class!
5.0 : Professor Nance is literally one of the most amazing professors at USC. I also took this class to fulfill my GE-A requirement, and it was the best decision I ever made. Be prepared to watch TV, and have really interesting discussions about how TV and society are intertwined. The papers are fun to write although a bit long. TAKE THIS CLASS!
2.0 : The grading standard is so tough. There is no clear answer to her test, which is quite confusing.
5.0 : I took it for my GE-A and I love it! Favorite class of USC.
4.0 : She is nice and helpful! It's an interesting class and I would definitely take it again.
5.0 : I loved this class - I'm a psych/English double major so this was new territory for me but it's really accessible to people who aren't in a cinema program. She's a really wonderful person and really understanding if something comes up in your life. She'll take the time to help you out. Easy grader.
5.0 : Class has 3 papers, 1 midterm, and 1 final. Participation counts towards your grade and she checks it regularly. Midterm was super easy, if you show up to class you don't even have to study. Same with the final. Easiest GE I've ever taken and she's super nice. Would recommend to anyone 10/10. I can't stress how easy this class is.
5.0 : He explains the concepts very clearly. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : Erit always encourages the class to have inspirational talks with both herself and the guest speakers that she invited. She had some of the most amazing guests for the ones in the althetic field. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for athele working envronm. Overall, I never regret of taking ASCJ420 with Erit, and I hope to see more of her classes in the future!
5.0 : Erit is an angel in disguise. She is really the best. It's an incredibly entertaining class and super easy. Loved it and her.
5.0 : PR250 classes are LONG - but that being said, she is a great person to have for them. Frequent guest speakers that really give you insight on the PR industry. Didn't have any homework assignments or exams. One group project midterm, and another final presentation. Brought in snacks &amp; let us leave an hour early most days. Definitely take her class!
5.0 : Paul is a great teacher and knows a lot about growth hacking. He gives you a lot of tools to be successful and is always there to answer any questions. The class consists of 8 take home quizzes and you can drop three. There is a group project where you write two papers (1 &amp; 3 pages). This is a fun and interactive class and you will enjoy yourself!
5.0 : Paul is a great guy and really cares about his students. His case studies were really interesting and relevant and his grading is fair and I overall loved his class. No electronics in class. Only keeps your top 5 quiz grades. I would highly recommend him for 452, he has accomplished a lot as a entrepreneur and is great to learn from.
5.0 : He is one of the best professors I've had here. Super chilled out. Lectures can be a little monotonous sometimes, but he keeps trying to engage you and telling stories. I found this class very easy, though some struggled with it. Attendance is not required but highly recommended. Definitely take him, he's very helpful and great at what he does.
5.0 : I took RED 362 with him and it has been one of the best classes ive ever taken. Great professor and lectures that will teach you about "real life" situations. Not an easy A but definitely achievable.
5.0 : He's new, but knows exactly what he's talking about, doesn't seem nervous in lectures. He's kinda funny (not trying to be funny, like some other professors). He barely gives homework assignments except for group projects and presentations but it's just marking. The only slight problem would be his Chinese accent but you can understand him just fine
5.0 : I thought I would hate accounting and he actually made it fun. It became one of my favorite classes. And you can tell he wants everyone to pass and does his best to teach everything as clearly and specifically as possible. If you can take him, do it!
5.0 : OMG HE IS THE MAN. TAKE HIS CLASS. Easy and fun. Super easy A as long as you study his notes which are posted on bb. Hopefully he will be able to teach 281 next year.
5.0 : If you do not have an accounting background, I recommend this professor. He is very detail in lectures and does not count labs as a grade and are not mandatory. I recommend still going to labs to get a base understanding of Excel. I also recommend reading and going to office hours! He is easy to talk to and wants all students to pass.
5.0 : He is GREAT. My favorite professor at USC!!! Easy A for sure.
5.0 : Great accouting professor. Accounting can be dry, but she makes learning very straight-forward and easy. She will spend the time to make sure the class gets the material. Might be a little slow paced for some. Takes best # of quizzes, best # of hws, and she likes participation. Cookies after quizzes. Helpful practice quizzes. Team project, but fun.
4.0 : Professor Clerc is very invested in student work and pushes you to become a better photographer. A lot of reading homework and written responses. She is tough to please and it's hard to get an A but if you follow her advice and work hard you can. You need to do all work and attend class if you want to do well. Very caring.
5.0 : Don't let the 'lots of homework' scare you, the class is super helpful and I've become a way better photographer because of it. She is incredibly caring and gives great feedback. Over the course of the semester you'll 100% see your photos improve. I agree with the review below, if you want to do well you must complete all the work &amp; attend class.
4.0 : Jeff is a really great professor. He doesn't usually teach undergraduates, but he stepped in for a professor who had to leave unexpectedly. He really cares about character development and telling good stories. I appreciated that he referenced films with non-white protagonists and was culturally sensitive/aware, which is not always the case at USC.
5.0 : Such a good professor! I think he is relatively new at Marshall. You can tell he really cares about his students and is really accessible outside of class. Very patient and explains concepts well. 311 is a tough class, but he wants you to do well and doesn't make tests harder than they should be. Definitely take him!
5.0 : This guy is incredibly smart. 311 is actually a pretty straight forward class despite the hype surrounding it. He's very reasonable and I doubt you'll find a better 311 professor.
5.0 : By far, one of the best professors I have had at Marshall. After hearing bad things from 311, it was a lot easier than I thought with this guy. I was in his 8am (unlucky with scheduling) and only 15 people would come so class was super chill, almost conversational. He's also a super smart guy and will definitely go out of his way to help you.
5.0 : By far, the BEST BUAD 311 professor at USC. Very smart professor and unlike other 311 professors, he explains the materials very clearly and easy to understand.
3.0 : Atia was funny and nice, she's a great role model for a lot of students. Of course Writ 150 is a difficult class for everyone but the grading isn't as bad as it seems in the end. Keep up on the weekly assignments though, I skipped 2 and they ended up being worth more points than we thought, that changed my grade from an A to an A-.
5.0 : One of my favorite professors that I have had while at USC. She is very personable, makes writing assignments actually fun/interesting and helped me grow as a writer.
4.0 : Her class is very participation-heavy. She encourages a lot of peer editing, but not group work outside of class. There is a lot of work in this class, but I think that's common for WRIT340. Expect weekly work and to put a lot of thought into your essays. She can be a difficult grader, but she does give constructive feedback
5.0 : great professor, hard class but he makes it fun. he could easily be sitting in our seats ;)
4.0 : He's a pretty chill and easy to approach professor. He's lecture heavy, and the lecture are sadly not recorded. If you miss something, you'll miss it.
5.0 : Best Prof EVER! Super nice and easy going.
5.0 : She's an amazing professor who has a reputation of giving out tons of A's. She is extremely caring and helpful and will go above and beyond to make sure the students understand the material covered in class. Tons of extra credit opportunities. Extremely nice, would definitely take as many math classes with her as possible!
5.0 : The best math professor. She is so understanding and will explain things over and over if she must. Brings treats during exams. ONE OF MY FAVORITE PROFESSORS EVER. Class is a lot of work, but no different than typical math class.
4.0 : The course is introductory Chinese, so it easy. Professor Fang made it as easy as possible for her students to pick up the Chinese tones. Friendly class where participation held a key role. Tests are easy. Online homework gets harder with each lesson, but effectively prepares you for the tests. The textbook is free online, but you must buy workbook
4.0 : She really values class participation and class discussions. Brings in very interesting guest speakers to talk about social innovation. She has an opinion and will tell you, and encourage all the students to do the same. All the paper assignments are hard and she will grade them hard. A class that really makes you think about the world.
1.0 : Refuses to give an A and only gives generic feedback. Talks all period with no content to his speeches.
5.0 : Really good teacher and grades very fair. Provides us with good feedback and activities to prepare us for essays.
5.0 : Great teacher, provides a lot of feedback and makes it clear that he cares about helping his students improve. Not a lot of homework other than the main papers, a lot less than other writ150 professors. Would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Amazing class on Digital marketing. Professor was very hand-on in showing us tools and softwares. He was very focused on teaching us "real world" skills that we would use if we were to work professionally as a marketer in an agency/startup etc. Class wasn't too difficult; but I also paid close attention. Would def recommend.
2.0 : He's a nice guy and knows his stuff but his lectures were boring and were never that relevant for our assignments and exams. On the plus side, he improved A LOT towards the end of the semester and started to give us outlines that helped us absorb information during lectures better. Papers were graded very fairly. Exams were fine. Great TAs.
5.0 : While the lectures were boring and were not related to the readings, I enjoyed this class and it was definitely an easy GE. Attendance wasn't mandatory for lecture and the papers and tests were graded very easily. Definitely take this class for an easy GE.
5.0 : I love Prof. Erman's class! He is so nice and really just wants his students to understand the material. Going to class is definitely helpful for understanding the deeper meaning of the readings. He is also very approachable and wanting to hear students' opinions.  The TAs are awesome as well. I would definitely take a class from him again.
5.0 : Myka is the absolute sweetest professor out there!! She is so knowledgeable and facilitates great discussions about the content. The team-based learning format of the class takes getting used to, but ultimately, it really enhances the learning experience and keeps you accountable to keep up with the class. TAKE HER CLASS!! You won't regret it.
5.0 : Myka is one of the most approachable, caring professors I have had at USC. She purposely makes the class meaningful for the students and continuously asks for feedback to make the class even better. Myka is a gem and should definitely be on your USC bucket list.
5.0 : This negotiation class was amazing, not too tedious and all basically based on class participation which was in class negotiations done in small side rooms. Two take-home exams (midterm and final) and an easy group project. Just pay attention to activities and lectures and you will learn.
5.0 : Professor Heymann is one of the most caring, most intentional professors at USC. She creates a classroom environment that makes everyone feel comfortable challenging themselves and engaging with the material. She always asks for feedback and is available after class if any students have questions or just want to talk. Take her class!
5.0 : Dr. Pastores is easily one of my favorite professors. I haven't taken many online courses because I wasn't sure how the interaction would be. He makes learning fun and has a wonderful teaching style. I learned a lot of interesting concepts and ideas in our class. I'm still more of a brick and mortar student, but I thoroughly enjoyed this class!
5.0 : She's an awesome Prof!  If you did the readings and the work you did well in her class.  Lectures were very interactive and engaging.  Even tho the subject matter was a bit heavy (History of War Crimes)  she one of my favorite professors at USC.
5.0 : Dr. Jennifer Wells is literally one of the best professors I have ever had. She's very engaging and awesome and friendly. Her classes are extremely interesting. Definitely would recommend taking any of her classes.
5.0 : Fantastic professor! Always helpful and her lectures were engaging especially given the topic. She seemed to know her stuff. Lots of reading tho so not an easy A. I'm not a history major but took the course because it seemed interesting and I want to go to law school so I figured this is related. I'd take another class with her.
5.0 : You do not understand what banking is really about after taking FBE421, studying the IB guides, or just doing online modeling courses. FEB460/560 by Professor Hoberg teaches you M&amp;A and banking is really about. He is an expert in his field and gives fascinating lectures. Everything is so tangible to your career in the future as a deal maker.
5.0 : Dr. Lillo is an awesome professor.  Her classes are thoughtfully planned and very engaging.  She gives excellent feedback and pushes students to take the next step in their study methodology.  If you need help she is always there for you willing to discuss and help you to be successful.  She does make you work hard.
5.0 : I absolutely loved taking this elective class Grief, Loss, and Bereavement with Professor Gentle. She is incredibly knowledgable, and shares information about her practice in the field of social work ( her background is amazing) The course content  was fantastic- the required reading are actually informative and interesting. Highly recommend
4.0 : Definitely a very knowledgeable professor who understands students and teaches well.
4.0 : Good lecturer.  It is beneficial to ask questions during class
5.0 : Professor Abbas' decision analysis lectures are inspirational and will definitely be useful for your future. He knows his stuff and explains it crystal clear.  3 midterms, 1 final, all of those midterms could be redone on the final for a better grade. super easy materials tested on test, he wants you to actually learn and put less emphasis on tests
5.0 : lecture clear! notes clear! office hour very useful! project straight forward! like taking his class. will take again if possible
5.0 : Each person in the class has to do a presentation and each class you have to listen to a presentation. Gradient is pretty lenient, as the lowest he'll ever give is an A-. Overall, class is very useful if you are planning to go into research in neuroscience, as much of the literature we read is extremely relevant.
5.0 : I would definitely take her class again. She is very friendly and outgoing. She gives clear directions for the assignments and makes sure students have a good grasp of the material and any grading expectations.
5.0 : The misconception of most students within the MSW VAC, is that online programs are easy; well, they aren't. This is graduate work &amp; Dr. Hunter has a wealth of knowledge to offer. If you want to be unlike your slug student peers, take him and learn about human development and clinical interventions. Excellent &amp; caring professor. Just ask questions!
5.0 : Here's your chance to shine at USC! Dr. Hunter lectures, however, he would love to answer anyone's question. The problem with online courses is no wants to talk. USC is not a cheap place to study, so I want to get my education's worth! He has helped me shine and stand out in my field placement.  Great guy and an amazing professor. Taking him again!
5.0 : AMAZING! So smart, he's started multiple successful companies and teaches in an easy to understand manner.
5.0 : Best class I've ever taken. Fun, enthusiastic teacher who knows the content very well. Class is a great CS class for engineers. Lecture is interesting and information is applied directly in labs. Can't recommend any higher.
5.0 : Professor Barry has a strong compassion for teaching social work.   He cares about his students, and will respond to students' emails usually the same day.  He focuses on students learning the content of the material, and not minor grammatical errors.  Has a dry sense of humor, which was appreciated!   Would take him again!
4.0 : Really easy class. If you just try and do the hw you are fine. The midterm is really easy also as long as you go to class before, she tells you exactly what is on it. The final project is to code your own webpage, also super easy and doesn't take long because it does not have to be fancy. extra credit if you present which makes a difference
5.0 : Very nice person. Readings are mandatory but not too much
5.0 : Dr. Min is one of the best professors I have at USC and her feedbacks are informative and helpful. She's always there to help you and easy to reach out after class. Definitely take her!
5.0 : Very good TA! Caring and respects his students. Always available when you ask him questions. Strongly recommended!
5.0 : I took his class in summer. He is a very funny TA and he always explained material very well.
5.0 : One of the best TAs in math department. He spent extra time giving us review sessions before midterm exams.
4.0 : Alvin is a PhD student at USC who is responsible for teaching French 1. His class is enjoyable and funny, but not always the easiest to follow. He uses a lot of powerpoint presentations. His explanation of French grammar was difficult to follow, but his verbal skills were great t learn from. His quizzes are pretty easy, but you do need to study.
4.0 : he is HILARIOUS (but without meaning to be lol) I spend most of my time in this class laughing with my friend. However he does care about the work and your attendance. He's a nice person and is easily accessible for help. 10/10 recommend :) he makes french class slightly less unbearable.
5.0 : I really really liked Brandi. She is a new teacher so she puts in a lot of effort for the class. She's definitely quirky but it honestly adds humor to the class. I never dread going to this class and I even look forward to it in comparison to other ones. She grades the same way other professors will (C on your first paper) but gives great feedback.
5.0 : Professor Zaven was extremely patient and throroughly covered the Armenian language and it's phonetic sounds. It was a great learning experience and I would take him again. However, he is extremely strict and will not tolerate any jokes or fooling around in class. Do not take if you want an easy A.
5.0 : One of the hardest teachers at SC. He will challenge you. Gotta work really hard to get an A.
5.0 : Professor Charkchyan was a tough grader on all assignments, but his lectures were really interesting. Phones are not allowed in class even though he uses his phone. You can't talk in class unless you speak Armenian. He loves Georgia, as well. Lastly, if you want a good grade, either bring Tolma or Uzbek Plaf. #UzbekPlaf
5.0 : Chris is one of the best professors I've ever had. I really felt like he cares about his students, and he was a significant role model in my life. He always found a way to make things funny and interesting, even when talking about deep topics. Show him respect and he'll respect you just as much. I felt like I could be myself around him 100%.
5.0 : This class may be one of the easiest writing classes at USC. Four papers that are required by the writing department, few readings in the first few weeks and no HW from then, really easy grading in comparison to other writing professors and gives good feedback that really makes you improve.
5.0 : Definitely one of the best writing professors at USC. He is so inspiring and passionate while being a super chill teacher. Grades are fair (unlike most writ teachers) and feedback is very helpful. Highly recommended!!
4.0 : I liked her class. There were three papers, which were kind of hard. There is also a midterm and a final. She made a helpful study guide for the midterm and finals. While it is a lecture class, she still makes you dance. Overall, she expects a lot from her students but is always there to support them too.
5.0 : She is a very nice, and caring professor that will definitely make you think very deep about life and your reality. She is a tough grader like most other Writing 150 professors but she is very welcoming, and she will give you good feedback on your essays so that you can do better on the next ones and write well in the future. HARD TO GET AN A FOSHO
5.0 : I really enjoyed this writing 150 class to the extent that anyone can like a writ 150 class. She is super nice, genuine, and funny. She makes boring topics interesting. She is also super approachable and helpful in office hours. Yes, she is a tough grader, but all writ 150 teachers are. I highly recommend taking her class.
5.0 : Love him!
5.0 : Professor Kwast is one of the best professors I've had at USC! He is very clear when explaining topics in lecture and always includes interesting, relevant stories that help students put the material into context so that they may better understand it. I would highly recommend taking any and all of his classes!
5.0 : Super chill dude. Class is easy. Just do the homework and know the grammar and vocab for the chapter and it shouldn't be hard to get an A.
3.0 : Alex is a mediocre teacher. The class wasn't that hard (perhaps because I took spanish for high school) but Alex wasn't very helpful. If you have questions, don't ask him. He's a nice guy, but material is mostly self taught.
5.0 : Possibly the nicest guy of all time. As long as you try, he'll accept your Spanglish and give you a good grade. There's lots of online homework but it's super easy. None of the projects (portfolios) are particularly time consuming and you'll actually probably get something out of them. Getting an A is very doable.
5.0 : I am so proud of USC for bringing in actual Traditional Chinese Medicine and Ayurvedic Medicine practitioners to teach this class, who have actual experiences to share, love their work, change lives, and are extremely inspirational. Its an easy class: HWreading/article, 2 projects, field trip. This class changed my life! I want to be a TCM doctor!
3.0 : Sherer just got his PhD, and this is his first course he's teaching by himself. He has the potential to be a good professor, and is very knowledgeable on the topic, but didn't make the class as interesting as it could be. Lots of reading with heavy emphasis on primary sources. 3 papers and 3 pop quizzes. Easy to get a B, got to work for an A.
5.0 : Truly one of the most inspirational men I've ever met, he's changed my life forever. I left every class with a sense of purpose in life. I respect Surface Warfare Officers more than I dreamed possible because of him, and he has moulded me into the salty man I am.
5.0 : Afaf cares so much about her students and because the class is small she is able to take the time to make sure each student understands the lessons. Arabic is obviously so hard but she makes the class fun and ties in cultural elements as well so the learning feels relevant. If you want to learn or improve your Arabic here, Afaf is the best!
5.0 : Amazing professor, extremely caring would recommend !!
5.0 : Good, easy GESM.
5.0 : Afaf is one of the best professors I've ever had. She cares about her students and it shows in her class. Everyone is engaged and has a fun time. Arabic is a tough language but she makes it interesting and I always look forward to class.
5.0 : really great lab TA. super chill
5.0 : The hws are good and test if you get familiar with all the materials in class. Exams are like hws but not so difficult if you do well on the hws. Recommended !
5.0 : Loved the lectures . Exams will be hard have to practice a lot.
5.0 : David is a down-to-earth, really funny and caring guy who gives great feedback and is looking to help you make the best song you can write. If you put in the effort to write out a thoughtful song, he's always available to offer suggestions to improve it. He also has pretty good credentials as a songwriter (you can look him up).
5.0 : Intimidating guy but really caring once you actually talk to him. He is always willing to help you with your music, so long as you are willing to put in the time and effort as well. Fun class that pushes you a little out of your comfort zone if you're somewhat new to songwriting.
5.0 : She is the best language teacher I've ever had. I went into the class knowing barely any Spanish, and after just one semester, I can hold a conversation. She is so understanding and helpful during any assignment or test. The class itself is very, very manageable as long as you stay on top of the homework. She is the reason I picked up a minor.
5.0 : Els is an amazing professor and often brings actors, directors, costume designers etc. into her classes to help us better understand plays we read at the time. Her GESM class is a great way to know theater and not toughly graded at all. DO TAKE HER CLASS!
5.0 : Prof. Do is very approachable and prefers you to call him Tam. He is very accessible outside of the class and always ready to answer your questions. He assigns weekly homework and quizzes and the lowest two quiz and homework grades drop at the end of the semester. If you study enough, you should be able to do well in this class.
5.0 : Lectures and HW are super helpful as are her office hours. Copy notes before class and seek help. She really cares about her students.
3.0 : The class overall was pretty boring but very easy. Just show up and listen to lectures, then there are participation group assignments at the end of every class. Prof Switek is very helpful and caring towards students, however the class itself is not very interesting.
3.0 : She says participation is mandatory but it's actually not. She rarely pauses or asks questions during lectures, so lectures are very boring. Her accent makes it hard sometimes to understand what she is saying. She sometimes confuses herself when explaining things. But exams are easy and if you hand in your homework on time, you will be fine.
5.0 : She is a very passionate teacher and knows the content very well. It is clear that she wants to make sure students understand the material. She is very nice and the class isn't hard if you take notes, do the homework, and study a bit for the exams. Reading the textbook isn't necessary, but is definitely helpful.
5.0 : Maggie is my favorite professor at USC! She is not only an amazing professor but an awesome person in every way. Extremely caring, helpful, accessible, and really is passionate about economics and teaching. She wants her students to succeed and will help them in any way. 100% recommend -- if you have the option to take her, do it!
5.0 : Really cool and has great insights. He makes non-trivial concepts appear intuitive. Attending his class is an absolute pleasure even if they are 3 hours long ... and this is coming from a guy who hates going to class. He's really friendly, with a great sense of humor. Go Shindler ... :D
5.0 : Very good
5.0 : His class was easy to understand. He tied to simplify hard concepts and although he went through the proofs, the quizzes and exams were not asking for any proof and were very straightforward.
5.0 : Clear lectures, study guides and reviews. Tests were straightforward and similar to quiz problems.
5.0 : Definitely different from other engineering courses at USC. Overall great class and prof
5.0 : Thursday's quizzes are easy as already discussed in Tuesday's discussion session. While grading itself is, even more, generous. Easy high or full scores on both quizzes and tests. She basically explains stuff clearly. Homework sometimes tough due to some complicated engineering problems.
5.0 : Although he is just a TA, he is by far the best teacher I have had in my 16 years of school. He understands how busy everyone is and makes it easy to succeed. Also the most hilarious teacher I have ever had. I guarantee he will be your favorite teacher you will have over your 4 (or more) years at USC
5.0 : Simply the best teacher I've ever had. His lectures are hilarious but also so smart. I cannot recommend him enough! It's not hard either - he is a really fair grader.
5.0 : The best teacher I have had a SC. Take him and you will not regret it
5.0 : Doug was an awesome TA for ENGL298 who cares about each one of his students. He goes the extra mile to connect with us and make the material as interesting as possible. The class is comprised of four novels and 6 short-medium length essays. Doug grades essays very fairly, according to your skill and diligence.
5.0 : Doug is one of the best teachers I've had at USC. He knew his stuff, was responsive to students, and a fair grader. Also he's hilarious and makes otherwise boring subjects genuinely interesting. Take his class.
4.0 : He is extremely articulate and well-read. His lectures are very interesting, but sometimes ramble-y and hard to follow (almost always runs out of time). The readings he assigns are dense and difficult, and he expects you to write at a very high level as well. Overall, I enjoyed his class but I believe it is tougher than most other GESMs out there.
5.0 : Ronald is truly passionate about what he teaches and is very intelligent. Makes classes engaging. We fell behind in classwork and you don't really know your grade until the end of the semester, which could be a little stressful, but in the end he was generous on the grading because of how behind we'd gotten. Go to office hours!
5.0 : Prof Seligson is an all-around nice and interesting guy. He speaks very quickly in lectures, so it's a good class to take if you type fast or remember things well. Overall, ANTH 314 is a pretty cool class for a GE, and Prof Seligson does a good job at keeping things moving forward. The material is very detailed, so take good notes and you're set
5.0 : Very intelligent professor, covers a TON of material during lecture and talks very fast so take good notes. He makes it interesting with documentaries, stories, and guest speakers. Textbooks not needed, he says the readings are mandatory but I didn't do any and still got an A.
5.0 : This class covers a lot of details so it's a wonderful class if you're interested in Mesoamerica but it is a little harder than usual GE classes at USC. He's very nice, helpful and knowledgable. He talks fast and his slides are just visual aids so remember to take good notes.
5.0 : Professor Seligson was overall an amazing professor and I thoroughly enjoyed his class. His lecture slides are almost entirely picture-based with very few words, so attendance is mandatory to pass and good note-taking skills are extremely helpful. Dr. Seligson is a great lecturer and is always available during his office hours.
5.0 : Jason is an amazing human being. I had him for a class called "Rapid Visualization" through the Iovine and Young Academy. We would literally be ten minutes to class and be speed walking there, and then see our professor at the Coffee Bean outside, also late, just getting ready to come to class. I love this guy. Great Southern drawl.
4.0 : Jason is the most chill design prof I've had. That can be viewed positively or negatively, but you need to reach out if you want to get real feedback. He doesn't seem to care if you come or if your projects are done on time.
5.0 : Jason is the man. He is soooooo caring about his students. His class is not hard at all. However, I did grow a lot in his class with the extremely interesting projects he assigns. He doesn't do a whole lot of teaching, but gives very good advice if you ask him on your own. Very savvy professor and has incredible eye for design.
5.0 : Alex Koh is a model educator. New to the educational realm, he has a natural ability and affinity for teaching. His dedication toward student success is seldom matched and you should absolutely take him.
5.0 : Table Tennis was incredibly fun and my skills improved greatly!
5.0 : Super great professor! She gives you the midterm and final to study for them. Really nice, and she cares about helping you get better at table tennis.
5.0 : He is super smart. He answers questions super fast. Let ask him a question and see how many seconds he answers your questions :) He is nice, approachable and hilarious. His lecture is interesting. I love his teaching style. His tests are a bit difficult for those who do not have a background in finance. TAKE him! His investment class is the best.
5.0 : Gregg is an amazing teacher!! He really cares about his students and makes the class so fun! Great feedback, passionate, and has the perfect combo of friendly and hardworking. He doesn't stand for lateness or absences, but the class is so worth it it doesn't matter. Take this class!! Gregg is my fave and we've become buddies too :)
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've had at USC. He started the first lecture by trashing President Trump and the current administration--very outspoken liberal. This was a seminar, so no tests, but very heavy readings. Mostly just class discussions and one big paper at the end. He seems to genuinely care about his students. Highly recommend.
5.0 : I loved Leila's class! She is funny and excited and loves to teach. She always comes up with fun ways to get the class involved and has a lot of fun. No tests; she is very clear about speech criteria, gives great feedback, and makes public speaking easy. I would take her for every one of my COMM classes if I could! Take her!! You'll thank me later!
5.0 : She is very passionate about her subject and it shows. She also cares about her students and learned all of our names in the first week. She is sarcastic, but very supportive. She asks a lot of questions and the course is very much participation/discussion based. There were few turned in assignments, but lots of reading novel and primary sources.
5.0 : Dr McNair is a very inspirational professor. She can come of a bit sarcastic and harsh but if you go to her office hours and get to know her more you'll see she truly cares about her students. She is very passionate about what she teaches which makes the material that much easier to learn. She gives great feedback and her test are straight forward
5.0 : Really interesting class and I definitely learned the most compared to my other classes. The lectures are very interactive so be prepared to read and be called on. Books, movies, songs, documentaries etc not just textbooks. Lots of assignments and lots of opportunity for extra credit. Prof McNair definitely cares about the subject and her students
5.0 : He is a very cool professor and enthusiastic about the class. Not a tough grader and the class is not hard. Even though it's a music class, it does not require you to be a music major or know anything about music. However, the class may be easy if you are a music major.
