5.0 : Doctor Neuschatz is one of my favorite professors I have ever had! Highly recommend him. Go to PASS and you will be fine. He was always very gracious and helpful and kept class lively and interesting. Take as many classes with him as you can!
4.5 : She is one of the single best teachers i have ever had. if you do not know the material =, she will sit down and help you understand (one on one if need be). She cares about her students and wants to see them succeed.
4.0 : Gives lots of homework, but for Calculus, this is a good thing since doing the work is how you learn. Tests can be hard but she is good with partial credit. Gives bonus points on the final for attending every class. I'm taking her again for Cal B and will be taking her again in the fall for Linear. Best teacher I've had at UAH so far.
4.5 : She is the best math professor I have had at UAH.  She does give a lot of homework and it is graded, but she spends the beginning of class answering questions on the homework, and will spend as much time doing this as her students want.  She is extremely patient when teaching and explains things extremely well.
4.0 : Really goes in depth on the concepts and reviews over the previous class at beginning. Lots and lots of homework, but she makes sure you're prepared for test. She'll also go over pretty much any problem you ask about, and she's extremely friendly.
5.0 : Great teacher, be prepared for a lot of homework but only a handful of those are graded. Quizzes weekly, if you aren't a good test taker, don't sweat cause there are alot of points to get from quizzes and HW. She is also very approachable if needed.
5.0 : Mrs. Lanita Presson was an awesome teacher. I enjoyed having her for Cal B and Linear, and she teaches you important concepts that almost no other teacher at UAH can teach as clearly as her. She grades really hard, but her homework is not terribly long (you may find yourself spending hours on homework). Her tests are easy if you do the homework.
5.0 : I've taken Ms. Presson for 3 out of 5 of my math classes at UAH.  She didn't teach the other two classes.  She is an angel in math teacher form.  This semester I struggled in a lot of my other classes, but she inspired me to keep going in them because I had an A in her class.  She knows her stuff and she is always there to help.  A blessing.
3.0 : She is one of the harder teachers for Calculus at UAH. She definitely knows her stuff, but her tests are difficult. Gives extra credit which helps a lot at the end of the semester. The homework takes quite a bit of time. I would not take her again, but she does know her calculus. Very hard though.
2.5 : Presson is a decent teacher, yet she does not take into consideration how hard her students have to work. When I tried to ask her for help during office hours, her office was typically swamped. Her tests are 10 questions long with only about an hour to complete and check. Her Final was 18 problems long w parts to each. HW was 45-60 prob. per week.
3.5 : Mrs Presson is a nice lady and she knows her math. There's lots of homework and she expedites it for grading, so there are some inconsistencies because she is a more picky grader for quizzes and tests than whomever grades the homework. Participate in class and you may enjoy it and get an A.
3.5 : Ms. Presson presents all the information you need to know, but she expects you to know all of it. She gives a lot of homework, and a lot of her pop quizzes come from the homework. The tests aren't insanely hard, but you have to really know the material to pass. All in all, she's a good teacher, but be ready to work.
5.0 : A lot of homework, but it is necessary. After taking calculus B with Mrs. Presson I was fully prepared for the next courses. Mathematics should not be made easy for those dependent on it for their degree. If you do well in her class you well we extremely well equipped. I recommend her for future success.
5.0 : Ms. Presson was a solid linear algebra instructor who cared. She is supposed to have been retiring after the Summer 2016 semester. If that's not the case, don't pass her up. She assigns lots of homework and gives many chances for substantial extra credit. Study for the exams and prepare for quizzes. It's not a free grade but it's not difficult.
4.0 : A good teacher and advisor.    We had a small class so everyone got to "teach" by writing out problems on the board.   Tests are challenging but not impossible.   Went over time many classes, but usually this was to make up for snow days.  It was a night class, so that was no big deal.
4.5 : I took her for Cal A. A very hard professor, but very knowledgeable. Be prepared to do homework every night, and study lots for hard tests. Her class is passable, but will be quite a shock if you are a freshman.
3.0 : Nice person, just a very difficult class. I had to drop it. I would only recommend taking her class if you don't have a heavy load with other classes. Lots of homework, and once you get behind there's no catching up. Good luck.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Also, she gave a lot of opportunities for extra credit. Definitely choose her for calculus, but be prepared to do a lot of work.
4.0 : Presson was a pretty tough teacher, however she's a great teacher. She gave a ton of homework, but her lectures definitely prepare you and allow for good practice. Tests were extremely long and were challenging (at times), you need to make sure that you're prepared for it. One of the best math teachers UAH has to offer.
1.5 : She does not explain things at all. She puts one example on the board and expects you to give the concept. She gives homework between every class period, yells when you don't have it done early, and often won't post it until 12 hours before its due. She also has a personal grudge against honors students.
4.5 : I took Calculus A in high school, but I almost forgot ALL of the difficult material. However, Mrs. Presson takes 1/3 of the class period EVERY day just to help explain HW problems. She is not that hard to follow if you just try. She's also a really friendly and helpful woman. The tests are kinda tough. She pushes you hard, but it's well worth it.
4.0 : Very nice person, but a tough teacher.  Loads of homework, weekly quizzes, a few MATLAB assignments.  Go to class and take notes. Review the notes and quizzes for the tests.  She makes you work for an A, but if you're serious, you'll get it.
5.0 : Great teacher, can be difficult, but you will have a chance to learn the material. Be warned though, she gives quite a bit of homework.  She gives extra credit but in the form of a homework grade. This will help considering homework is 20%, which will leave your homework grade higher then 100%. 2nd day of class is your assigned seat for the year
2.5 : Knows a lot about foreign policy, but isn't very clear on grading.  She changed her mind 3 times on my paper outline, and then ripped my paper to shreds at the end of the semester after I took her advice about changing it.  Just ask for very clear instructions about paper requirements.
4.5 : Dr. Hawk is a great professor. Her class requires you to actually work and study for a good grade but she brings so much to the table. She is a good teacher who also has real world experience. You should take her class!
3.0 : Dr Hawk teaches fascinating courses. If you are interested in international affairs, you should consider taking one of her classes . I will caution you that she's an extremely tough grader and her instructions on assignments can be unclear and misleading. Her ridiculously busy schedule makes her appear unorganized at times and overworked.
4.0 : There are only a few grades: midterm, final, research paper and online HW. The online homework is a guaranteed 100 if you do it though. The tests are easy to cram for IF YOU ARE GOOD AT ESSAYS. He is a great professor though. I did almost snooze during some lectures. I'd recommend him to any UAH student needing a history credit!
4.5 : Dr. Malm can get kinda boring sometimes, but if you've got to take 100 level history courses at UAH, take Malm. He is straightforward about what is going to be on the exam and he is not a hard grader on the paper.
3.5 : He lectures the entire class without using slideshows or anything. You're lucky if he even opens up Canvas the next time he teaches a class. He's nice and super willing to help you out if you ask or shoot him an email. He gives you a list of everything that will be on the midterm or final the day before, so GO.
5.0 : Dr. Malm is a good old-fashioned teacher. Every class he lectures the entire time, and gives notes in form of lists mainly. He is a great teacher with slap-stick humor. Can miss up to 12 classes. The only three grades you have are Mid-term, Final, and a single book review. One of the easiest, most informative teachers I've had. Definitely recommend
5.0 : Among all ENG 101 instructors I'm very glad to have had him. He genuinely cares whether or not you understand the material and is always willing to assist you. Everything covered in class will be on the exam.  The midterm is Matlab and was difficult. The average was a 77. However, he provided extra credit.  The final exam is python and was easier.
5.0 : This class requires a lot of work however he has good justification for the level of work which he openly tells you at the beginning of the semester.  The professor is an amazing professor and the class is worth taking.  But take this class by itself!
3.0 : Dr. Jovanov is extremely knowledgeable in and knows the material inside and out. Problem is that this is an introductory course and he expects you to be a professional coder for exams. The two exams are the Matlab and Python, and worth 70% of final grade. Fail these and you fail the class.  I like him, but class is far too hard for an "Intro" class
5.0 : Gives great lectures! He gives history to some of the commands and why they are how they are. Very responsive to emails and canvas messages. Only gives a few homework assignments over the semester. Most of your grade is based on the midterm and the final which can be pretty tough, but if you pay attention you should do well.
4.0 : The material that was covered was difficult. However, Dr. Jovanov encouraged you to ask questions, and always answered them the best way he could. He would make sure you understood and your question was answered before moving on. He was also available though email, and was quick to respond. I would definitely take him again given the chance.
4.5 : Amazing woman. She is very funny and very very nice! As long as you do the homework and read at least a little, as well as do clicker questions, you are golden. Tests are graded fairly well, and as long as you got close, you can expect some points. Very easy woman to love and learn from.
5.0 : Best physics professor period. Don't take anyone else
5.0 : Dr. Strong makes it very clear up front what she expects. Although I was in a 300-person class, she took the time to answer questions. Her lectures made sense, and notes from the day's lecture are posted online after class. This makes it easy to catch up if you miss a day. She is very approachable and willing to help you out if you need it.
5.0 : Dr. Strong is a tremendous professor who really wants her students to succeed.  The homework can be long and quite difficult, but don't get discouraged it's not indicative of the tests.  Tests are all multiple choice with partial credit.  Go to class and get the clicker points, because they can raise you nearly an entire letter grade.
5.0 : Easy professor (easy A) for Physics 1. Just look over the practice tests before each test and they should be a breeze. Clicker points are required to a certain point, after which they become bonus. The online homework (WileyPlus) is tedious, but way harder than the tests. All multiple choice tests, but you can get partial credit for certain answers
5.0 : Cannot recommend her enough. I made an A on all the tests just by reviewing the study guides a little either one or two days before. Plus, you get so much bonus credit from clicker questions that you are all but guaranteed to pass. Only downside is that more often than not, you're guaranteed a Friday afternoon class.
4.5 : Dr Strong is a friendly and entertaining physics teacher- though sometimes she will condescend someone in class. She works all the problems in class and teaches you physics the easy way. Multiple bonuses on all the exams including the final, and attendance quizzes add up for more course bonus. You should have an easy A in this class.
3.5 : This class is not hard if you keep up with the homework. Do not let the homework pile up on you; it is due on test days. The tests are partial credit multiple choice, so if you know your stuff, you should pass easily. Dr. Strong does a good job of teaching. Attendance is extra credit after a certain point. STUDY THE PRACTICE TESTS.
5.0 : If you show up to every class, you can get up to 10 points added to your final average (80 averaged up to a 90). Every time you come to class she gives you bonus points. Hw is harder than the tests so don't panic. She loves helping students.
5.0 : I personally have a hard time with physics. Dr. Strong gives you every possible chance to pass the class short of just giving out grades. Show up to class for clicker points and it will raise your final grade a letter. I had to put absurd amounts of time into this class, again, that is just me.
4.0 : She cares about students (and understandably gets annoyed when they don't reciprocate). There were some concepts I thought she could have explained more optimally, but everything she said made sense. You can make up to a 107 on most exams with bonus questions. I made a 5 on the high school algebra physics AP, so this class was pretty easy for me.
5.0 : I love Dr. Strong. She teaches well, and she genuinely cares about her students.
5.0 : When I had her for Physics 1 and 2, she was a great teacher. To me, she was a better teacher for Physics 2. I did like learning about the mechanical physics, but I enjoyed the Physics 2 a little more. Even though Physics is not my major (Math is my major), she did a good job teaching. The clicker points saved my A in the classes.
3.5 : Dr. Strong was a good teacher. Her tests are a lot easier than the lecture, so if you get a little lost during the lecture, don't feel bad. She gives a lot of extra credit and provides sample exams. Easy A, really. Just show up and somewhat understand what's going on.
5.0 : Very helpful. Very Precise. Very Clear. Loves to teach and you can definitely tell. Material is on the tougher side, but she gives you every possible opportunity to comprehend it and pass the class. My Go-To physics teacher.
5.0 : Best professor ever!
5.0 : LOVE Dr. Strong so much. She was the one who encouraged me to do what I wanted to do and one of the main people to help me figure out what I want to do after I graduate. She's so freakin nice, so funny, such a great person overall. Her classes are fun and you learn a lot. She's just absolutely great!!
4.0 : Fair class. Didn't learn a lot in the lectures-the homework, office hours, and practice tests taught the most- and ended up guessing on some of the tests. Three partial credit embedded tests, extra credit, and homework. Very helpful in office hours. Dr. Strong is hilarious.
5.0 : This class is honestly an easy A. Tests are multiple choice and you get partial credit for wrong answers. The only reason I went to class at all was to do the clicker questions (which gives you a ton of extra credit). Other than that, the lectures are pointless. Do the practice exams, and you'll do well on the exams (don't use the hw to study)
5.0 : I love Carol Strong. She is an amazing teacher who genuinely cares about her students and their futures. Her class is not the most difficult, but I believe that is because she definitely knows how to teach. I had her for Physics I and II and could not have been happier with my choice of professor.
5.0 : Best option for PH111 and 112. Thorough lectures and plenty of extra credit through clicker questions. Ample practice material that closely models tests (which are partial credit+multiple choice). There is no reason anyone should fail Strong if they take it seriously, and may even enjoy the course itself.
4.0 : I was lucky enough to have Dr. Strong for Physics 1 &amp; 2, she's a great and enthusiastic professor. Tests can be pretty difficult at times, I'd recommend going over the study guides and all of the concepts prior to exams. Homework is really difficult, so don't worry too much about it. If you get the chance, you must take Dr. Strong, she's wonderful!
5.0 : Great Proff. Gives a lot of resources and is very organized. However, I had an 89 and she didn't give me the A. Very stingy with final grades
4.0 : Dr. Strong is a phenomenal teacher. She is very clear up front about what is expected for the semester. Homework isn't due till you start the final (so procrastination was on me), practice tests are similar to the actual tests, and there is no guessing when it comes to figuring out how to get the grade you want. I appreciate how straightforward she is about class rules and grading.  As for the lectures, they are not mandatory but they are helpful. I wasn't riveted all semester, but she kept the material interesting enough to pay attention to. If you come to class, you get clicker points for bonus at the end of the semester. She does use every single minute of class time, so don't expect to be let out early ever; however, it's also rare for her to run over time.  Tests are imbedded partial credit multiple choice with a minimum of +7 available bonus.
3.0 : Get a 100 on the homework, but don't worry too much about it. Come to every class to get clicker points; they can dramatically boost your grade at the end of the semester. The main thing to do is the practice tests. Learn those extremely well, and you will do extremely well on the tests.
3.5 : This professor is probably the best at UAH. He has high expectations of students but will teach you the material so you can do well. He is excellent at explaining difficult material. This class had real problems and will definitely help in my career.
5.0 : This professor knows his stuff and does this type of work throughout the state. Tough grader but you will learn the material and be ready to work.
4.0 : Will entertain during class and talk about actual issues encountered throughout the state - where he seems to know all about the models.  You will leave class knowing a great amount on the subject.  Grading is tough.
5.0 : Wilkerson expands what you think about absolutely everything. He shows you how there's meaning after meaning in assigned books. When papers were assigned, if you didn't receive an A, you were allowed to rewrite for a better grade. He believes trying again is the best philosophy. Even after class, we could come to him and talk about anything.
5.0 : Dr. Wilkerson is an amazing professor and Honors College Dean. He makes a huge effort to get to know all of his students. He'll challenge you to think without making classes impossibly hard, and he always keeps it fun so you actually enjoy learning. He's always there to help with any problems his students have and really cares about them.
5.0 : Dean Wilkerson is so great. I looked forward to his class every week.
5.0 : 1 credit class - grading is very easy.. if you do it, expect an A or high B. Put in any effort.. probably an A. It's a 1 credit class. He is funny and easy to talk to... he's the Dean of the Honors College for a reason.
4.0 : A lot of reading, but thats expected from an English class. Doesnt offer too many assignments, and the amount of time you have to work on a paper is short. Pay  attention during in class discussions and take advantage of rewrite opportunities.
4.5 : Participation is mandatory. You can't learn anything in this class if you don't do the assigned outside readings and engage in conversations. You do both of those, plus turn in assignments, then there is no reason why you shouldn't pass. Dr. Stewart it totally approachable and easy to talk to.
5.0 : Very nice &amp; helpful &amp; understanding; wants you to enjoy class &amp; speak your mind. Plays an amusing Devil's Advocate. Even if you are wrong, he sees your point as new &amp; interesting. Lots of work, but pretty easy/if you do bad he might let you redo. Gives everyone a chance &amp; really seems to love his job. Made ARH my minor to take more of his classes.
5.0 : If you participate, you will have a lot of fun in his class. It's really interesting and fun and if you work at it, you'll make an A (probably not a super easy A though). He's a good teacher and seems like a really nice and understanding person.
4.0 : Excellent teacher.  Lord he was born a ramblin' man; but he sure knows his stuff.  He lets you argue with him til the cows come home.  His lectures are interesting.  His tests are average.  Big words I can't understand; but I passed all his classes, too.
5.0 : Thoroughly enjoys teaching art history. His lecture are interesting to think about and encourages class participation.
4.5 : Dr. Nelson is very passionate. An A is definitely possible if you read, come to class almost always, and speak up. Some people had trouble with essays but they honestly weren't too bad. He is very helpful outside of class if you ever need anything!
5.0 : Dr. Nelson always gave an option to review our essays before they were due. He really cares about his students, and will do everything he can to stimulate class discussion. He has continued to help me with my major after being in his class. He has a clear passion for what he teaches, and will make it a point to respect all opinions given.
5.0 : I hate English classes, especially literary analysis. There are VERY few grades in this class. Attendance and 4 different 3-5 page papers about a reading. So far no quizzes. Show that you care about the paper - send it in an email a week or two before its due (right after announced), he will help revise, then go to office hours. Show you care!
5.0 : One of the kindest professors I've ever met. His dry, sneaky pop culture references are hysterical. He is always excited about his area of study and his enthusiasm is contagious.
4.0 : I took Dr. Nelson's Honors English Seminar, and I absolutely LOVED the class. He's a fantastic teacher who will give thorough feedback on papers. He's a fairly lenient grader (e.g. he won't dock an obscene amount of points for small grammatical errors like some teachers will) and he is always willing to go through your paper with you beforehand.
4.0 : Love Dr. Nelson!
4.0 : I absolutely loved Dr. Nelson! I picked him for my EH105 class based on his prior reviews on here, and I'm glad to say I wasn't disappointed. He's lenient on grading and works with you on your essays. The whole class was five books plus discussions and four essays total. If he taught a 200 level lit class, I would be sure to take him!
3.0 : BEWARE: he rarely uses Canvas &amp; you have to print out a paper every day. His class definitely improved my writing skills. Go to his office hours for essay revision. 4 essays, one daily paragraph, and participation in discussions is all you get graded on. A little less writing-intensive than I expected, more on the discussion side.
4.0 : The class itself was pretty easy, but be ready to write several essay drafts before you turn the final one in. Assignments can be vague, but Dr. Nelson is available to discuss these with students outside of class.
5.0 : Dr. F covered a fair amount of material efficiently and helpfully.  Emphasis on approaching problems like you would in real life.  Two midterms and a cumulative final.  Tests felt challenging but very fair.  Mandatory homework 1x per week, good grade buffer.  One class project was 20% of the grade, took 10ish hours of work.  Will take prof again.
5.0 : Dr. Tillman is an amazing professor. He is well prepared for each class. If there is a question he cannot answer immediately he will bring the answer back next class. He records his lectures and is easy to work with when it comes to understanding the material. Digital Signal Processing is one of my least favorite subjects, and he made it enjoyable.
3.5 : Lots and lots and lots of homework. If you can do the homework, you should be OK with the tests. Random Signals and Noise is a tough subject, but he does a good job of clarifying it.
4.0 : Good professor. Records all lectures and posts slides which is good because he goes rather quickly. Very helpful and encourages questions. He gives several homework assignments, a project, and a quiz almost every week. His grading weights are kind and he focuses on student learning.
4.5 : Dr. Tillman is an awesome prof. He works plenty of examples to prep you for homework/quizzes. Gives excellent review study guides for the tests also. Study those and you should be prepared for the tests. There's a final project, but it's basically just a more in depth homework problem. Sometimes assigns hw from the book, but usually makes his own.
5.0 : Dr. Tillman is a very good teacher He will do any and everything to help tou. I learned a lot in his 383 class.
5.0 : Great educator. Helpful, clear. If you want to pass this class and are willing to put in the effort that any Electrical Engineering student should, you will pass this class and come out knowing more then you would with any other instructor.
5.0 : Dr. English is a great teacher. You really learn the material with limited out-of-class study. She's also very funny and engaging which really helps. Also, she doesn't use the listed circuits text so you don't have to buy a book. I used my dad's old book from college and, honestly, her lectures were so thorough I never even opened it.
5.0 : Pretty cool prof. Got dat a++
2.0 : Really she can't teach whatsoever. If you want to learn anything read her PowerPoint and use the Internet. You have to go to her class everyday or you will get docked after 3 misses. Overall it's a really simple class with no real learning involved on a more than high school level.
4.0 : Very informative class, easy-going, but expects you to learn the material. Need help? She's there. Tests are not easy, but they are exactly what she covers in class.
4.0 : Spring 2015: Though I withdrew from the class, Dr. English is an amazing teacher--very down to earth. For the time that I took her class, tests and quizzes were the whole grade and was part of the reason I had to withdraw. She does want you to ask her questions, do the given work, and show up to class.
5.0 : Dr. English is awesome! Very good teacher, and also entertaining :) I took this class the previous semester and failed.  I am currently making an A (the semester's almost over).  She genuinely cares about her job as an educator.  This woman can teach!
5.0 : Dr. English was a very helpful teacher that really gave me a solid foundation for my major (EE). If I could take all of my classes with her I would! She made things very clear and easy to understand without making it too easy. I highly recommend her. One of my best professors thus far.
5.0 : Dr English is a rare breed. Extremely intelligent and can speak clearly on topic. Keeps up with pop culture too which is nice. Her tests are tough but if she knows you're working you can pass. She lets you know where you stand grade-wise and helps you decide if you should drop or not. Keeps office hours and cares for her students. Very funny too!
5.0 : hi she is pretty cool teacher love to have her again i also liked helping her out in the front desk, she is funny, and has a cool daughter
5.0 : If you can, take Dr. English for EE 213! She keeps the class interesting with her wit and humor but she's a good professor and her lectures prove it. Don't need the book. If you take good notes, do all of the problem sets, come to her when you are having trouble with material, and study often, your grade will show it!
5.0 : Dr. English really wants her students to learn. The class has at most 2 hrs of homework per week (I would recommend practicing extra on your own). The midterm was a lot more difficult than I expected, but she gave an opportunity for extra credit on the final. Highly recommend doing Kahn Academy Java prior to this course if no coding experience.
5.0 : Awesome professor, she is easy to talk with. Clear lecture.
5.0 : Dr. English is probably the best professor in the engineering department. She genuinely cares for each student, and it shows. Make use of her office hours, and actually do the problem sets without the solutions and you will do well. She makes content clear to understand and doesn't get bogged down in theory. She does take attendance so show up.
2.0 : Don't expect to get grades back from her. I turned in an assignment and she gave me a 0 and I've been emailing her for 2 months about it. It also takes her weeks to grade any assignments.
5.0 : Everyone probably already knows this, but Dr. English is one of the best at UAH. Her lectures were very informative and she welcomed any questions if you got confused. Her tests are pretty long, but if you attend class and study the old exams she gives, you'll do fine. Attendance is mandatory: 3 absences and you get  the GPA shrink ray, my friend.
5.0 : Dr. English is THE BEST at UAH. She cuts out the unnecessary junk. Gets down to the meat. You'll walk out with knowledge. Homework is not taken up, but if you don't do those problem sets you'll be lost in the exams/quizzes. LOST, I SAY. LOST.  Do the problem sets. Don't skip class. Pay attention in class. BOOM you just got yourself an A. Congrats.
5.0 : I found ENG101 to be really straightforward, coming from someone with basically no prior programming experience. Though the class covered very basic concepts, Dr. English made everything easy to follow. The MATLAB and Python tests had both multiple choice/short answer and programming parts that were simple as long as you pay attention in class.
5.0 : Dr. Rountree is a great professor. He's tough but fair, and really makes you work for your grade, which makes those A's even more satisfying. He's a little obvious about his political views, but I think it's funny. Overall I learned a lot, and I'd totally go get a beer with the guy.
3.5 : You cannot take the class and hope to just remember the pictures of architecture and pass. you will pass the quizes which will only worth 10% of the final grade but you will not pass the total of 3 test. Go to class and listen to her talk about the historical background and architecture features and know the pictures and you will pass.
4.0 : Dr. Joyce is enthusiastic about what she teaches, and she truly cares for  students' success. Still, this is the toughest class I've ever had. There are no small assignments to carry you through, just three GARGANTUAN exams and one strictly-graded paper.  Watching and re-watching all her lectures is how you'll succeed.
5.0 : She's a nice lady and a good teacher, but you have to earn your grade.
5.0 : Dr. Joyce is very passionate about art history. She is very professional and well organized. She can seem intimidating, but is actually easy to approach, talk to, and ask for help. Attendance is key, bc she is more informative than the book; she gives you study guides, so if you show up, take good notes, and study what she says to, you'll be fine.
5.0 : Professor Joyce is an excellent teacher who not only teaches art history but creates an appreciation for it. She is also very compassionate and helped me throughout the class as I dealt with family issues and home damage from severe weather. Professor Joyce's class requires attentiveness and work but you learn so much and she genuinely cares.
5.0 : I took this class because it was required; 12 years later still highly value her enthusiasm &amp; emphasis on familywomen.  She is awesome!  I bought TWO textbooks; one textbook was for classstudying.  The other was to cut out all the pictures we studied in class and to tape them on my wall.  After each class, I updated my taped pictures with notes.
1.0 : Probably the hardest class I have ever taken in college. You do not need the book for class. Attendance is mandatory. Do not take a class with this professor. She is an inconsistent and tough grader. Wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
4.5 : Very passionate about art history &amp; inspiring, has extensive knowledge about everything she discussed. Does not post class powerpoints, just pictures. Wants you to be able to discuss all topics, in class &amp; on exams. Term paper takes all semester, but is willing to help from start to finish. Happily answered my frantic 10 p.m. emails about citation.
4.0 : She gives great lectures, cares about students, and is very knowledgeable about the subject, but does not treat the class like ARH100 more like ARH200. Do not take her if you just want to get an elective out of the way. She has some extra credit opportunities, but it is very hard to get an A in this class.
5.0 : He's a very good teacher. He makes the topics interesting and very understandable. His tests aren't hard if you study a little.
5.0 : I've attended several universities and taken courses in many different fields and Dr. Wilhite is one of the best educators I have ever encountered. He teaches to the theory of the subject in such a way that you can apply it to any problem you encounter. His lectures are interesting and inspiring! Hightly Reccomend taking his course.
5.0 : Course in a nutshell: use tools provided to THINK and solve problems related to managerial economics. I don't have a math-based background, but was able to be successful by paying attention, taking notes, reading the chapters, doing the homework, and visiting the prof once outside of class re the project. I liked this course better than expected.
5.0 : By far one of the best Economics professors at UAH - he knows his stuff and can explain it amazingly well. I took him over the summer and he did not have homework assignments but if you take notes and pay attention in class you will do just fine.
4.0 : He is very excellent.  He does not use any fancy technology, therefore you must go to class to keep up.  He is easy-going and takes time to explain concepts, but don't let that throw you off because you must study to do well on the midterm and final.  Do the homework.  Take more notes than what he writes on the board.  The project isn't too bad.
5.0 : I thought it was a difficult class, but he makes it doable. He was very helpful throughout the semester. You have to come to class, it's once a week. He gives homework at the end of each class. If you miss a class, get the notes, because it walks you through the homework. He's also very helpful with the final project, but START EARLY.
5.0 : Genius teacher who is great at tying things together. And his tests are funny.
4.0 : Wilhite is a great professor and knows his subject well. Very heavy lecturing, made me want to take a nap every lecture. The key to this class is simple: pay attention, take notes, and study before tests. He gives four tests for ECN 142. Gave lots of opportunities for easy, give-me extra credit points. Go to the PASS sessions if you want an A.
5.0 : BY FAR MY FAVORITE TEACHER!!!! I've decided to minor in Economics partly due to this teachers influence. He is SUPER chill and easy going, and if i could take all of my econ classes with him I would. Seriously, take this teacher!
5.0 : Hardly any work for this class, it was super interesting and Dr. Fix kept amazing class discussions going.
5.0 : One of my favorite profs.  Makes the class really interesting and takes time for her students.
4.5 : I LOVE Mrs. Bowman. I took her MA171 (Cal A) class as a freshman, and I seriously be willing to take ALL the Cal classes at UAH if I knew that she would be my teacher. She DEFINITELY knows her stuff. She is always open for questions and the only reason that my helpfulness score is lower is because I didn't need much help. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
5.0 : Possibly the most effective teacher I've ever had. She has her teaching style perfected. She has lots of group work and wanders the class answering questions, and I guarantee you that she will find the best way to explain something. Very organized, consistent, caring, and she's pretty hilarious too.
4.5 : Here's the deal. If you do her test reviews, and you comprehend each problem, you will get a straight 100 on her tests. I'm serious. She also was available in her office to help me any time I needed. She's hands down the easiest professor in the math department.
3.5 : Bowman is a wonderful professor for any math. Although she no longer does a flipped classroom, she still has lectures and extra help posted online for anyone who needs it. I liked how her tests examined your knowledge of concepts more than long complicated problems. She grades fairly and wants students to succeed. I would recommend her to anyone.
3.5 : One of the  better math professors I have had. She does a good job explaining topics in a math perspective. But she doesn't give many real world (i.e. Physics) examples of applications. We had to rush through the last chapter due to snow days, but apart from the last chapter, she made sure that everyone kept up and understood everything we covered.
1.0 : This teacher failed to  prepare quality lectures,her knowledge of material was poor,and discouraged reading the book.UAH is a school that requires students to have a solid foundation in math(esp Engineer)and this was not the teacher for the job. I would never recommend this teacher to any student and will be avoiding her as a teacher in the future.
4.5 : I absolutely LOVE Mrs. Bowman! She is an excellent teacher, a little ditsy, but it makes her more relate-able. She is great at explaining the material and writing steps for the more difficult concepts of Calculus A. If you love math but do not care about the reasoning behind the concepts, you'll love her! And, unfortunately, she is "hot".
4.0 : Online HW. My class was 2hrs so we only had 3 tests  (MWF class had 4). Presents the material clearly. Posts notes/solutions online. Can talk fast but will repeat stuff if you need her to. She gives 5pts on the final if you have  2 absences, so go to class. Gives generous partial credit and clear feedback. Gives practice tests, but still study.
5.0 : best math teacher I've had in college
4.0 : Mrs Bowman makes calculus easy. She doesn't collect homework, but has weekly quizzes that come straight from her suggested homework assignments. Same for her tests. And she's a pretty easy grader. Her classroom presence is fantastic making class friendly and fun. Best math teacher I've ever had!
5.0 : Usually we had a lecture day followed by a collaborative in class assignment day. Her ability to explain concepts is exceptional. The in class assignments (basically ungraded quizzes) were extremely helpful as a gauge on whether or not I needed more practice and as an easy way to ask questions. She is AWESOME, she made cal B a breeze for me.
4.5 : Our class was a sort of test for a "collaborative learning" environment. This meant shorter lectures followed by in-class group work. At first I was a little apprehensive about the idea, but after a couple weeks it really seemed to be working out for everyone. Mrs. Bowman is a terrific instructor and makes everything perfectly clear. Take this one!
5.0 : Hands down best math teacher I've had.  She worked every homework problem by hand and posted answers the day you turned in the work.  The same with tests.  She had all class material broken up with tons of "homemade" reference sheets.  Still had to actually do the work, but she gave me all the tools i needed to succeed.  Highly recommend.
5.0 : She's the BOMB
5.0 : Professor Bowman is amazing! I had her for both Cal B and Cal C. I took Cal C over the summer and couldn't have done it without her teaching skills. She makes things simple, works practical examples, and provides solutions to practice exercises and homework. Her tests and grading methods are fair, too.
4.5 : She does a flipped classroom so you watch all lectures online at home. You do the homework in class the next day so you can ask her questions and work in groups if you want. All quizzes come from the homework, and tests from the practice exercises. Just work all the problems and you're set.
4.5 : She did a flipped classroom teaching method, which means she posted the lectures on YouTube and we did the homework in class. This was a great idea because homework is when you have all the questions anyway. Not sure if she'll use this method again, but she's a great teacher and super respectable. Two days to take tests. Definitely take her again.
2.5 : She isn't the best at communication if you don't have the book. she will refer to it often. if you go to class, do the homework (which isn't mandatory), and study, you will have not problems passing.
5.0 : Great calculus professor. Explained concepts in an easy-to-understand manner. Generous with partial credit. Teaches with examples, so if that's how you learn math then you're good to go. If not, or if you prefer a lot of theory, maybe take someone else. Willing to answer questions and very patient. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : As long as you study, participate in collaborative learning assignments, and do the homework, you'll pass. Mrs. Bowman is energetic, enthusiastic, and smart in her teaching. I genuinely enjoyed going to class.
5.0 : Great professor. She genuinely cares about her students and presents the material very well. I wouldn't say she's an "easy" teacher by any means. Her tests,quizzes, programs are still decently difficult, but she's always willing to help.
3.5 : Cling is tough but worth it. He makes you work for the grade. Follow his instructions: writing an essay for his tests isn't about writing a good essay, it's about fitting his criteria. He has great lectures, and the homework is for bonus (if you do more than 10 - if you don't do enough he deducts points). He grades waaaay too tough for a 101 class.
5.0 : 100% fair grading. Philosophy has many difficult &amp; abstract concepts but Prof Cling makes them accessible through open-ended discussions. I wouldn't call his classes easy A's, but your grade will reflect the effort you put into his class.  Take any class he teaches, take it seriously, &amp; you will at least learn a lot &amp; at most have your life changed
4.5 : Dr. Cling is the best! This was a upper level philosophy course, so while we covered Metaphysics, I'd say the primary goal of the class was to equip us to be able to study philosophy as a possible profession. The discussions are always interesting and that drives the majority of the class. Would definitely take again.
5.0 : Professor Cling is an excellent lecturer who really enjoys philosophical debate. This course has a large amount of reading, but if you enjoy philosophy it shouldn't be a chore. Lots of papers, but they can be skipped without greatly affecting your grade if you know the material and do the extra credit for balance. Want to stress: enjoyable class.
3.0 : Very boring and difficult if you don't like philosophy. He is a great teacher and very nice so makes the class a little better. Tests can be hard because you have to write essays. He only gives 3 tests so don't do bad on one. He does not require you to talk or participate.
5.0 : Tries hard to keep the lectures interesting; not boring at all. She is very friendly and fair. Perfect study exams. Lots of bonus points- I finished with over a  one hundred final grade.
4.5 : Best CH101 teacher. Easy to understand. Passionate about subject. Clicker points can bring you up by half a letter grade.
4.5 : Setzer is a great teacher. She gives you every opportunity to not fail the class. You just have to try!
4.0 : I wish I could highlight and bold "Gives extra credit." Seriously, she gives so much. If you show up, you get attendance points. If you get clicker questions correct, you get extra credit. I would have had an A if I hadn't skipped class all the time. Tests can be tough, but she gives great study guides. Prepare for hilarious, punny dad-jokes.
1.0 : Don't take her class. Her tests are tough. Deciding to meet with her one on one is the biggest mistake you can make. She's mean and intimidating. Not very thorough in her teaching either.
1.0 : Her tests are extremely hard. She also has an underlying meanness about her. I wouldn't recommend taking her class.
4.5 : Setzer was passionate about Chemistry, which helped a lot because I hated it. She also does her best to keep the attention of a 100+ person class. Go to class, do the homework, and you'll do fine.
5.0 : GREAT professor. Just show up to class, do the homework (and if you have trouble with the homework, she WILL help you if you ask her!), and study the old exams she provides on her ANGEL course page. And if you come to class every day, you can rack up a bunch of clicker bonus points which will substantially boost your overall grade.
5.0 : LOVED HER!!! She breaks down things so simply so its easy to understand. Says cheesy jokes that actually help to remember things. Gives A TON of extra credit, even on the online homework (you need an access code for this). Puts up old tests online for you to study from which are exactly what the test will look like. Textbooks not needed. TAKE HER!!
5.0 : She's awesome! She is willing to help you anyway she can even with the lab that she doesn't even teach. She gives her old tests online and that is all I ever study. I have 115% in the class. There is online homework, but it's not hard.
4.0 : I loved Mrs. Setzer and I'm sad that she's not teaching General Chemistry this coming semester or I would take her again.
5.0 : The great thing about this class is that any attendance, exams, and extra credits are done by the Clickers. In Fall of 2014 she had two consecutive lectures, and she gives you the option of going to either one of them. This class is great.
3.5 : Mrs. Setzer is a great, lighthearted teacher.  I had her for chemistry 101 and decided to jump into elementary organic chemistry right after that.  Having said that, the material wasn't as hard as I had expected, but I still don't understand the process of reactions between benzene rings (a good chunk of the material) and got out with a B+.
5.0 : I cannot speak highly enough of Mary Setzer! Posts lecture notes online. Gives tons of extra credit. We had 3 multiple-choice exams (all with extra credit) which were very similar to her old exams she posted online. My word of advice: when she says memorize something, memorize it! The final is departmental so study carefully for it. Great teacher!
5.0 : Take her.  She knows what she is doing, and is very helpful if you have questions.  Shes super flexible about the homework and will extend the due date if you need it.  (Dont abuse that privilege though, itll get you at the end of the semester.)  Her tests are tough, but if you pay attention and study, you will be fine.  Allows 1 makeup test.
5.0 : Amazing professor. Takes every opportunity to reinforce material covered in previous classes. Makes subject material understandable. Lots of extra credit points. Homework relevant and helpful for understanding. Engaging. Generous with extra credit. Fair. Chemistry puns.
2.5 : She was fine. Her lectures moved quickly if I tuned out for a minute I would be lost when I came back.
5.0 : The class is tough, but Setzer will work with you! She gives homework extensions easily. While tests are hard, you can be saved by homework, attendance, and extra credit points. Meet her for help outside class &amp; she'll do her best to pass you. Mary is an angel in disguise.
5.0 : One of the best professors I had at UAH.  I was a science major, but this was one of the most enjoyable classes, and it was due to the professor.  He's also on the History Channel occasionally.
5.0 : It helps the learning experience to know that your teacher knows what they are talking about, and it is obvious that Mr. Weaver is a guitar expert.
5.0 : Great guitarist and teacher! Actually learned a lot about the guitar and had fun learning it! Very laid back as well. Would absolutely recommend.
5.0 : This man makes my day every time I would walk through the door! I love him as a teacher and as a friend. He is super helpful and interesting. I love watching him perform. He is my big inspiration as a guitarist! He really knows what he is talking about and is not arrogant about his playing, either. He is one of my favorite musicians!
5.0 : Tough class, but can easily get an A if you try and participate. MAKE SURE you go to her office hours or set up appointments. She was always willing to help, work with you on your paper, provide feedback and suggestions, etc.
4.0 : She is really funny and very nice. She gives revision option for all essays, but she grades them SUPER tough, so go to her for help.
4.0 : Fairly straightforward English class.  You'll only need to write 4 papers for the class, including the research paper.  She's a fairly tough grader, but she'll let you revise your papers except for the research paper.  If you want an A, you will definitely need to work for it if you're not the best writer.  She makes the class pretty enjoyable.
4.0 : CROSS IS THE BEST ENGLISH TEACHER AT THIS UNIVERSITY!!!!! I loved her from the first day of class, and I will definitely be taking my lit class with her too.
4.0 : Ms. Cross is funny and relates to students well. The class was strictly papers and attendance with no tests. It's hard to get an A on the papers, but she lets you correct them. The class isn't too hard, but leave yourself time to write the papers.
5.0 : So interesting! She is incredibly blunt, but in a way that is not offensive. She is beyond willing to help anyone who needs it and offers revisions on her papers. Even if the material is lacking, which it rarely is, she finds a way to make it seem interesting. I would take anything taught by her.
5.0 : Explains the course material and what is required very well. After papers are turned in, allows for us to make them up for a better grade. Very few quizzes or tests, if any, but lots of reading. Accessible outside class. Requires participation. Also, very funny!
1.0 : Do NOT take this class if you cannot stand to listen to cussing.  Otherwise, it's ok.
1.0 : AVOID! Gives UNCLEAR feedback, and she gave us an extra credit opportunity, but she had the math wrong when announcing it. That was PATHETICally misleading. Also, she COMPLAINS about student participation, but has no idea on how to correct for it (call by name). Don't go 2 office hours, because she grades you harder. NO clear grading scale.
3.0 : Dr. Cross is hilarious and makes the most boring reading assignment bearable. That said, getting an A in her class was very very hard. The papers were graded extremely stringently. Write your paper early and take it to her for feedback if you want an A. At least she didn't give many quizzes though.
1.5 : I had her for Lit 207 and I hated the class. Lectures were miserable and she grades super tough on all of your papers. Participation plays a huge role on your grade. If you are looking for an easy A, steer clear.
4.0 : Really enjoyed her selection of novels, and her enthusiasm makes the overall class more bearable. Participation really helps your grade. Not very many papers, but revision is offered on all except the final, which helps tremendously.
5.0 : Prof Perry is a great guy! He can be long-winded, but at least he's full of interesting stories :) He brings pizza at the end of the semester and Blowpops on test days! Summer semester did have a lot of "busy work" but it was definitely do-able in 5 weeks! Exams are long and can be challenging, but study his awesome study guide and you'll be fine!
5.0 : One of the easiest classes I have ever taken. He will give you a study guide for the test, use it... it will going right along with the test. Class is very boring though but you can make it fun if you try. Grad project was a joke, we made half the stuff and still got an A.
4.0 : There are homework assignments each week but they are easy. Two tests. They are basically voacb of the chapters but exactly like the study guides he gives you. Attendance is optional but he gives out a lot of extra credit most classes for participation and group exercises.
2.0 : Long, and drawn out classes. Easy group project. Gave you study guides for the test. If your looking to be helped on you final grade, don't expect it from him, I ended with a 89.82.... most teachers would go ahead and give you the "A" if you came to every class and sat through 3 hours of lecture (which I did). Not him though.
3.5 : He's a good teacher, but if you can deal with accents, I recommend Dr. Wu for as many math classes as possible. Dr. Howell was a super dry lecturer, and he reads right out of the book. He's very helpful, but he's not clear in his explanations.
3.5 : Don't let this course fool you!!! Most take it for an easy A for a fine arts credit; HOWEVER, you can not just be passive in the class. You need to go to class, study for the tests, and do well on the quizzes. Tests were more detailed than I thought. They have a lot of short answer, fill-in-the-blank, so know your stuff. It's easy A if you do!
3.5 : He is very passionate about theatre. Because of that, he makes the lectures interesting with his animated movements. You will have to participate at least a little, he will not let you sit in the back and do nothing. He is an engaging professor.
5.0 : loved this class!! Harwell made it really fun and enjoyable. It's not totally a blow-off class though; you'll have to take good notes in order to have good test review for the test (which is all fill in the blank with NO word bank). The tests are easy though, and the quizzes are stupid easy. He loves it when you participate, so do so.
5.0 : Dr. Harwell is a great teacher. He makes his class interesting and he is so easy. Take him if you possibly can!
5.0 : Class I look forward to every week. Wish there was some way I could take this class again just to hear all of Harwell's hilarious anecdotes one more time. He has the ability to lift anyone's spirits. I absolutely just fell in love with this teacher. He is so passionate and has such an extensive knowledge of the history of theatre. Love love love.
5.0 : Harwell is passionate about theatre and will do anything to see his students succeed. He makes time for one-on-one work with his students and pushes for our growth and development as artists. He grades based on effort, so if you show up and try you will get an A!
3.5 : So much in class participation! Amazing discussions. The assignments are non-standard but doable. Very animated and engaging.
5.0 : Really well structured for an online class. Very clear in what she expects for each assignment, gives detailed and quick feedback on essays, and offers plenty of opportunity to get help. Assignments were engaging and got me more interested in the topics we discussed
5.0 : If you need to take a history class, take Dr. Johnson. She is very nice and interested in her students doing well. You only need to read about 20-something pages a week with a couple of small exercises each week. There are a few papers throughout the whole semester and no tests. Just follow the instructions, and you'll do great.
5.0 : Dr. Johnson is a great teacher. She's super nice and helpful, and she doesn't give a lot of work. She asks you to read some and write a paper but it' super easy. She makes her class interesting. Take her if you can!
5.0 : The class itself and its content is great. The projects for the class were great. The only thing  I hated was that our midterm and final was in the form of essays, that asked us to define things that really had no real definition. You have to do 15 homework assignments.
5.0 : My favorite professor at UAH so far. If your goal is to get an A, it is not that hard. No tests are given, with the small exception of one fairly easy map quiz if you study for a couple hours. Make sure to do your weekly homework on time, it's 10% off per day late. All assignments (except map quiz) you do at your own pace away from class.
2.0 : She gave me a lot of homework. Very hard homework. I also receive low grade.  Never take her class again.
3.5 : Really pasionate about her classes and what she teaches. As long as you try and ask for help when needed, then you will have no problem with her. Her tests can seems a little hard, but in the end they aren't that hard at all (as long  as you have attended class!). Very helpful with research papers or just homework.
5.0 : Dr. Johnson is a fantastic professor! I took her 104 history class and absolutely loved it. She is very helpful and always open to talk. Class is very easy if you do your work.
5.0 : This class is work heavy, but Dr. Johnson is very positive and communicative when it comes to assignments. I enjoyed the class, though it took me a few weeks to understand what she was looking for while grading. Don't be afraid to ask questions about her grading.
5.0 : Very excellent teaching methods.  Head and shoulders above the rest.  Very reasonable on grading.  SEE HIM DURING OFFICE HOURS.  He is very good about giving you just enough extra help during office hours to be pointed in the right direction to figure out the problem yourself.
5.0 : This professor is inspirational.
4.5 : Very helpful!
4.0 : Mrs. Bonilla is great! By far she is the most personable lecturer I had first semester. Don't base your studying on the powerpoints though. READ THE BOOK! Know the assigned chapters front to back and you will do well.
3.0 : Ms. Bonilla is a wonderful person, approachable, and personable. However, she is not the best instructor that I have had so far, her lectures are straight from the book and TOO FAST, and in Health Assessment lab I found her instruction too vague and not enough visual input. Her final exam was NOT easy and as non-detailed as she stated it would be.
3.0 : Mrs. Bonilla was a good teacher overall. However, you did have to attend class because she has vocab quizzes constantly. Her tests were somewhat hard, and study guides are not all inclusive. I highlighted in my book, made side notes, and made sure to listen in class.
5.0 : dr. bonilla is fantastic but the exams are incredibly difficult but that just may be a personal problem. i love her teaching style especially in lab. her humor is a bit old fashioned but she is so sweet and caring. i wish she taught more classes, but she is retiring next year unfortunately.
5.0 : Dr. Gatlin is a good professor. He is very clear in his lectures about the material. His midterm is fairly decent, but his final is rough. His tests are also weighted at a very high percentage. You will come out of the class understanding most of what you will need for EE308.
5.0 : EE 307 with Gatlin is one of the best classes I have taken at UAH so far. Clear lectures, funny jokes, and manageable tests. More professors should teach like Gatlin.
4.0 : One of the best teachers I have had at UAH so far. Goes through the material slowly and gives a lot of examples. Weekly quizzes. Easy homework through Angel and he lets the class choose when it's due. 1st test - super easy (made a 100) . 2nd test - killer. Final (not cumulative) - easy (made a 100). Got a B because of the terrible 2nd test.
4.0 : Overall easy professor. His lectures are not the greatest but his test questions almost match the examples he does during class, and he will do 80 minute classes of just examples from the last lecture if necessary.
4.5 : One of the best teachers at UAH.  Goes through the material slowly and will slow down even more if you don't understand.  Weekly quizzes (he forgets sometimes).  Easy homework through Angel and he lets the class choose when it's due. 1st test - super easy. 2nd test - killer. Final (not cumulative) - easy. Got a B because of the terrible 2nd test.
4.0 : As of the Fall 2014 semester, Dr. Gatlin's syllabus is: 3 Tests (25% each including the Final Exam which is not cumulative) Homework is 10% Quizzes are 15% Review: Dr. Gatlin is a teacher who wants his student to succeed. Be prepared to study hard if you are not good with tests.
3.5 : One of the best teachers at UAH. Goes through the material slowly. Weekly quizzes. Easy homework through Angel and he lets the class choose when it's due. 1st test - super easy (made a 100) . 2nd test - killer. Final (not cumulative) - easy (made a 100). Got a B because of the terrible 2nd test.
5.0 : I took Dr. Gyasi for international cinema in an online 10 week summer class. Pretty lenient guy, gives mediocre feedback considering it's an online class. Thoroughly enjoyed the way the class was structured, though; film analysis, two discussions per film, two analytical papers, and a final exam. Pretty easy A.
3.0 : Not a bad prof, but has a hard time relating to American culture and students. I took him for four classes and though he was a fair grader in general but can grade punitively if he feels disrespected (unexplained absences,  lack of participation, etc). He becomes very animated on certain topics.
5.0 : Dr. Gyasi is hands down one of my favorite profs I've taken from during my college career. I think I took a total of five classes with him (I'm a French major) and I always looked forward to class. He is hilarious and passionate, never dull. Attendance and effort do matter, but he is helpful if you communicate with him.
3.5 : He is a respectable professor. He is notorious for giving pop quizzes. Go to class! at the end of the semester he drops a few quiz grades
1.0 : Dr. Seemann tends to talk too much about more than one example for the lecture notes for the chapters. We rarely got a chapter lecture done in a timely manner, spend more time talking about his experiences and life too much and took almost 2 weeks to finish one chapter. Prepare to teach yourself the material and study a lot for quizzes and tests.
4.0 : This was one of the best psych classes I've had. He made it real with examples from the news and class demo's. Good stories, tough tests, and quizzes to make sure you read. If you get a 90 average he drops the final. We asked for study guides; he agreed. Helpful and friendly.  I wish I had him before but he was on Army leave.
4.5 : Lectures are long, he often went over time. He is a nice man. The class really makes you think about what you want to do career wise. He gave great examples. You can trek that he really cares about his students. Taken as a 5 week course during the summer. 2 movie reviews using the information learned during class. Quizzes for every chapter.
5.0 : Literally the best man I have ever met in my life. This class truly saved my GPA and he was such an amazing lecturer. His tests are challenging but if you do the readings and work hard enough, you'll do great.
3.5 : Good class overall. He takes it too seriously to be a freshman history class. Midterm &amp; Final but gives no study guide. Must Study notes and make sure you take in depth ones. PARTICIPATE in class or he will not give you full credit. Take the map &amp; book quizzes seriously and it will help your grade. He takes attendance every time.
4.0 : He is interesting and made the class really fun. But if you want easy A, do not take his class although most history teachers are hard. I got A+ but it is because I am a strong writer.
5.0 : I enjoyed Dr. Isbell's class very much. He seemed intimidating at first, but he genuinely cares about his students. Talks kind of loud, but only because he's hard of hearing. He is extremely knowledgeable, has a great sense of humor, and is an exceptional lecturer. Willing to answer any questions. Tests: pay attention, take good notes, and STUDY.
4.0 : If you intend to be a history major, take this course. If you are taking his class as a prerequisite requirement, avoid at all costs.
4.5 : Lectures are more stream of consciousness than bullets from a slide. It's a long conversation that you will be part of. The class isn't super easy, but it's not impossible if you show up and engage. The class is never boring and he will buy you pizza at the end of the semester if you show up to watch a movie. You gotta take something, why not eat?
3.0 : He is not a boring teacher but it you want an easy A, this class isn't for you. Test and materials are usually heavy. Therea no much in the class other than a final. Exam, mid term paper,  quizzes, and Map quiz. Will I take him again No but if history is your major and you have a clue what's going on, Dr. Isbell is your TO GO GUY.
3.0 : Fine lecturer who presents the material clearly and with a sense of humor. But tests are too FEW and too hard for non-history majors. Just map quiz, midterm, final. Unless you have a memory like a steel trap, prepare to struggle to wade through the sheer load of information when studying for tests. Not fair to non-history majors taking for credit.
5.0 : James Isbell is an awesome teacher. He may be difficult in regards to tests, but he managed to make history interesting. His class is lecture heavy, so be careful if you are opposed to that. Take notes and study for the tests and try your best. This is one of the few classes that I have actually needed to study for, but it is still interesting.
4.0 : Would love to take another class of his! He's a tough grader, but he also takes into account if you are working hard or not. Being at class is important, but he understands having to miss every once in a while. He tries to give you the important stuff (test stuff) so you can get out faster. Can loud, but only because he has hearing problems.
1.5 : She writes everything on the board, doesn't use power points, and none of her notes are uploaded to canvas.  She shows examples she has made up and shows half the steps but does not state the original problem. Test are HARD. Gives "partial credit" but there was no method to it. Just how she felt. Homework is graded for accuracy. LONG &amp; Every week!!
5.0 : The material is difficult. She makes it as easy as possible but she talks for almost 3 hours so bring your coffee.
5.0 : Took stats 1 and 2 with her. She is great. she will slow everything down so the class would understand the materials. Explain things really well. Wants everyone to pass her class. 3 exam, homework each week, work on study guide. YOU WILL PASS THE CLASS WITH FLYING COLORS!!! TAKE HER IF YOU WANT AN A. Stats is hard but with her makes its E-Z
5.0 : Outstanding professor, old school teaching with no powerpoints which really works for statistics. She is the only Prof to take for MSC 287 and MSC 288
5.0 : Incredibly hard topics, but she really teaches it well.
4.0 : This teacher is awesome! I highly recommend her! As long as you go to class, do Aplia, and go to PASS sessions, you will definitely get an A or at least a B in her class.
4.5 : Overall probably one of the easiest classes I'll ever take. I've shown up to class so far and I haven't failed. His lectures are funny but to get old after awhile. Overall a great guy though.
4.5 : Class consists of going over current articles in the news. If he says "what you'll need to know for test purposes...", write it down. You might be tempted to skip class, but you'll miss those hints. Test covers news articles, so you *must* read them. Super easy if you read them, you'll have no clue if you don't. Drops lowest test grade.
4.5 : 5 tests (including final) covering news articles discussed in class. Extremely easy if you read the articles/take notes in class. He didn't post notes online this semester. He drops lowest test grade: you don't have to take the final if you are fine with your current grade. Reading assignment worth 10%, easy but required to get an A.
5.0 : Professor White was one of my favorite professors ever. If you just use his study guides you will pass easily and if you utilize those along with listening to the lectures and A is pretty much guaranteed. Tests are in a mostly True False with a few matching format. White cares a lot about his students and wants good grades.
5.0 : Unlike most UAH classes, his class was not pointlessly difficult. If you do your homework, listen in class, and study the test reviews, you will make a good grade. He can be opinionated at times, but it makes the class more interesting. I recommend it!
4.5 : Does not require you to buy the textbook. Most of the test is composed of what he says in class about the notes, but you DO NOT have to show up to pass. He posts all notes and practice quizzes online. He knows his stuff and uses real world examples. Would recommend.
5.0 : As long as you pay attention to his study guides he uploads and finishes the semester assignment you're golden.
5.0 : One of the best teachers I've ever had! Was such an easy class and he was so nice and fun!
5.0 : Very easy. Just look over test review 1 hour before test and you'll get an A easily.
4.5 : He's a really funny teacher and put things in perspective. Attendance is not required to passed. He gives very good study guides and extra credit. I truly enjoyed this class. You dont have to purchase book. I highly recommend.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. Works tons of examples in class that helps immensely with hwk. Had 3 quizzes at the beginning of the semester and then nothing. Midterm/final are both long, but straightforward, based off examples/hwk and you can have formula sheets. Midterm has takehome part with a design problem. Final project for 514 is a very fun application.
4.5 : The material can be tough, and the homework seems to take forever, but Dr. Joiner attempts to make it easy. Her lectures are clear and interesting.
5.0 : 2nd round w/ Dr. Joiner and it was everything I expected.  Get ready for Signals/Systems + Probability Theory on steroids. Not an easy A at all but if you work hard you'll get it. HW is long, usually 1 a week. 2 term exams + final. Term exams: 4 problems like HW/class examples. Final was long w/ several theory Q's about different Comm systems.
5.0 : POP QUIZZES given whenever he feels like it and they are always 2 problems multiple choice (drops 2 lowest). His tests are straight forward study material from lecture and some examples from the book. Loves to tell stories about real world dynamics problems that will arise in your working career. Overall a good professor and would take again.
4.0 : Dr. Fikes is great for this class. Definitely take him if you can. Very helpful and is good at explaining the material.
5.0 : He is a excellent teacher. I had him for Statics and we were given random pop quizzes which weren't bad if you studied throughout the semester, which is good to do. He basically tells you what to study for the 30% of your grade final. Great man and excellent teacher. Highly recommended. Favorite teacher at UAH so far. Will take him again if I can.
5.0 : Good lecturer with solid experience from the industry. He knows what the real world is like outside academia and will teach you accordingly.
5.0 : Gives pop quizzes, but drops the lowest 2. Pretty easy class, just follow the tutorials. He is willing to sit down and help anyone during class. Great course and he relates it to real life problems.
5.0 : Dr. Bryson is great. 310 contains tough material, but he worked with us and made sure we were understanding things before moving on to the next topic. Take advantage of going to his office and asking questions before the exams. If you show up to class, pay attention and take notes, and study, there's no reason to not make an A in Bryson's class!
4.5 : Test straight forward gives you a what information you need to know. He also gives specific problems to review before the test, those alone will prepare you for the problem section of the test.  When grading the test he is very lenient on the problem section, if he sees you get the concept he takes off minimal points or sometimes none
5.0 : Dr Bryson is absolutely my favorate teacher in UAH. He will give u a detailed class and make sure everybody understand him. He can also make the contents easy. His tests r not hard. If you do homework well then you will recieve an A.
4.5 : My favorite professor at UAH. Willing to help you in any way he can (even gives his home phone to students). To study to the homework problems over and over until you completely understand. Takes notes when he does the homework.
4.5 : Dr. Bryson is a wonderful professor who is always willing to help students understand the materials. Do your homework prior to class to get the most of the lecture's homework review. His tests are straight forward and you will do well if you review your class notes, your homework, and practice additional chapter questions.
2.5 : Dr. Bryson is a nice man, but I cannot learn from him. He skips steps when he works the problems in class. I think it's because he's so smart that he forgets to explain things fully. I normally make A's &amp; B's in my classes, but I'll celebrate if I get a C in this one. Hardest class of my life, and this is my 3rd degree!
5.0 : Advice: review the homework concepts before hand if you can, go to class, copy the problems down with any explanations, rework the homework and learn why Bryson does what he does, read the books explanation and try again, go get help as needed, take a test, review what you missed and why, go get more help if you can't pinpoint your mistake. Repeat
5.0 : The grade is based solely on tests, but the mini-tests are just like homework problems, and keep you on track for the exams. The key to passing was doing a little background reading and paying attention to the in-class homework review. It can be hard to participate because Dr. Bryson is a slow and repetitive speaker, but he really cares.
3.0 : He repeats himself a lot and always tries to engage the class during a problem, but you can tell he's really passionate about what he does. His class is based solely on mini-tests and exams, and gives you extra credit if you just show up. He doesn't use online tools at all, so take notes because there will NOT be PowerPoints to view after class.
4.0 : You definitely have to do the homework he assigns each class, but everything he has you do is for your own good. The multiple choice on his tests can be difficult, so go to PASS. Test problems come from the homework exercises. He's always willing to help his students outside of class, and is genuinely dedicated to helping his students learn.
4.5 : If you can take Henriksen for 390, do it!!! His tests are very straight forward, and what he tells you will be on there is on the test. This way you won't waste all your time studying things that won't  even be on the test. His lectures are pretty entertaining and he's got a good sense of humor. Would take Dr. Henriksen again!
4.5 : Great teacher and made the class easy. He gives homework, 3 tests and an optional final. Take him for ISE321 if you can't get Wessels and never pass on Henriksen for Nicholls.
5.0 : I've taken 5 of Dr. Budge's classes.  He's probably the best teacher I've had.  His assignments are very reasonable and practical, and he actually works his own problems.  He grades strictly but he lets you rework the assignments until you learn it and get it right.  He's one of the rare teachers that knows his stuff and knows how to teach too.
4.5 : Dr. Budge is by-far the best instructor I've had. I've taken his entire graduate level radar sequence (5 courses). He admits he's an extremely tough grader, but you have the option to resubmit homework assignments as many times as possible. He is more than willing to help debug code. Final grades are 100% homework-based.
4.5 : Dr. Wray is a very fun and engaging teacher. Explains things with clarity, and will always back up and review after going over complicated concepts. He's extremely knowledgeable and a top-notch musician. He's very friendly and has a nice sense of humor. He won't let you slack off, though! Participate and do the assignments and you'll have fun.
5.0 : Dr. Wray is amazing, and is the best teacher I have had at UAH in 3 years.
5.0 : Fantastic as always! Makes class interesting and fun. Difficult subject, but she helps all she can. You can't help but love and respect her.
4.0 : Love this professor! Buksa is always there to help and makes sure you are caught up and you are where you need to be. You have to show up to class! Clear grading style, although sometimes instructions aren't always clear. Overall, awesome professor for Russian!
3.5 : Since Russian is my minor, I was already pretty into the class.  Dr. Buksa was great, and very inspiring throughout the semester.  You obviously won't do well if you don't study the material, practice speaking out loud from the book, and learn the conjugations.  But if you do all that, you should pass with an A.
4.5 : Dr. Miller wants his students to succeed. He makes himself available during office hours, and he's willing to work with students that have special circumstances. The homework and tests were online, which was incredibly convenient. He appreciates student attendance and  involvement in class. Go to class. Keep up with the work. You'll make an A.
4.5 : Dr. Miller really cares about his students and is passionate about physics. He encouraged students to go see him during office hours, and took the time to explain more difficult concepts. This is a great general physics class because it is not incredibly stressful or hard, but you still learn a lot. Highly recommend.
5.0 : His exams are online which are easy. Homework is online which is hard. Final was online. Great teacher, easy A, definitely taking him again.
4.0 : I actually ended up doing a lot more work than I expected, and she was very specific about how she wanted things done. Tests are hard, but she has lots of extra credit to make up test percentages. A solid choice.
4.0 : Carmen's a dry and boring professor for most subjects, but she is hands down the best choice for your project class.  She's incredibly helpful and supportive outside of class and it was a joy to work with her during my senior design project.
5.0 : Great teacher, very helpful. Definitely there for the students benefit.
5.0 : Be ready to work, it is senior design. With that said, she helps you through all of the way and will make sure your group succeeds. It requires a lot of outside of class work, but she designates a lot of classes for group work, where attendance is not required. There are 3 presentations a semester and a final paper due.
5.0 : Dr. Laska was the best teacher I ever had. As long as you go to class you will pass with flying colors. Not an "easy A" because you had to study but I got a 100% on mostly every test. DEFINITELY TAKE HER!!
4.0 : She did not use the textbook or have any homework.   A couple in class and out of class assignments and one paper.  Taking notes is a must in her class.  Overall she was an awesome teacher
5.0 : Most influential professor I have ever had. She has changed
4.5 : Mme. Diot is an amazing professor. She is adamant about you learning the material, but she is willing to answer all of your questions. My class was small there were many great discussions about our readings and current events. Use all the resources she provides and ask for more! All of the workload is worth it.
5.0 : Mme. Diot is one of the best instructors I have ever had. She is a fascinating person and has a vast knowledge base to draw on.  I looked forward to every single class. I took her twice and wish I could again!
5.0 : Mrs. Lenahan was a great teacher for Cal A. I had not taken any math courses past Algebra 2 prior to her and I made an A. However, her tests are tough. She usually uses the most difficult practice problems, but she gives lots and lots of partial credit. BE WELL PREPARED FOR THE FINAL!
4.0 : Lenahan is great! I took her for Cal A and Cal B. She explains the material in a way that makes it easier to understand. Her tests are more difficult compared to the other teachers, but she is great about partial credit! She wants to see your understanding of the material, not if you missed a sign or wrong number.
5.0 : I absolutely enjoyed taking her. I am very clearly able to follow her lectures, and she is incredibly helpful. Most of the time, I can email her about a question and she is usually very prompt to respond to my questions. I would highly recommend her as a teacher for math. I would take her again if I ever got the opportunity.
4.5 : Very good teacher. Gives as many points as she can. Knows the material and can relate to students. Would definitely recommend to anyone taking any math class.
5.0 : Lenahan is one of the most helpful proffesors on campus and would do anything to see her students achieve.  Because of the hard work she puts in to her lecture she respects a student who shows similar effort.
1.0 : Knows her material but is a terrible teacher. She frequently skips crucial steps in problems expecting you to understand how she got there. If you ask for clarification she will repeat what she already said or say there isn't enough time and she needs to move on. Rushes out of class, late to class. Tells you she doesn't make her own tests.
5.0 : I took Mrs. Lenahan for both Cal A and Cal B. She is very kind and understanding. She is clear and is very willing to answer questions. She gives great partial credit on tests, but assigns 2-3 homework assignments on MML per week. She will work with you if you put in the effort to succeed.
4.0 : Very helpful and knowledgeable! She gives lots of partial credit... even if you just write formulas for the problems.
4.0 : From someone going into Cal A without a math for two years, Prof Lenahan made it very easy to cope. She makes the subject simple if you pay attention but a lot of it is memory. There are some projects but no need to stress over them. I highly recommend asking questions and attending PASS sessions.
5.0 : I have now completed all of my math at UAH at I can assure you that Shelly Lenahan is the best teacher in the department. I had her for Precal-Trig, Cal A, &amp; Cal B. All of which I passed with an A. Her lectures are easy to follow and the material makes sense when she explains it.
5.0 : I have had Lenahan for other classes in the past. She is by far one of the greatest math teachers I have ever had. She searches all over to give you as much credit on tests as possible. Her notes are always clear and you really learn the material! It saddens me greatly that I can't take her for MA 172 as well.
5.0 : Great teacher!
5.0 : I LOVED Mrs. Lenahan. She was an extremely fair teacher. She told you what she expected, and stuck to it. Barely deviated from the syllabus provided at the beginning of the semester. Good communication. Very understanding and knows her stuff. Not afraid to admit if she is wrong and doesn't waste anyone's time. I am taking her again next semester.
4.0 : Mrs. Lenehan is very good at explaining concepts. Any questions you have she'll always do her best to answer. All of her lectures are recorded and posted online so while attendance in mandatory, you have access to what you missed that day.
4.0 : She was an amazing professor. She recorded all of her lectures online, so if you missed class it was okay. Her attendance grade comes from going to the opportunities to succeed, so make sure to do them if you have them. You don't need the textbook, just the access code to get to the homework, which is for every chapter but you have tons of time.
5.0 : Lenahan-one of the best math teachers at UAH! She sticks with her syllabus, or lets you know in plenty of time if there's a change. Quizzes at the beginning of most classes that test your knowledge of what was just covered previously. Grades fairly and is helpful when questions are asked. Finals are easier than her other tests. Take her if you can!
4.0 : I took her summer course for pre-calculus, and she was very polite and approachable.  The homework was a bit difficult because we had to do it after every class (we met two times a week), but it probably saved my grade.  The tests were a bit difficult (coming from someone who really studied), but I passed with an A-.
4.5 : She is clearly one of the best mathematics teachers I had.  She expects people to come to class and pay attention and gives review days for test as long as most of the class shows up for the review days.  Her lectures are very easy to follow and she is great with answering questions. Perfect attendance usually gets you five points on your final.
5.0 : Math is by far my worst subject and if it's yours too, this is the teacher for you. She is very helpful, kind, and respectable. Math requires hard work as a student but the effort you put in is what you will get from it. She is a phenomenal teacher and I am taking her again for MA 120
5.0 : I had this same course in high school, but she taught it very clearly!
3.5 : FYE is something everyone has to take. He is really chill, doesn't mind if you miss a few assignments or do stuff late. I've heard there are other FYE professors who won't make you do any of the work though, so look into them. He didn't add anything difficult to the class though. Mostly online stuff.
4.5 : This class was challenging and while he read off slides, he presented challenging problems. "CHALLENGING"! tests are hard and you need to do as much homework and practice as you can to do good.
2.0 : Teaches through slides only which isn't very helpful in an accounting class. Doesn't go over quizzes, homework or tests, but expect to work long problems on tests.
3.0 : My least favorite teacher I have had so far. I got a B but have no clue how I did. His tests are impossible, and he even says in class he knows they are extremely difficult but he does nothing about it. I had to study my tail off to barely make a B. I would not take him if I could have done it over again.
5.0 : Absolutely loved Dr. Allport! I was hesitant taking my first accounting class as a mini, but he made accounting interesting - something I didn't think was possible. Tests are pretty hard, but so are the concepts to some elements of accounting when you first start off and he was usually pretty lenient in grading. Definitely recommend!
4.5 : He does the impossible and makes accounting interesting. It's a tough class, but he makes everything as clear as possible and is always there for help. Make an effort to come to class, because he tends to simplify the textbook in his lectures. His tests cover the material taught in class, no surprises.
3.5 : Don't take him! He's a nice guy but he makes his test ridiculously hard for NO reason. You know the material but he adds in tricky wording and it seems he wants people to do poorly on his test. For someone who isn't going to be an accountant, skip him!!
5.0 : Allport is a great teacher. I understand why accounting majors hate his class. Accounting classes are hard, but if someone else taught this class, it would have been much worse. He's definitely the best accounting teacher at UAH.
3.0 : Good teacher, lots of work. You have to do all  of the homeworks, quizzes, GAP assignments, SAP assignments to pass!
5.0 : I and my friend love Allport. 210 is a combination of 211 and 212 so there are more materials in this class. I always try to ask questions so that I don't have to do any extra study at home. He makes accounting really interesting and inspirational, especially for accounting majors. Love this guy and highly recommend for accounting students!
5.0 : Amazing lectures! Adds humor to liven up the lectures. Exams are just like homework problems. Insane about of homework it may be only 4 problems but each have parts a) through m) and it gets time consuming. Given a week or more to do the aforementioned homework so time frame is reasonable. Always assigned on wednesday and due the next monday.
4.5 : His tests are unreasonably difficult and worth an unreasonable percentage of the final grade for a programming-based class. Be ready for fill-in-the-blank algorithms and intense documentation with this guy. He's hilarious and I love his personality, but his assignments are unreasonable. There's generally no way to avoid him, but try if you can.
5.0 : Dr. Coleman is an excellent professor and explains the material effectively. The book is optional, and the course content comes from his slides. He provides a list of everything possibly on each exam. He manages his website to give out class files and lecture slides. You will have to put in some time for this class, but he will make it worthwhile.
2.0 : He tells you himself half the class failsdrops each semester. Tests are rough and the "study guides" he gives are useless. Get ready to learn everything there is to know about data structures because you never know what kind of crazy stuff he will ask on tests. He is the only one teaching this class so there is no avoiding him. Study hard.
4.5 : Dr. Coleman's 221 class was more enjoyable than 121. It's the same format - slides and lecture. The slides are still made available online to download between lecture dates. The programming assignments were of more substance, as you should expect. He still responds incredibly fast to emails and assignment submissions. He also seemed relaxed in 221.
5.0 : Marvelous, marvelous professor. Very funny, and explains things well. The tests are hard but 221 is the weedout class for the Computer Science line, so of course it's going to be hard. I don't know how I could have gotten an A in a course this hard if it wasn't for a good teacher like him.
5.0 : Dr. Coleman is a great instructor - so good that other CS instructors use his materials. He gives excellent feedback, lays everything out plainly, and his lectures are comprehensive and downloadable. He gives you every opportunity to do well, and his graded assignments pull no punches. Show up to classes! His office door is usually open too.
5.0 : Dr. Coleman was such an excellent professor! I enjoyed having him for CS-221! He taught exactly what we will be doing in the real world! His tests are easy if you study! Only hard part:  MEMORIZE HIS TERMS! He is a fair grader, but he wants terms exact on the test! He gives little to no partial credit! His programming assignments are easy!
5.0 : The hype is real. Easily the best professor I''ve had for any class. Challenging assignments but he will teach you everything you need and more. His classes progress at a consistent pace but he takes the training wheels off for 307. Only downside is the paperwork for projects.
3.0 : Coleman is just ok. He's very sarcastic, but not in a funny way. He talked about how everyone would fail multiple times. He's also not very sympathetic if you miss class or an assignment (no matter the reason). Be prepared for his test to be more terms than coding (totally makes sense for a cs class doesn't it). He's just ok.
3.0 : I would never take Coleman again. He's just average and he makes to tell you daily that if you're struggling in the class then don't even try to become a Software Developer because "it'll never happen." It gets old being told I'm never going to make it just because I'm currently struggling a little. He gives study guides which is the only good thin
1.0 : Worst teacher ever. Avoid him at all cost
3.0 : Coleman is a decent professor, but if you didn't take him for CS 121 then I wouldn't take him for CS 221. I feel like a lot of the assignments require prior knowledge he only taught in his CS 121 class.
5.0 : He's a fantastic teacher. Put together, I probably learned more from his classes than the rest of the CS courses I took combined. He did this thing that seems somewhat unique in the department where he actually has you program things using actual code written on a real computer. I know, unheard of, right?
5.0 : This is the 2nd class I took with Dr. Coleman, and I have no regrets. He teaches off of slides (which are really detailed and easy to follow in case you miss class). The level of difficulty of this class is entirely up to you. If you try and keep up with the work, then it's an easy A. And if you're struggling, he's always willing to help.
2.0 : Coleman is either a home run or a foul ball. He is really willing to help you if you go to his office during office hours, but don't expect any handouts from him. His tests are rough and his programming assignments are somewhat outlandish, requiring many hours to complete in the midst of everything else. He is very knowledgeable though.
5.0 : Some people overstate Coleman's difficulty. He mostly teaches difficult courses that are hard regardless of who is teaching. That being said: Take him. He's as good as it gets. Great lecturer and helpful outside of class. You will learn a lot.
4.0 : Have taken him twice (121 &amp; 221). You will find him either charming or smug. Has few assignments, only 3 tests and 4 programs equal to one test (plus the final). Broad amount of material with only a narrow portion selected for tests, with few multiple choice. Generous lecture material, with portions of code freely given.
4.5 : Dr. Coleman's expectations are clear and he grades strictly (study the terminology and his word choice). He appeared bothered by 'advanced' questions; otherwise he is very friendly, humorous, and professional. He does not require the most recent edition of the text; he provides his own slides.  Very fast responses to emails. Class was easy overall.
3.0 : You can tell he loves Finance, and he is a really nice guy. You will learn a lot about Finance if you put in the work, but you will really have to work just to pass. He is by far the hardest professor I have taken at UAH (and I was an engineering student for two years). Your grade is based on 3 tests only, so you better know material back to front.
3.5 : Gives a note package for the course. Multiple choice questions come straight from that question and the problems are usually very similar to the homework problems. Not much need to read textbook for exams, only need them to complete homework
5.0 : I wasn't interested in finance at all, but he made it exciting. Do the homework 100% and you will be prepared for the exams. Some of the questions can be very tough, but if you do the homework then you'll be prepared. He's a great professor who's funny and knows his stuff. In the summer we had 5 tests.
5.0 : Great Teacher. Willing to give extra credit if you ask continuously. Will allow you to completely re-take a test (based on total class performance). Willing to help after hours. Always brings candy or snacks for the entire class. Funny! Had a great time in this class.
4.0 : He knows finance. Attending class helps a lot!! First test seemed easier to me than the other two but then again I studied for that one the most. Don't wait till the last weekend to study for tests.
4.5 : Great teacher! Answered all my questions and prepared me for my exit review in the fall. Also, there are books you have to buy, but it is not a lot of reading.
4.0 : I have had 5 classes with Jill, and hope to take at least 3 more. Jill regularly checks up on her students progress, but cannot read minds, so she helps those that ask for help. She provides great and insightful feedback, lots of suggestions for inspiration, and pushes her students to be bold, take risks, be expressive &amp; break their own boundaries.
5.0 : Jill is a kind, caring professor. The class was long and tedious at times, but she was always understanding if you needed to take a break. I would recommend her. If you do all the work and come to class and follow instructions, you should make an A.
5.0 : Great Figure Drawing Professor
3.5 : Very knowledgeable and loves what he's teaching but does not make participation easy as he shoots down incorrect answers and makes you feel dumb.  Tests are decent, and he leeway on essays.  Probably would not recommend for a friend, though.
4.5 : I had Moore for both history courses and enjoyed his class. He is obviously very passionate about the subject and encourages discussion. He is also very accommodating.
3.0 : Nice guy and interesting lectures, but tough tests. The problem was that his study guides were vague and PowerPoints were useless. If you absolutely have to take him, my advice would be to read the book and use lecture notes to prepare for tests. Also try to get 100% on the paper so you'll have some cushion going into the final exam.
4.0 : He's a really cool guy. He has a lot of passion when he lectures about the subject, which makes the entire class so much more interesting! He's also a fair grader. His tests are also fair, not rediculously hard. Study and go to the lectures and you're golden.
4.0 : I don't think it's possible to get anything but an A in this class. He tells you what every problem on the tests will ask. As for the lab, just do your best. The TA didn't make it very clear what we were supposed to do, but as long as she can tell that you seriously tried to complete the work, she'll give you an A.
5.0 : He works his lessons off of power point and does a good job to hit key information. Works a good amount of examples so you understand the info and is more than helpful if you don't quite understand the lecture. Had him for EE202 also and the same great teacher in that class also.
5.0 : Great teacher; Clearly went over what content would be covered in tests, very clear in his lectures as well.
5.0 : Probably one of the clearest and most effective teachers I've had at this school. Lectures were a mix of theory and example problems. Tests and quizzes were exactly as he said they would be and fairly easy if you knew the material.
5.0 : If you're an EE you probably already know that Mr. Hite is your go to guy for classes.  Had him for 202, 213, and 223 and the guy is great.  He's straight to the point, hands on/example based, and you should get a good grade out of the class as well.
3.0 : Good professor, gives you the "need to know". Lectures are somewhat boring, but you need to attend class. Notes aren't posted
5.0 : This class is easy. It is basically kindergarten for electrical engineering. My class mates were not particularly enthusiastic about the course and I could see it weighed on Hite a big, but Hite cares about the course and wants everybody to be interested.
5.0 : I would take every class he teaches.  The other professors should sit in his class so they know how to teach!  GREAT GREAT GREAT instructor!
4.0 : Dennis was a great instructor. EE100 is an intro class, so no surprise it was easy. Only a couple of tests and he does review the class before where he tells you EXACTLY what type of questions will be on the test and goes over examples. The final project was easy. Pay attention and you'll be fine. I only used the book for the lab instructions.
5.0 : Awesome teacher, he the best ever if I have change to take with him I will take it again. Not a lot of homework, clearly grades, easy to understanding his lecture, straight to the point.
5.0 : Tremendous professor.  Very clear cut in the structure of his class.  Tests are fairly easy assuming you've done the homework and took time to go over his review.  Dr. Hite is definitely a teacher you want to have, and he's always more than happy to help you if you don't understand something.
5.0 : Dennis Hite is fantastic. He really cares about the students and  always helped and answered questions. Really enjoyed the class.
5.0 : Hite is a great guy and an excellent teacher, I'd definitely recommend him to everyone. His lectures are very example based, with a little theory thrown in. The tests follow the study guides for the most part. This is definitely your guy when it comes to circuits! I'd recommend studying/understanding the concepts and not just the problems.
3.5 : Good professor. His lectures are easy to understand, though slightly boring. The class was good, the lab was awful because my TA (Roshni Ashok) was difficult to understand and didn't like to explain things.   Take advantage of the opportunity to learn in the lab!
5.0 : One of the best professors I have ever had.  He has an immense concern for his senior design courses, and is willing to spend hours upon hours to help them. I highly recommend that you take Dr. Lineberry for your senior design professor. He's also extremely intelligent, and very personable. He's just an overall good guy.
5.0 : This was for USLI Senior Design so most of the requirements are NASA driven.  That said, attendance is important, and there are a hand full of individual assignments. Just do your part on the team, don't be a leech, and you'll be fine.
4.5 : Dr. Lineberry is a really cool guy. He is always willing to answer your questions and help out any way he can on your project. I would recommend taking him for senior design just because he is such a good guy.
5.0 : Dr. Leahy is a wonderful professor! I took him for Microbiology I and Senior Seminar. He knows me by name, helps me whenever I ask, and is very humble and sweet yet so intelligent. Go to class, take good notes, and expect every note he goes over to be on the test. Ask questions and talk to him if you need help. He is there for you! Top notch guy!
5.0 : You have to g to class and take notes, but by far the best professor I have had at UAH in my two years here. Tests are hard but if you put forth the effort you can do well. Dr. Leahy will give you all the information you need for the test and he is very helpful when someone needs help. Also, works well with athletes schedules.
4.0 : Dr. Leahy was by far my favorite professor at UAH. He is humble and funny all while very knowledgeable. I thought I would hate BYS 214 but I loved it. I wish I had time to take the second class with him. He is the best of the best, even though his final is  tough. But I think he scales it a bit. Wonderful man, awesome class.
4.5 : Dr Lindquist is my favorite teacher at UAH. He teaches in a way that is understandable and doesn't try to make it hard for students. Despite this, 310 will be a hard class because of the material. On the first 2 tests he lets you have 2 sheets of paper(you can write anything on them) and on the final you get 6. I would take him again for any class.
5.0 : Tough class, but great professor.
4.5 : Senior design is tough, and he will assign a project that requires work. But he and his assistant Dr. Turner will help you get through it. You will have to prove you can work, but if you do your work he will not screw you over. Pretty much only gives As and Fs.
5.0 : He is the best lecturer I have had at UAH.  He works for NASA doing mission planning, so really knows his subject matter.  He is great!  You want him for any course he teaches.  Easy class: no tests, just 6 quizzes and 3 trade studies.  Was late getting first trade study back, but was fair and pushed back due dates because of it.
5.0 : Lectures were interesting and he uses the technology well.  I took the class online and never felt lost with any of the material.  The quizzes are simple and the trade studies are just challenging enough to be interesting without stressing you out.
5.0 : Tom is just an all around good bro. He told us stories of his work at NASA which made the class really interesting and fun to be in. Laid back lecturer and grader. Tests and homework weren't hard at all for a grad class.
5.0 : Best prof I have at UAH.  He was able to keep my attention for summer lectures.  I learned a lot, but I also was not stressed for each exam.  Fun class that I also learned a lot in.  Take him if you have the chance!
5.0 : This professor will take the time to ensure you learn the material if you are genuinely interested in learning. He is very knowledgeable and seems to have a passion for the subject. He will answer questions via email when he has time. He is patient with people with disabilities. He is approachable.
5.0 : Mrs. Xiahou is such an awesome professor! Very beautiful as well. If you pay attention in class, do your homework, and ask for help when needed, it is easy to make an A. She is always smiling and seems to enjoy teaching and helping her students. Strongly recommend her!
3.0 : If you take notes and pay attention you should get an A. She can be hard to understand at times, but she explains things very well. She doesn't go along with the book so that can be confusing if you don't show up to class. Only took 3 tests and a final so there is a lot of material, but is not hard. She posts pictures of homework so don't get book.
4.0 : Math is by far my worst subject, so I was happily surprised when I realized just how easy and simple Mrs. Xiahou makes the material.  Just stick to the concepts she teaches in class and ignore what's taught in the book, and you should make an easy A.
5.0 : Encouraging, helpful, and fair. Understandably more focused on upper level classes than FYE but always answered emails and was very helpful in a realistic way, not making the class stupidly hard but gave good advice for life and college. Would reccomend.
5.0 : I want to grow up to be like Cassibry
5.0 : Cassibry is love. Cassibry is life.
4.0 : If you can pick anyone to take 310 from, this is your guy. He tapes lectures, so you can reference them. He tells you what you need to know and if you take the time to understand that, you'll do very well. He is personable, funny, super nerdy, and a straight forward professor that has a knack for relating the material very well. Worth your time.
4.0 : Dr. Cassibry is a very nice and helpful, easy to approach guy. My only problem with him was he was extremely busy all of the time and it seemed like he put his thermo class on the back burner and got a little lazy with teaching us towards the end of the semester. Overall though, I really liked Cassibry.
4.0 : Cassibry is a funny guy and is really smart. Homework is pretty tough sometimes but his tests are a breeze if you understand the material even a little bit. My only complaint is that in his lectures he moves kinda fast and presents a lot of unnecessary theory so they can be boring. Overall an easy class and good professor. Definitely recommend
3.5 : Posts lectures online, which helps if you are working and taking his class. Tests and homework are tough but explained well.
4.0 : Dr Cassibry isn't a hard professor, and he grades lightly. Still, he makes sure you understand the basic concepts.  WORK THE STUDY GUIDE and you should make an A.
1.5 : Dr. Ragsdale's great if he likes you.  It is a very subjective grading system, though, so, if you ever cross or upset him, do not expect to do well in his class.  He's also the department chair, so be careful in all music department dealings if you expect his support and encouragement.
4.5 : Dr. Ragsdale is an awesome teacher. He is an excellent conductor and has a great personality and sense of humor. He will help you anytime you need it. Make sure you stay committed though- he expects you to give your best effort and always come having fully practiced your part.
5.0 : Dr. Ragsdale is a fantastic director. He has a great personality and superb musicianship. He does expect you to be prepared, though, and isn't afraid to tell you if your performance is unsatisfactory. Work hard and come prepared, and you'll never regret working with him. One of the most inspirational instructors I've ever had.
5.0 : You will learn a LOT from this guy if you pay attention and come to class with everything learned. He gives useful feedback on your technique and shows genuine interest in helping you improve it. Great sense of humor and very knowledgeable in his field. Midterm was a bit rough, everything else was fine.
3.0 : Great guy, knows what hes doing. Fantastic director, I enjoyed his ensemble class and his music choice was great. Very poor communication between individual students. Otherwise pretty good
2.5 : Easy class, just look over the powerpoints. Tests are open book and open note. However he can be a jerk. He would take forever to answer my emails (one time 3 weeks), but he would answer other people's immediately. He has favorites for sure. I personally was not fond of him or the class. Boring lectures and pushes his political beliefs
5.0 : If you show up or watch the videos, you'll do fine. Exams are open book and open note, so come prepared. His weekly assignments are a must, so don't skip them. He'll even check them for you.  I don't think anyone but him could make a tax class enjoyable.
3.5 : Does a good job teaching tax &amp; doing his best to keep it interesting.   The only thing that got me was not keeping track of my grade based on the syllabus rather than canvas.  I ended up getting a B because of that.  I think 5 extra credit points for 16 hrs of volunteering is pretty skimpy.   Two of my other classes gave more &amp; weren't tax classes.
5.0 : As long as you go to/watch the lectures on a regular basis and study the notes well, you should be perfectly fine! Doing both will make both the quizzes and tests much easier to do. Professor Hickman is a great professor and will be more than happy to help you, as long as you ask him!
5.0 : Professor Hickman is probably one of my favorite professors. He is more than willing to help you when you have questions. If you took 313, then 413 is basically the same. Go to glass, do the homework, mark your notes with book pages, and study if you want to do well. The tax returns are easy, and he will check them if you ask him to.
4.5 : If you are an International student then you probably need the textbook. Make sure you READ the book if you cant understand his stories and examples. Sometimes he goes fast (at least for me) though he would love to stop for questions. But you'd better to read the textbook before the class (or at least ppt) &amp; you will have an idea about what he says
4.0 : This was my 2nd class with Prof. Hickman.  Everything was online and open book except for the final exam.  I was pretty scared about this,  but he tells you what the essay questions will be so you can plan your answers.   If you fill out and study the study guide for the final the multiple choice isn't too bad.
5.0 : Hickman is an amazing professor. If you have the opportunity to take him, jump at the chance. He's super friendly. If you put even the slightest effort into the class, you will definitely pass. He'll let you know if the textbook is required for the course, so don't run and purchase it immediately. It is required for all of his accounting classes.
4.0 : You have to REALLY enjoy tax in order to enjoy Professor Hickman's classes. However, despite the (sometimes) boring subject, he presents the material in the best way possible. Tests are tough because there is a lot of material covered. They are open-note and open-book, though. Professor Hickman is very accommodating with exam times when necessary.
5.0 : I have never had a more caring professor in my 4 years of college. Jose is artistically brilliant, but helps each student improve in their own personal photography genre. He is so genuine in his desire to help everyone become more than just an amateur photographer. He has a HUGE heart as well. His classes were the highlight of college.. real talk.
4.0 : Good Professor
3.5 : Great teacher.  I learned a lot from his class
5.0 : I just Love her petit self. She dresses so nicely and above all, she's a sweetheart. She's willing to answer all your questions .
5.0 : Dr. Newborn's goal is to make this course as easy to understand as possible. He takes an intuitive approach to controls and gives an optional assignment nearly every class. DO THESE AND THE CLASS WILL BE EASY. Ask questions; he wants everyone to ask questions.
5.0 : Dr. Newborn is amazing. He cuts out the junk and feeds you the juiciest nuggets of info that Controls &amp; Robotics can offer. You might be tempted to skip class, but if you do you'll miss those blessed juicy nuggets. Don't do that. He tells you exactly what you need for the midterm/final and gives study material. One of the nicest professors I've had
5.0 : I absolutely love Dr. Jones! If she taught anything else I'd have to take, I would definitely take her again. She's so caring (brought us food in class EVERY DAY) and gives great feedback. Her class is pretty easy, tests are take home for honors, for regular sections (208) they're matching/mc, and the reading material's interesting.
3.0 : She is okay, but there are way better professors out there. Take Taylor instead. She has 4 tests, a presentation, and a final paper.
5.0 : Her way of teaching is great. Tries to involve all of the students but there is no participation grade for those who choose not to talk. Easy assignments that are not graded very toughly.
4.5 : I was very hesitant to enter an ethnic American lit classroom, but I left this class with a real love of and appreciation for ethnic voices in America. Discussions were always polite but to the point, and Dr. Jones has a clear passion for this specific field. She is incredibly thoughtful in her feedback, and she is very giving of her office hours.
5.0 : Super sweet and caring towards students. Get ready to read because that is required of this class. Love her.
5.0 : Dr. Jones did an outstanding job of putting together a syllabus that was interesting and challenging. I learned so much about Asian American Literature in her class, and that was because of the novels that she selected for us to read. Very intriguing subject matter.
3.0 : I liked the subject matter of this class, but really struggled with her papers. During lecture, she rambles a good bit. Overall, the class was OKAY. I don't think I will take her again, but its good to be challenged. I definitely don't think I have any academic talent after taking this course. 0 self confidence left.
3.5 : Very easy class. Professor is into making students think and make connections. A lot of the grade is participation and completion grade for journals. The tests are easy if you actually read the book (but I didn't always and still did well). Very outgoing and helpful personality. Loves what she teaches. Didn't learn much.
5.0 : She is excellent! Really a great teacher. She makes math make sense and will gladly take the time to help you if you ask. I hope to get her for my next math as well. Also very easy on the eyes.
5.0 : I was warned that Calculus B/II would be the most difficult math I will ever take. With Ms. Lenahan, it wasn't even the most difficult math class I had in the semester. She is very merciful when grading and seems to have a deep well of patience for her students. Expect quizzes. Her exams are more difficult than the study material. Would take again.
3.0 : I had Mrs. Lanahan for finite math. Her notes are usually pretty good and easy to follow but she gives quizzes every single day. Her tests are fairly easy and she's a pretty good teacher. I found her to be rude at times and occasionally reluctant to help. She refused to give a study guide after a few people complained but I found them helpful.
4.0 : Would definitely take again. My favorite teacher this semester.
5.0 : I had Calculus in high school, so taking this Business Calculus class was very similar to my high school course. It was well taught!
2.0 : I took this class in the fall of 2012, but I recently felt compelled to write a review. I took his Global Studies class as an elective in hope of learning and making a good grade. He is a tough grader! I went to his office in order to get feedback and he wouldn't go into detail with his grading system and was very vague. Avoid his class if you can.
4.0 : No textbooks but there are several books that are required for readings. There are a lot of assignments. His lectures are equally lecture/discussion. Participation does matter. Attendance is necessary because a lot of the discussion from the lecture will be on the exams. A couple of extra credit opportunities. Accessible outside class.
5.0 : Absolutely Adore Mrs. P
5.0 : Mrs. Primeau is very helpful and you never have to guess what's on a test because it's all in your power points or she has talked about it in lecture. Follow the instructions exactly to receive a good grade on both of the projects. She has been one of my favorite teachers thus far.
4.5 : Dr. Kovacs aka horse lover Smith is my favorite! He gives you reading assignments not to just ignore them. You must read! The class revolves around class discussion, so talk. Dr. Kovacs is a fun, challenging and awesome professor. You will ponder on class discussions constantly. With your peers outside of class and when your trying to fall asleep.
5.0 : You are AWESOME and we love U!  Your people out front need to let us in to see you!!!!
5.0 : You are AWESOME!!!
5.0 : This guy is amazing. His real life experience makes the class come to life and his dark humor keeps you on your toes (if you pay attention). Oh, and he has tattoos and is a martial artist-- really hot!!
4.5 : This class can be EXTREMELY boring but Nic makes it much more tolerable. He uses real life examples and I actually find myself interested in his real life experiences that he uses to teach. Definitely take him if you have the chance. Test aren't bad but cover a lot of chapters so study! &amp;No txt book!
5.0 : This guy obviously knows his stuff. He has worked in the field and brings interesting experience to the classroom. He is enthusiastic and throws a lot of one-liners in during his lectures. Not too hard if you go to class, but you should definitely go to class. Handsome, too :)
5.0 : Great teacher. Make the class more enjoyable and doesn't give you a bunch of useless information. No way you can fail this class. Guaranteed to make atleast a B if you go to class.
5.0 : He was an awesome teacher! He made the class fun and gave good advice as well as telling his work experience! If you show up to class and go over your notes, it's pretty easy!
4.5 : Enjoyed this class.  The assignments are a bit rushed because of the 5 week semester,  but not unmanageable.   Read the grading rubric online &amp; check that you completed each task.  I started with Anna Devlin for 1 class last Spring &amp; had to drop bc of work conflicts. Would pick Loyd between the 2.  She has a more serious teaching style &amp; he's fun!
5.0 : Loved this class. It's a good add on class to get an A without studying- open notes. It does take work, but if you stay on top of the work and turn it in early, you'll be set. Homework that you can resubmit, three online tests, and a semester long project. Lectures were great. Super entertaining.
5.0 : As other reviewers have said, Dr. Loyd is the best. He teaches you what is actually important in a workplace and uses hands on examples in every class to keep your attention during the long class block. I took this class as an elective and learned more than in any other class!
5.0 : UAH is lucky to have this guy. Nicholas actually teaches and does an amazing job of it. I've never enjoyed learning this much before. The only downside is that he doesn't teach enough classes at UAH. Maybe one day UAH will recognize what they have before they lose him.
5.0 : Awesome professor! Truly enjoyed his class and would highly recommend. I'm able to talk about the information I've learned with others and actually enjoy it. Thanks for being a good dude!
5.0 : Nic is a wonderful Professor. His number one goal is for students to learn, and be definitely succeeds at doing so. Hes fun, helpful, encouraging, smart, and inspiring. You really cant ask for a better professor.
5.0 : Very good instructor and, finally, a genuinely nice guy! He explained what was expected in terms of the assignments and gave us clear instructions.
5.0 : Dr. Loyd has been one of my favorite professors at the university. I wish he taught more classes, as I thoroughly enjoyed having him. He teaches the material in real case scenarios and makes learning fun. If UAH had more professors like him the engineering department would thrive. The only downside to the class was it was only offered on Friday.
5.0 : Hands down best teacher I have had at UAH. Didn't need a textbook for the class which is always a plus. Especially if some professors only look at the textbook 2 or 3 times the whole semester and make up their own problems, why use a textbook... This is a more hands on class which is absolutely refreshing from all the other classes.
5.0 : Dr. Loyd made this class enjoyable and just easy enough that you actually wanted to learn the information. He says that you don't HAVE to attend class, but I promise you will only benefit. He recognizes participation and sometimes brings his adorable dog to the early Friday class!
5.0 : I took a class with her last semester also.  It is really nice because she is super specific on how she wants things completed, and if you want to redo whatever assignment, she will allow you to do it to earn the points you missed. She lectures almost every day, but it's interesting. She isn't uptight and is super easy to communicate with.
5.0 : Enjoyed his classes. He clearly make us understand the concepts. His teaches the concepts mostly asked in the company interviews like google.  I clearly recommend everyone to take Algorithms classes under him. His grading will be touch. Be prepared. If you are thorough with the concepts, Its easy to get an A grade. Never try to blindly memorize !!!
4.5 : I took CS617, he is a good instructor, I learned a lot.
4.0 : Zhang is a quirky dude, but a good professor. He does say things weirdly sometimes but he's never too hard to understand. He will always ask "is this okay?" to make sure you understand. Grading is pretty standard. The hardest part was the semester project. Easiest final I have ever taken.
5.0 : Dr Lukins is one of the admirable lecturer. She makes the class lively and interesting.  Her grading criteria is flexible. Homework's and assignments  were mostly based  on practical applications.
5.0 : Best CS teacher ever!
5.0 : The best teacher in the CS department! Take her for every class possible!
5.0 : Dr. Lukins is one of my all time favorite teachers! She explains all material very thoroughly and provides many examples. She is always willing to answer questions in or out of class. On tests, she rarely counts off full credit if you miss the question, as long as you try. She is funny and entertaining. Take her for every class possible!!
5.0 : Excellent teacher! Programming languages  can never be more technical at the same time a fun class. Excellent lectures and assignments are challenging. Available for guidance ANY TIME.
4.0 : Dr. Lukins is great. She's easy going, always smiling, and always helpful. Her CS424 has a few quizzes that were for participation (you'll need a clicker). The study guides prepare you for the exams. The homework is easy. The textbook is a suggestion, almost all of the material is from the slides.
4.0 : Dr. Lukins' CS413 class is a breeze. This is a hardware specific class. There was almost no homework, the labs are easy, and the study guides prepare you for the exams. She invites questions, so take her up on that.
5.0 : She is the best professor in the CS department ...
5.0 : Dr. Lukins is literally the best. She explained everything so clearly and was never rude to people when they asked dumb questions.
5.0 : Best CS teacher at UAH. I wish I had her as a teacher for every class
5.0 : Dr. Lukins is amazing. Her lectures are fun and she explains everything well. Homework and Tests were not bad at all. She's super nice. She also turned on our projector with a Harry Potter wand. It was a really fun class and I'd strongly recommend her.
5.0 : Dr. Lukins is one of the best professors in the CS department. She really cares about her students and wants them to pass. The tests and homework are really easy. She's also a very lenient grader. Not many people leave her class with less than an A.
4.0 : Man, such a great guy. Where do I start? The class is composed of 2 exams; a midterm and a final. The exams are simple if you come to every class. He will tell you what will be on the exams. Just make sure you come to class and take good notes and you will get an A.
5.0 : Mark McDaniel is probably one of the best professors in the department. If there is any way possible, TAKE THIS CLASS!
4.5 : He literally tells you exactly what is going to be on the test. He mumbles a little bit, but if you sit close enough and take notes, you should be fine. He mostly tells stories and he always let us out in an hour even though the class was supposed to be 3 hours.
5.0 : CS100 with Professor Hardin is one of the easiest A's ever. As long as you come to class, he outlines everything for you very clearly and shows you exactly how to complete your assignments and homework. The exams are easy as long as you've done your class work and homework.
5.0 : Great guy, seems to know the ins and outs of C pretty well, and isn't hard at all. My only real complaint is that you can easily obtain an A without knowing the language particularly well. I would like it to be a bit more challenging. That said, Hardin really seems to care and is certainly worth a take if you want to start CS off with an A.
4.0 : Engineering major. Took him for my philosophy credit. Attendance is not mandatory and you can pass without hardly ever going to class. Really laid back, almost too much. If you take this course for your actual degree, maybe take someone else. Easy A.
1.0 : He was by far the worst professor I ever had.
4.0 : He's really clever and makes a lot of jokes during lectures. He just likes to make everything really fun. Also he is very specific about how he'll grade tests. No homework assignments, just in class participation grades.
4.5 : Jones is seriously one of the best, funniest, and hottest professors! Every class you will hear joke, learn something, and enjoy the view while you're at it! :)
5.0 : He is very good with giving feedback and is a generous grader. Each assignment is explained in class and he answers any questions you have. He also has amazing jokes that you can't help but laugh at.
5.0 : Dr Aygun is the gem of computer Science department. He teaches very good in class. His Exams and homework's are based on application skills. His grading policy is apt.   One of the best professor of UAH.
5.0 : Dr. Aygun is an excellent professor and very knowledgeable in his field.  He is always willing to help students learn and very good at explaining the material.  Be prepared for a lot of programming assignments as there were 3 single projects and 2 group projects.  If you put in the effort though you can easily do well in his class and learn a lot.
5.0 : I hate math with a passion. He definitely made it as painless as possible. He really knows his stuff! A definite teacher to take. He would always stay after and answer any questions I had. Not the typical scary mean math teacher. Take him if you have the choice!
4.5 : He went out of his way to help students. It was not an easy class for me, I did not really meet the requirements to be in the class, but he helped me in the class and out and I passed. I have a different teacher for 113 this semester but he still offers to help me ( and I have taken him up on his offer).  He makes math make sense.
4.5 : he is willing to talk out any problems with your grade, especially if the entire class had a problem. he is good at reacting to students. expect a lot of homework and possible extra credit but only of you ask. in my class there was a test that nobody completed, so he dropped a couple of the questions. The book is required for almost all homework.
1.0 : Made Math 10 times harder then it had to be, and if you don't get on his good side right away forget about receiving any help or a good grade. Thinks he is funny,but comes across as arrogant. Would definitely try and take the course with another teacher or at calhoun!
4.0 : I hope you enjoy long power points. Otherwise, not too tough, only two tests-which I personally don't like. And of course the ACS final, which I feel she does a good job preparing you for.
5.0 : She gives you many different opportunities to pass her class towards the end of the semester. Homework only due once a week and Only three tests the semester. She also puts notes online so that you don't have to take any.
4.5 : Dr. Twigg is clearly passionate about chemistry. She is a wonderful, nice professor for CH121. Before the lecture begins, she'll have some music playing in the background, and personally, it was not an issue at all. If you take notes, do the homework, and study, you shouldn't have issues.
2.5 : She seems genuinely nice on the outside, but I emailed her about a serious question from a week ago and she has yet to respond to me. I know she may have research, but if you're going to email students all the time, then return the favor and respond to some of them. She is not a helpful teacher in my experience.
3.5 : She reads straight from the Powerpoint and posts the notes online. The practice tests prepared me very well for the actual tests. The final was hard, but it was curved quite a bit. I easily made an A in the class, but about two-thirds of the material was review from high school. STUDY THE PRACTICE TESTS.
2.5 : I took her for a summer class. It was very hard for me to follow her during lecture, however she gives practice tests before the exams. They are VERY similar to the tests making the class much easier. She is laid back, and if you went to her office hours for help I'm sure she'd try in every way to get you to understand the topic. She is very nice.
4.0 : Posts all notes online. Assigns (10-20) online homework problems each week. There are 10 attempts per problem (usually) and unlimited attempts on the whole assignment. All the homework combined is equal to 1 test grade. Posts study guides online that are similar to the tests. The final is standardized (not her choice) but she curves it.
4.0 : Do all the homework, they count as a test grade and can be done infinitely until you get a 100.  Only 3 tests (25% each), final is scaled, homework counts as test grade(25%). Study practice tests, super helpful. Extra credit for answering questions and attendance on low attendance days. As long as you understand concepts you should be fine.
4.0 : I went straight to gen chem 2 using ap credit, and i had no problem skipping ch-121
5.0 : She is an amazing lecturer. She teaches chem very well.
5.0 : Dr. Twigg is wonderful! She really knows how to explain difficult concepts in a way that students can understand. She is beyond reasonable about grading, works hard to help her students to succeed, and is readily available to answer questions by email or outside class. She cares a lot and it shows. Highly recommend. 10/10 would take again.
5.0 : Homework  easy A. study guides are like the test and she lets you do a retake exam online if you did bad on her in class exam. I never went to class and only looked at study guides. 100% take this teacher if you can
5.0 : Great teacher, easy A, but only if you study.
5.0 : Very good teacher. Even in a large lecture she is very personable. Tests are not too hard, but there are only two and a final so don't screw one up.  Homework can be done as many times as you want, so you should get a 100. Would recommend this class.
1.5 : Her personality is bombastic and loud; best for a lecture hall (vs small classroom) She's entertaining, but if you're there to learn, you'd better be able to speed listen and write. ADVICE: Read the chapter in advance. Hopefully she's clarified what to read and when. Don't count on it.
5.0 : Scroggin is the whole package: hilarious, clear in her lectures &amp;class expectations, and truly wants to help you succeed. Attendance is mandatory, and any unexcused absence over three will drop your final grade by one full letter. If you never go to class, skip this one, but if you go, you'll breeze through this class so long as you pay attention.
4.0 : She is very pushy and loud, but fun. She lectures online and then you have a quiz in class almost every day or every other day. Group project is time consuming, but entertaining. You learn a lot of good information in this class.
5.0 : Ms. Scroggin has been my absolute favorite teacher at UAH. Her passion and enthusiasm helps you WANT to go to class. She wants her students to succeed and is willing to help. Tests weren't difficult (as long as you pay attention in class and study), and she has many bonuses. Projects and participation are a big part of the grade,  but worth it!
2.0 : You watch lecture videos and have to take quizzes on them in class (easy A). She is not very clear on some assignments on the syllabus and you can never tell how she will grade. Be ready to give at least 3 big speeches. Go to class and do ALL the work and do not get behind and you should get an A or B. Overall she is a great professor!
3.0 : Mrs. Scroggin will definitely make you a better public speaker and also just a better communicator in general. Her class is not an easy A though, so expect to have to work for your grade. She is loud and very energetic.
5.0 : K. Scroggin is a lot to handle at first. She's very loud, and I mean VERY loud. It shook me the first few classes, but after you get over that, she's pretty chill. The class was enjoyable, and she provided excellent feedback on the speeches.
5.0 : Ms. Scroggin is arguably the best professor in the Communication department, if not the entire university. If you get the chance to take her, don't hesitate. Make sure you go to class and listen to her lectures online.
1.0 : Bad teacher. Her reviews of speeches weren't just harsh, but mean at times. Her class is a joke. She is bad about making assumptions about people. She cancelled class twice w/ short notice (1 hr. before class). You will get a good grade if you do all of the speeches &amp; assignments &amp; go to class. You will not learn much or become a better speaker.
5.0 : If you have an opportunity to take Scroggin for a communications course, please take it! After taking this course as a requirement for a business major, I decided to declare a minor in communications. Pay attention to each rubric, and apply what she says in the comments and you will not only get a good grade, but you will gain invaluable skills! A+
5.0 : The best professor in the CM department honestly. Pay attention and give minimal effort and youre solid. Shes super funny and great at teaching, makes the material very interesting and understandable. 10/10 thats all.
5.0 : Ms. Scroggin is the perfect professor for this course. My biggest weakness is public speaking, I absolutely hate speaking in front of people and that's why I worked so hard in this class. Definitely not an easy A if you aren't a speaker like me, you will learn a lot in this class. I found out t I'm not too bad at public speaking taking this class.
5.0 : The most influential teacher at UAH! She will take as much time as necessary to help to be successful. Super down to earth. I am a communication minor and I shape my whole semester schedule to fit into her classes. BEST COMM PROFESSOR AT UAH! super easy class if you practice how she tells you too.
4.0 : I love Seor Keller! He's hilarious and really cares about the students learning the language. He's big on class participation, but the class is a breeze, especially if you've taken Spanish in high school like I have. Definitely recommend!
1.0 : Professor Keller would read directly from the book daily and then leave us to practice with a partner EVERY SINGLE DAY. When you have people attempting broken Spanish to each other you don't learn anything! He will call on you randomly each class so pay attention. Very helpful with dropping low grades to get you out but you might not learn much.
5.0 : Great professor. Takes learning a language to whole new level. Nice, well-spoken and fun.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. Once I missed an assignment, a few weeks later after the due date I asked if I could make it up. He said yes and I got 3/4th credit. Makes class fun and very interesting. Definitely take him!!!
1.0 : His final test was crazy hard.
5.0 : Dr. Barske is by far my favorite professor at UNA. She was very, very helpful and wants you to do your best. She is very clear and organized. Just do the outside of class work and go to class.
5.0 : This professor made history interesting. The lectures were pretty long, but the work and tests were not too difficult as long as you followed her guides. I would take her again if I could.
5.0 : Dr. Showalter is dedicated and passionate in teaching obstetrics. This is a field of nursing I have little interest in, but I thoroughly enjoyed the class. The course is tough and requires dedication but Dr. Showalter went above and beyond to facilitate learning for my class. I strongly recommend this teacher for everyone.
5.0 : Dr. Showalter is by far the best teacher at UAH. Having attended college in the past, I had excellent teachers there who were dedicated and personable. I never thought anyone would top them. Dr. Showalter did just that. She is an excellent teacher, goes above and beyond to make sure you learn the material in whatever manner you learn best.
3.5 : Amazing and professional
5.0 : Dr. Al-Hamdan is a very clear, calm, patient professor. He genuinely cares about each of his students and he will give you the benefit of the doubt when it comes to grading. His tests can be very hard, but he scales and gives a lot of partial credit if you show your work.
4.0 : Very kind and caring. He also has a sense of humor. Would love to take him for EE383, EE384, and EE385. He made EE382 very painless, LOL.
4.0 : Dr. Guo knows what he is talking about when it comes to Semiconductors and Electromagnetism. I learned more about semiconductors in this class than I ever did taking (Solid State Fundamentals) EE310 with Dr. Boykin. Dr. Guo is easy going. If you talk to him and come to class, you will have no problems in his class.
5.0 : He is tough, but if you work you will get a good grade. As the semester goes on he gets easier, as he knows that you are willing to work. Make sure you go to class!
5.0 : The hardest thing about this class was the time management of the projects. He was very knowledgeable of CAD and graded fair. He was in random bad moods telling the class that it reflects his grading when he gets in bad moods. He also has a Brazilian accent but he is easy to understand.
5.0 : Marcelo Martins is a very good professor. He has a full-time job working for Siemens and teaches on the side because he likes to spread his knowledge and help students. I would not recommend anyone else but Martins for MAE211 at UAH.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Really understands what he is doing and conveys it well to the class. Is not the easiest professor but you learn a lot doing the course work and projects. If you put some time into the class you'll enjoy it and get an A.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! Take his class if possible. He is 100x better than any of the other professors that teach MAE111. Do all your work and do not wait for the last minute; if you do that, you'll get an A
5.0 : He is a great instructor with a lot of experience in the field and really knows his Solid Edge. However, this class will take up so much more of your time than the 2 hours it says on your schedule. You have 2 major projects that you will need around 2 weeks each to finish. Mr. Martins is really good with questions, just START EARLY!
4.5 : The syllabus for this class looked overwhelming at first but if you just read the material it is an easy class! 2 exams and a paper and she is very clear about what will be on them! Lectures make the material easy to understand and she is funny! Class is a lot of discussion. Journals and quizzes are easy A's and you no surprises.
4.5 : Dr. Friedman is easily the best English instructor I've had. She is very knowledgeable and will help you anytime you need. She has a kind personality. Put your best foot forward, COME TO CLASS, get the work done, and you'll never regret taking from her. Slack off,  and she won't hesitate to voice her displeasure. I would definitely take her again.
4.0 : The class is mostly reading and writing short essays about the reading (basically just summaries and your response). Some of the reading is long and boring, but a lot of it is really interesting. Class itself is fun, get involved in the discussion. We had to buy several small books, much cheaper than a huge textbook.
5.0 : Easy class. Only problem is her attitude. Class got a speech for about half an hour on how she is the gatekeeper to our college diplomas. She referenced herself as "the bar we must jump over" too many times. If you can brush past her spurts of unprofessionalism, you'll do just fine.
4.5 : Easy class and fun teacher. She tended to rant for the entire lecture on the reading and never asked for our input then got pissed when we didn't respond. Ten two-page journals and ten in-class quizzes that are easy to ace.
5.0 : She is an amazing professor, she loves her job and knows how to make her class interesting even to students with no interest, take her class you will enjoy it.
5.0 : As long as you are up to date with your readings and keep up with the assignments, you will do well. Participation/discussion is mandatory!! Overall one of the best professors I've ever had!!
5.0 : Dr. Friedman is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about literature, and is a great teacher. She is very helpful and approachable, but expects genuine effort on your part. The journals and quizzes are easy to do and study for.  Study hard for the tests though- they are very heavy and require a fair amount of memorization.
5.0 : She's an amazing teacher! But she is a tough grader. Make sure you go to her office hours or email her for help in writing papers. If she knows you are trying, will likely cut you some slack. Also, go to class!!! It annoys her when people don't show up without a good excuse. Make her like you!!
4.0 : Very good professor. She gets you to learn and think by posing questions and by getting everyone to participate. She makes good comments in class. Fairly hard grader. I received a B+ because I didn't put in the effort I should have. Work hard, READ THE READING ASSIGNMENTS, study, and you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Friedman makes learning to write fun, and she gives you many chances to improve your writing. You have weekly journals/quizzes where you are allowed to write about what YOU want to from within the text. The emphasis in her class is definitely learning about yourself and your identity, so you will be reading mostly autobiographies. Amazing class
5.0 : Dr. Friedman is really rad. She is fair and even tried to listen to the perspectives of the irrationally wrong people.
4.0 : I am not a Literature person, so I did not necessarily like the class but love Dr. Friedman. Tough grader, but I feel like I actually learned in the class.
1.0 : She will not round your 89.4 up to an A. If youre a minority, she will call you out, even though she say stuff like you dont know what its like to live under a different label. She will turn your English class into a Gender Studies class. Topic of the class is identity but we ended up studying about race and genders. Do not take.
3.0 : I hated her class! She has a very unclear  form of grading. I missed a class and she did let me make up the quiz but then she proceeds to grade it in front of me and only reads the first couple of sentences of my 3 paragraph essay and slops down a 95 which is great but she couldn't even bother to read it all and she gave me a 95 on every quiz as if
2.5 : She is very inconsistent in her grading. It is hard to understand her during class. She often gets off subject easily. She is very helpful when it comes to the rhetorical analysis that you do, but is not helpful for the other two papers. She seems to be a very nice person but I would not recommend her class.
5.0 : I absolutely loved her. The class may be taught in Spanish, but don't let that scare you! She does hand gestures, speaks slowly and clearly, and you WILL have fun. Creative assignments. As long as you follow along and pay attention, you should make an A.
3.0 : She's alright.
4.5 : She is a really good teacher. Very helpful. Just come to class and pay attention and you will pass. Alot of material, but follow along in class and you will be fine.
4.5 : I had two years of Spanish in high school but was definitely rusty. That being said, this class was still easy. It is very basic Spanish, and Ms. Freeman does a good job of teaching. She makes sure you know what to study for the tests. The homework is due periodically on test days. I enjoyed this class.
5.0 : He's got very good lecturing ability, but is also very good at making the class personal.
4.5 : Super fun class.  This was the only class that I genuinely looked forward to every week.  As long as you take notes in the class, you will pass the exams easily.  Speeches aren't bad as long as you take the time to prepare for them and practice.  She is a very nice teacher and makes the class enjoyable and understandable.
4.0 : She is a really great speech teacher and I would highly recommend to anyone! You just have to show up for class and listen. She isn't rude or cruel.
4.5 : You can't miss more than 2 classes.
5.0 : She is probably one of the best teachers that I have ever had. She is so sweet and a wonderful person. She will genuinely help anyone and everyone that needs help. Speeches are pretty easy as long as you get the proper format in the proper time. You can only miss two classes. I would have had an easy A+ if I didn't go over time every single time.
5.0 : I had Dr. Price for my freshman orientation class and she was very willing to help all her students with any questions or concerns they might have about Honors College. The group projects weren't the most fun, but they gave me the opportunity to meet and work with other students.
5.0 : Dr. Price is a very good teacher who is always in a bright mood and is willing to help. If she is an option for any Psychology course, definitely take her!
5.0 : Dr. Price is an amazing teacher and will help you with anything. I barely got an A in her class and I had to work my butt off for it. If I would have taken advantage of more study sessions it would have been easier. No homework other than a few quizzes and tests.
5.0 : I really enjoyed taking PY520 with Dr. Price.  She knows the material very well and makes the class conversational.  Read your book before class in order to participate fully in discussion.  The study guides were so helpful.  They came from the slides and class discussion, so don't miss class.  She makes good use of class time. I'd take her again.
5.0 : I took 101 in a 5 week term so each class was 2 hours long. Jodi was very easy to follow and fun which made the long classes go by faster!
5.0 : Dr. Price was probably my favorite professor I've ever had. She presented the material in an easy-to-follow and engaging manner. I met with her outside of class and she was so nice and willing to help. She is extremely knowledgeable. The paper is difficult, so get a head start. Study her PowerPoint slides for the exams and you will make an A.
5.0 : Dr. Price has the best lectures. I was legitimately interested in every one of them. She is a great teacher and has a way of presenting material in a very easy to understand, down to earth manner that is so great to listen to. It's like one long deep talk with a friend, with lots of stories and examples to supplement the material. Good Professor!
2.0 : gave 4 tests with no final. tests were barely in coordination with the study guides. you really have to study on your own and pay attention to what she writes in class. also assigned a paper that can be written in a week but she's a very picky grader
2.0 : She is very involved in her course, but she has very annoying habits. At the beginning of the semester she said she knew that her powerpoints didn't function properly but she didn't make any attempt to fix them. This made studying for exams very difficult since I couldn't read the MAIN POINTS in the powerpoints. No hope if you miss a class.
5.0 : Dr. Price is great and wants to see you succeed. Tests and quizzes are straight from the lectures. One paper, but she gives you plenty of time and feedback on it if you need it. Unannounced attendance checks, so come to class. Study and ask for help if you need it and you will be fine
5.0 : Dr. Price is definitely one of the best professors I've ever had. It's clear that she cares about her students, especially if you go to office hours. She posts audio of her lectures and you can generally fill in most of her slides from that if you don't go to class. The paper isn't overly difficult. She's clear in what she wants on it.
5.0 : Super interesting lectures and available for any questions. Posts partial slides and class audio online but be in class for complete slides. Really great professor who made the class super enjoyable. Don't get behind in notes because there is quite a bit of info but the final is not cumulative.
5.0 : We worked in groups the whole semester, and Dr. Price was very helpful through our assignments. I turned in an assignment late on accident and she was very understanding, and didn't even taken any points off.
5.0 : Frost is the best teacher I've had at UAH. She notices the small stuff. Go to office hours if you want to be guaranteed a better grade. Follow assignment rubrics!! Only complaint is that the grades aren't updated on Canvas, she uses Google Drive. She made Literature a fun class! Would recommend her for any course.
5.0 : One of the best professors and human beings at UAH.
5.0 : Frost for English 105 is fantastic. She will make you work in a group of about 4, you have to do work each week reading articles and most weeks you will have something due. Never had a problem figuring out what I was supposed to do, easy to email or set up an appointment with her. By the time you get to the final project you've written most of it.
4.0 : I had Frost for both HON101 and EH105 and, while her teaching style is not my favorite, it grew on me. VERY research-oriented in both classes: how to research, write research papers in a very specific way, etc. However, she doesn't care as much about grammar, as long as you format it and organize it the right way. A very kind and funny person.
4.0 : Frost made this tedious class a lot better. She was very helpful to her students even though she didn't know what she was doing half the time either. She hated the mind tap curriculum just as much as we did. Tried to do group projects and other activities to supplement. Seems like she would be a great teacher with curriculum she chooses. Recommend!
4.0 : I loved being in her Honor English class. I do not really like English, but I still enjoyed it. If you want a BA, do not procrastinate on any of your assignments, put effort into your research paper, and show up to class.
5.0 : Frosty was a hilarious and helpful professor! She made the class easy for honors students and understands our struggle. I would highly recommend for any UAH student to try and take her class!
3.5 : Good professor overall. Come to class everyday and make sure all essays you turn in are your best because he grades harshly in all areas.
1.0 : Can be funny and entertaining, however, more often than not is sarcastic and a bit unprofessional. Very poor communication regarding details for assignments. Criticismcomments are very blunt, to the point of being tactless and rude at times. Work hard, don't complain, keep your opinions to yourself and you should do fine.
4.0 : I enjoyed Dr. Kvach's class a lot. Great guy with great sense of humor. My only gripe is that he is sometimes unclear about assignment requirements. Often they are passed on verbally only. Also assigns a lot of books. If you are diligent about fulfilling the assignments (and can write fairly well) you'll do fine.
4.0 : Dr. Kvach was one of the best professors I have ever had!  He was always very funny and treated us like adults.  He cared about our opinions and was never opposed to jokes inside the classroom.  It seemed like the class was more like a group of friends studying and less like a stuffy classroom lecture.  Tests were fair and tools were there to pass
5.0 : Great professor. Only problem is that he is unorganized and unclear about assignments. The good news is that he is open to student questions and concerns in and out of the office. He's hilarious too (not afraid to poke fun at students, faculty, trends in society, etc), and is more concerned with students learning than with tests or homework.
4.5 : Probably my favorite professor so far, and I'm an engineer. Come to class (he takes attendance), pay attention, participate, and build rapport. He will put as much effort into you as you put into his class. He can tell when you've done the work and will reward accordingly. This is not an easy class, but it is rewarding and worth it.
4.5 : He is the best biology prof. lectures are aimed at conceptual understanding rather than memorization.  the book is used a lot so have that. Participation is essential as he will give extra credit for answering questions in lecture. exams are mostly essays. if you get past the accent, he explains very well! very nice guy and understanding! :D
4.0 : Very good biochemistry teacher.  May have an accent, but you can ask him after class or during class and he will clarify anything.  Participation helps greatly because he gives extra points for answering questions.  Lectures from figures in the book, gives HW from his lectures.  Great professor to know as a biology major (recommendation letters).
4.5 : Dr. Cruz-Vera is a very nice guy and extremely helpful. He really wants you to understand the material well, and his goal is for you to learn. If you do that, he will help you get the grade you want. You must earn it, BUT, if you put the work in, there is hardly any excuse for not doing extremely well. I'd take him again in a heartbeat.
5.0 : Ms. Schlosser was an excellent teacher, the class was to help you learn about bad and good study habits etc. and I wish I had taken the class earlier. There aren't a lot of homework assignments or tests and they are very easy! It is very hard to not get an A in this class as long as you do your work and participate.
4.5 : Do your part and Dr. O'Brien will do his. His lectures are engaging and entertaining. He is opinionated (but respectful mostly) and he covers a lot of material in a short space of time. His expectations are crystal clear (awesome). The caveat is this. Be polite, prepared and punctual. Don't text in class, show up late, or obviously screw around.
2.0 : He cares about students and his teaching
5.0 : Amazing teacher that really knows his stuff! He always takes the extra time to help you if you are struggling, all you have to do is ask.
5.0 : Geography is the New Black. Dr. O'Brien has empowered me with so much knowledge about geography and culture that I feel like I could single-handedly defeat a small village in the Amazon with only a hoe and a large glass of water. I will definitely take GY 110 if it is available in the spring.
4.5 : Dr. O'Brien (Remember that spelling) was above all a very fair teacher. Go to his lectures, pay attention, fill in the notes he gives you, and review them before the tests and you will do fine. Memorize the maps and you'll get at least a B if you aren't a complete dummy.
3.0 : He was a funny professor. Took him for both of his classes. I studied really hard. I put in way more than six hours a week studying for his class. I made tons study cards.I have never studied that hard for a class and still made a b. I have A's in all of my other classes. I am on my third year and have straight A,s except for his classes.
5.0 : Dr. O'Brien (remember that spelling) is a fantastic teacher. He never gets uninterested in pursuing his own learning thus making his classes very entertaining.  He is always willing to help. The test are straight forward but cover a lot of material at a time making it easy to straddle the B to A line. Recommend him though
5.0 : After taking his FYE class, I seriously thought about changing my major JUST so I could take more of his classes. He really cares about his students and is very willing to help. This class was the highlight of my week. He's very funny and unfiltered (in a good way). TAKE HIS CLASSES.
4.5 : One of the best professors I have ever had! Very interesting in his lectures, always keeps my attention. Tough grader, definitely makes you work for your grade. But as long as you study and put forth the effort he is very helpful! I would recommend all of his classes to students. Especially in the Education classes.
1.5 : This class should be called the History of Remote Sensing. We only opened ENVI during one class and Dr. Sever did not seem to know how to actually use it.
4.0 : The class is a little boring which was expected. Attendance is not required though he does take attendance most of the time. He gives study guides for the finals that you will need the textbook for. The tests are a little hard but you should be able to make at least a C on them. The lab was okay; borderline pointless.
2.0 : I had Swain for ISE 547. I had an A through the entire class up until the final, which was way too hard. The group project was insane. No one knew what was going on or how to really use SIMIO. You can learn more from other textbooks than the one required. But as long as you put in work, you got the credit. But he's really funny so he has that.
5.0 : Dr. Swain is a super helpful and inspirational teacher. He does move a bit fast, but works out several problems clearly so you know all of the concepts for sure. The tests are somewhat hard, but you are allowed a full page of notes. He also likes to joke in class, keeping us all awake. Study and don't skip class and you'll easily get an A.
5.0 : Dr. Swain was my favorite teacher this semester. This class is not difficult if you study a little bit and make a good test "cheat sheet" for each one. He posts the lectures online. Class isn't "mandatory" but he does randomly give quizzes so you should probably go. He also gives decent partial credit on tests and the homework is graded leniently.
4.0 : Prof. Swain is very helpful when you need to clear any doubts. He only has 2 exams and they are based on his powerpoint slides. If you read through them carefully and understand his slides, you should be able to do well in his class.
5.0 : Awesome teacher. So wonderfully awkward. She uses a lot of great examples and her tests come straight from the Powerpoints. There are always opportunities for bonus points. You will have to take part in psychology experiments, which will take about 10 hours outside of class. Still, awesome class. Dr. O'Brien definitely wants her students to learn.
5.0 : Print Slides, Come to class and pay attention and you are going to get a good grade.  Great teacher, and very helpful!
4.5 : She is super awesome. very helpful. print the notes (it's so much easier to listen to her and fill in the blank on the notes- she talks fast.) she has study guides (already filled out) so if you miss class don't worry, all the info is already there. go to class! although i didn't make an a, I definitely  could have!
4.0 : I think the class was really easy. Lectures can be a little boring. She provides slides online that you can print out. She always offers extra credit and puts a study guide online. Class attendance is not mandatory. Less than half my class showed up regularly. I never opened the text book. Know the study guide really well and you'll get an A.
5.0 : I loved having Dr. O'Brien as my teacher. She uses slides/fill in the blanks to teach, so if that's not your thing, you won't like this. I didnt pick up the book once, so the lecture notes should suffice for test review. Shes pretty chill and asks lots of questions during lecture. She does breathe really loud, which is sometimes a distraction.
5.0 : Mr. Reynolds made lecture fun, easy to understand and incorporated real world examples to amplify learning. Wonderful!
5.0 : Reynolds was amazing. I struggled through the majority of nursing school and ended up in one of his clinical groups- he helped me understand the importance of study habits and motivated me to work hard. Had it not been for him, I don't think I would be graduating on Sunday!!
5.0 : Dr. Reynolds was my first instructor I had in the RN-BSN program. He was an effective and caring educator. I hope the rest of my program is full of professors just like him!
4.5 : Mr. Reynolds is great at what he does! He is humorous, inspiring, and a great lecturer. He grades fair and makes boring classes wonderful. Highly recommend him!
5.0 : Professor Teoh is a seasoned educator, with 30 years of experience. She's very knowledgeable, and her approach to problem-solving is easy to understand and highly effective. She's generous with partial credit, and provides clear explanations with any point deduction. Expect frequent homework, quizzes, and tests, though all are brief and fair.
4.5 : Great professor, presents everything clearly and lectures and slides are online. There's a lot of information so I was always ready for class to be over, but he presents it in the best way possible so it was bearable. You need the textbook for homework. Take advantage of the extra study sessions!
4.5 : He is very great professor. Made sure you understand material. Very helpful. He always gave opportunity for extra credit on test and at the end of the semester.  I made a B!!! I had taken Gamble earlier on and dropped it. I just didn't get it. He takes his time and explains it.  I grew to love accounting!!
5.0 : He is GREAT!!! You have to come to class and study hard. Accounting is not easy but he helps a lot. He gives a tone of extra credit on all of the test and then a BIG but easy extra credit assignment at the very end. If you go to class, do the homework and study you will make a B or A in his class... TAKE HIM!!!!
5.0 : GREAT teacher. Very helpful and easy going. Accounting is kind of hard, and you must do the homework and study to pass. However, Hoskins will do whatever he can to help you pass. He gives TONS of extra credit on tests and optional bonus assignments. Only regret is that he doesn't teach ACC212.
4.0 : He teaches right from the book. His style is very predictable. I took him for 211 and 212 and he always offers extra credit and is very willing to talk to you outside of class. He is very personable. I am learning and enjoying this class very much
5.0 : he is so cute. I hate ACC, but he is the best professor I ever had. he gave us about 80 bonus. I got B- because I'm not good at ACC. go class, do homework. It's really helpful.
4.5 : Love him! Take if you have the option. Gives ton of extra credit on tests and is very nice and helpful. We had to switch teachers at the beginning of the semester and I am so glad we got him as a replacement!
4.0 : I was dreading taking this class but Professor Hoskins made it fun. Very respectable man who went out of his way to make sure that everyone was taken care of and ready for exams. I learned a LOT about how money moves through businesses. I would definitely take him again.
4.0 : If you read the chapters, you will do fine. If you don't, like I did, it will be hard. He did at the end of the semester allow us to take a comprehensive exam, which took the place of our test grade which moved my grade up to an A. He made it seem like he never does that but I think he did it to all his classes. Take him.
5.0 : Great teacher.  Taught right out of the book.  I studied the book and his in class examples and was able to do well.
1.5 : Don't take Hoskins. He says that the class is designed not to make you an accountant but a manager. An out right lie. His test questions are majority math word problems and vaguely worded. You must have taken ACC as an undergrad to get a B. Spoke to students and those who failed his tests were first timers. He is UAH's acc, not a teacher. Cheap.
5.0 : Tests require substantial studying, but Hoskins does his best to help students pass. He will tell you what to study for bonus questions before every test - DO NOT IGNORE THESE HINTS. I did mediocre on the multiple choice portion of his tests; however, his bonus questions were worth so much that I never made below a 100 on a test. Go to class.
4.5 : Nice lady and good teacher.
3.5 : Ms Young is a nice enough person, but as a teacher - there have been many students who had to request a teacher change because of the damage being caused.  If studying voice with her, be very aware of what's going on.
5.0 : We had 14 pop quizzes throughout the semester, she only keeps your top 10 though. If you study her powerpoints before class you will do fine. Remember to go to required performances.
5.0 : Just show up to class because it is not difficult material. Plus, she'll drop your lowest test grade if you have good attendance. All of her test material is pulled from the PowerPoints. Put forth a little effort, and you will make an A no problem.
4.0 : Good professor. However, make sure you REALLY like music (like ancient/opera stuff) if you decide to take MU100. The class isn't too difficult as long as you study the PowerPoint slides on a regular basis (beware pop quizzes), but as an engineering major I find the material very boring which makes it harder. MU100 is better for music/artsy majors.
5.0 : Mrs. Young is one of the nicest teachers that I have had. Even though the course is easy, you learn a lot and learn to enjoy the material. She's a fair grader and, while there are several pop quizzes, them and the tests are easy and you don't need to study that much. Just show up to class and go to the concerts and you're good.
3.0 : Lots of reading and listening
5.0 : Mrs. Young is a great teacher. She has a true passion for her job and is very enthusiastic when she teaches. There are plenty of pop quizzes, so always come to class prepared. Most of the time she gives extra credit. She is clear in her explanations and is willing to answer any questions. I highly recommend Mrs. Young.
5.0 : I left the first day of class expecting to fail this course. Luckily, Dr. Taylor gives the best feedback on essays so I was able to make it through the course with his help. It's an extremely tough class. You gotta learn to read Middle English, which was incredibly difficult for me. Without Dr. Taylor I would have failed this class.
5.0 : Taylor was a great professor that was easy to understand. His grading is clear and fair. He will leave you a million comments on your paper, but still give you an A. He is funny, witty, and intelligent.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Take Taylor...
4.5 : Tests consisted of some multiple choice, mostly short answer questions. There was one in-class essay (during a test). As long as you actually read the material you should be fine. There are some questions on the tests that ask you to be specific so he will know if you have actually read the material he assigned.
5.0 : I had him for the grad level ecocriticism Chaucer class, which I entered because I needed another 600 level class. He did an amazing job locating Chaucer texts within a field with current interest, which allowed me to approach the texts more passionately. His feedback was phenomenal on papers, and his teaching style now informs my own pedagogy.
5.0 : Dr. Taylor is one of the best professors I've ever had in any subject! He really wants to make sure his students understand the ideas and theories presented and really lets students lead the discussions. He is happy to answer any and all questions and gives the BEST feedback on papers. Tons of reading, but nothing is boring!
5.0 : One of the best professors I've had. Does a great job of going over the material in class. Really knows his stuff and is passionate about it. Lots of fun.
5.0 : Great professor.  Dr. Taylor is very clear and describes the material really well.  Attendance is not mandatory, but the class consists of a lot of discussion that's best not to miss out on. No textbook; only need approximately five short medieval stories he chooses.  Only four tests, no homework besides short readings for the epicspoemsetc.
5.0 : awesome teacher, very smart and interesting teacher who is very passionate about his students and the course material. Really cool guy who makes every class enjoyable, if you do the work, you can do as well in this class as you want to. Is very helpful when it comes to makeup work or any help you need outside of class.
4.5 : Did a good job in selecting works that we would be interested in. He explains everything clearly and tells you what he expects. As long as you read the text and show up to class you should be fine.
5.0 : Dr. Taylor's class was awesome. The basis of his lit 207 was monsters, making boring books somehow interesting with a different perspective. As long as you take notes you will pass. Only essay was for the final.
4.5 : Dr. Taylor's lectures are clear and engaging, his course materials are appropriately challenging, and although tests and essays may appear intimidating, he seems to be a gracious grader so long as there is clear effort. I honestly had very little interest in this this area of study, now I'm knowledgeable and enthusiastic. Thanks, Dr. Taylor!
5.0 : Amazing class. Everything tied together, which made the discussions very rich. I really recommend bringing your papers to him so that he can answer questions. Class moved pretty quickly from basic reading responses to 10 page research papers. He is very interesting and a phenomenal professor.
4.0 : Really smart, engage students. Also HOT.
5.0 : Best professor in the english department! If you can take a class with Taylor, do it! I was in the honors section, so class discussion was extremely important. He will answer any question you have an help you with your papers, but he will not come up with ideas for you. Be willing to put in time and mental effort.   Seriously, TAKE HIM!
5.0 : Super chill guy!! Very easy to get along with and really went out of his way to make sure we had everything we needed. Would definitely recommend!!
4.5 : One of those professors that took a subject that most people consider boring as dirt and made it actually interesting. He was really invested in making sure everyone understood what was going on. Very lecture driven but they felt more like open discussions and less following meaningless slides. Used the textbook for readings, handouts &amp; worksheets.
3.0 : Strict where it counts. Helpful instructor. Homework never taken up, but discussed in class. Important to study, do homework, and review old tests. Calls randomly, expect to answer, and answer correctly. When he says do something, do it now, and quick. Stickler on attendance and tardiness. Fun class. Easy teacher.
5.0 : Great teacher! This class isn't hard, but you have to put in a lot of work to get a good grade. Attendance is very important. Sometimes she gives in class assignments that cannot be made-up if you miss. She's very friendly and approachable, so it's easy to ask for help from her if you need it.
4.0 : Mrs. O' Neal was a good teacher. The group project was annoying, 10+ pages but easily done with 3 people. Some had 2 people per a group which im sure sucked. She is a tough grader but her grading made since. super laid back and can stroll in late and be ok. She also didn't mind if you told her in advance that you'd be late or whatever is going on.
5.0 : Easy A+, but very informative.  Col. Deaton knows his stuff!  Three tests, online, at home.  Test questions are multiple choice and straight from the PowerPoint slides.  You don't have to take the third test if you have an A on the first two. There's an article review for grad students, but it is an easy A+ as well.  No textbook.
5.0 : This is my second class with Col. Deaton.  It is three hour night class, and he doesn't keep us more than 2 hours.  I learned a lot in the class, but didn't have to study to make an A.  No textbook.  Three tests (two if you have an A on the first two) and an article review (half page, don't sweat it).  Would definitely take again!
5.0 : He is a GREAT teacher as he uses his experience in the Army to teach the class. Learned more from him than these instructors who have done nothing but teach all their professional career.
5.0 : No textbook needed. Teaches straight from experience spanning and entire career in the subject.  Prof Deaton is an expert in his field. You'll learn a lot of real world experiences in this class and how to apply it to your own career. Easy "A".
5.0 : When you can teach from experience this makes for a great teacher. The fact that he speaks from his day to day work and not from some textbook makes this class interesting. Yeah it was easy but I got the most out of this class than I have from any other due to gaining useful knowledge.
5.0 : Very knowledgeable about his subject matter. You can get by without attending regularly but you are missing out on a great opportunity to learn if you do. Tests were not difficult.
5.0 : Mr. Deaton  Great professor!! I would take him again if i could for all my classes. There were only 3 exams, first two and the last one being the final. If you got an A in the class from the first 2 you didn't have to take the last one.  That saved me time to study for my other finals and very laid back! A++
4.5 : Loved Dr. Mac! He tells you right off the bat that the class will be hard. Personally, I think he does it just to scare you. You have to read the book before exams, but chapter quizzes online really help to supplement your grade. He's funny, and makes the stuff interesting...also records lectures so if you miss, you'll survive. Take if you can!
5.0 : Pretty easy class and he makes some good jokes. Easy to get along with and gives plenty of feedback.
5.0 : This professor is a really nice guy. He Is really funny, interesting, and gives clear instructions. He helps whenever he can.
4.0 : Really cool dude, awesome teacher. I wish I saw his name for ENC1102 when I was signing up for the next semester.  He's a tough grader, but if you learn from your mistakes and actually read his notes you'll do fine. Gets to the point during lectures and I've generally learned things to improve myself each week. Best English teacher I've had.
5.0 : My this is my third time taking ENC1101-68866. It's been a wonderful experience to have a professor that cares about students writing than willfully smear essay with red ink. Thank you Professor Blackwelder for the guidance and understanding.
4.0 : I'm so glad I took Mr. Brol for my second attempt at Intro to Finance. I'm a HR major, so the quantitative classes are not my strong suit...but he is more than willing to help however he can. That being said, the material is boring and challenging (and he moves quickly), but HW is 20% (and just checked for completion). Take if you can!
4.5 : Mr. Brol is a great teacher.  I sometimes found myself lost in class, but he was always willing to take the time to help me outside of class. He's a really nice guy and you can tell he really enjoys teaching. Skipping class is a bad idea. He covers a lot of material each class and it's easy to get behind. I highly recommend this teacher.
3.0 : This class was somewhat challenging, but Brol does a good job trying to keep it simple so you can understand.  I could see how a professor could make this a really hard class and he doesn't try to make it impossible.  The practice tests he posts are extremely helpful for the real exams.
5.0 : Very competent, open minded, inspiring, and extremely knowledgeable professor. I would definitely recommend him.  The class is very engaging, with interesting topics.
4.5 : I had MacG for a few classes, and I absolutely love him! He is non-traditional, and shoots it straight. He can be tough, but it is because he wants you to push yourself and learn. If you attend class and pay attention you will learn more in his class than any other.
3.5 : MacG is fat, but he cares. If you come to class every day and put in effort it is possible to get an A. Lots of the exams are class only information. and not in the powerpoints. I would take him again.
4.5 : MacG is my all time favorite professor! Have a sense of humor and he will like you. His tests are difficult but if you go to class and listen to what he says, you'll be fine. His classes and labs are the most fun I've had at school and he even remembers your name if you bother to chat with him. Really, he's a great guy! Also took him for BYS300.
5.0 : MacGregor is pretty funny and he's really easy to get along with. It's true that a lot of the test questions are on the more difficult side, but if you have good attendance and work hard you can do well.
4.0 : MacGregor is absolutely hilarious.  His test and quizzes are based on the material discussed in lecture.  He also likes to add questions to gauge how well you are paying attention to his jokes.  He is very easy to talk to and if you read the chapters and study/go to lecture you will be successful in his class.
5.0 : Dr. MacGregor is a funny guy who hates plants. He knows a lot about the material and can answer random A&amp;P questions too. He puts his powerpoints on Canvas, but go to class so you don't miss pop quizzes. He will draw stuff on the board that's not in the ppts. Study for tests. Be careful with the citations on your assignments and you'll do well.
5.0 : Hands down the best professor I have ever had in my whole college experience. He's so thorough and helpful and his passion for teaching really shines through. He always has the students best interest. He makes going to class a treat.
5.0 : Dr. Burns is VERY smart and has a great sense of humor. He was super helpful when I came to his office  with questions.  Takes students on company tours to show  supply chains work in real companies.  In fall semesters, he gives extra credit for Halloween costume if you wear it to class.  Do the homework he assigns, helps you will pass his exams.
4.0 : This is not an easy class, but if you go to class, do the homework, and study for the tests, you will pass. There is a lot of homework, the tests are challenging, but you will learn a lot by the end of the semester. Don't be intimidated by his intense sarcasm. As long as you make an effort to succeed, he will help you every step of the way.
1.0 : Worst experience at UAH.  Finished the class with a mid range A "without the curve," but miraculously received a B+ on my transcript.  Magic.  Going into the last week of class, he also had 10-20 ungraded assignments for roughly 80 students.  Again, miraculously the final grade was posted without grades being posted for the final exam or projects.
5.0 : Great guy. Went through some personal family hardships this semester and he was willing to work with me. He's arrogant but I like that kind of professor. He makes you earn your grade but you'll learn SO much that you won't care. I took so much away from this class that I recommend everyone to take it, even as an elective. Top notch.
5.0 : Favorite class in the MBA program. Maybe not the most humble guy you'll ever meet, but he is very sharp and a gifted professor. :) He is great about trying to make the material applicable to the real world. Class is long but engaging. Participate in class. Tests aren't easy but he tells you what will be on there and allows formula sheets.
5.0 : Dr. Duan is an excellent professor. His courses are tough, but you can definitely get an A if you put in the time and effort. The homework is difficult, but the key is to combine your notes from class with the material in the textbook. You can't just memorize formulas - you need to understand concepts. In the end, you will really learn everything.
4.5 : Great professor. Works many example problems in class. He thanks each person for every bit of class participation. Very friendly and approachable. Will look for him again in future classes.
5.0 : Fahimi is a great guy. I hated statics and was dreading dynamics, but he made it easy. Works examples in class that relate directly to optional HW and quizzestests. Only a midterm and final which count for a lot each, but he gives a lot of partial credit. 4 quizzes also for 15%. He makes what should be a hard class easy. I would recommend him.
4.5 : Easy, and you learn. Follow his steps that he HANDS OUT TO YOU, you'll ace the class
5.0 : Fahimi's been my favorite professor after 3 years @ UAH. Cares more than other professors and encourages questions. Structures lectures well b/w teaching and doing examples. Exams aren't a breeze, but if you pay attention in class, do the homework,  and study you'll be fine. An A average isn't easy, but it's attainable.
5.0 : This was my first semester at UAH. Dr. Fahimi was my favorite teacher.  After reviewing each section, he will give out handouts and work examples in class.  Handouts are fairly easy and the homework is a little difficult,but the tests are in between. If you work the examples and do the homework, you will make an A. I will be taking him for dynamics
5.0 : Class was very interesting and fun. Very helpful in whatever you need. Not too tough on grading, although she does want the best you can give. She's a great Professor!
3.0 : An intro to speech teacher. Knows absolutely nothing about business communications. She is nice, but INSANELY hard grader. 15 sec over your speech time? 5% off of your presentation. It doesn't sound like much but if you go over by a minute that's already an 80 on a presentation worth 25% to 20% of average. Find another teacher. Pointless class
5.0 : Nicole McDavid is an excellent teacher. She gives little work, is clear on what she wants, and is very funny. She can get off topic sometimes, but it's all cool. If you need to take a certain communications course and she teaches it, I highly suggest you take it with her!
4.0 : She is amazing. You will love her and her class, even if you get nervous about speeches. One of the best classes I have taken.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! Never a dull moment in class. 3 speeches and 2 tests (not hard, but do use her study guides). If you try hard, there's no reason you shouldn't get an A.
4.0 : Ms. McDavid was a nice professor. Easy A if you somewhat try, and just do what she tells you to. Midterm and final aren't hard, assuming you at least somewhat look over what she tells you. Not very harsh on grading speeches/outlines, as long as you do a decent job. Make sure you practice your speeches and you should be good. Fun class/teacher!
5.0 : She is very clear on what she expects and tries to make the class fun. There are three speeches and as long as you do them this class is easy.
5.0 : First things first, she's hot. Ok, now that that is out the way, if you really work at it, you will be able to see a drastic increase in your speaking skills if you take this class seriously. Easy A. Just be confident and believe in yourself.
5.0 : Took the compressed 5 week class for 313. Two 5-7 minute speeches, a group presentation and a bunch of online modules and a final. Grades pretty leniently (I choked on my first speech and still got an A). Very caring and willing to take the time to help you understand. If I had to take another CM class, I'd try to take her!
2.5 : Tests are very confusing and difficult. Exam is comprehensive but professor does not give the correct answers after the tests, so there is no way to know what you missed. Workload for this class was way too heavy for a required 100-level elective. AVOID!
5.0 : I enjoyed having Ms. McDavid as my intro to speech teacher!  She takes the time to give feedback to every student, and as long as you try hard, you'll have an A.  She gives weekly mini-quizzes, which gives you plenty of room to cushion your grade.  Additionally, she includes concept examples from pop culture (Big Bang Theory, Clueless, and more!).
4.0 : I took CM113 and for the first half of the semester, I knew I would get a B. Shes a VERY tough grader on speeches, but her final exam and online homework are common sense. I ended up with an A. You must be willing to put forth effort and youll be fine.
5.0 : Ms. Davis and Ms. Lanz taught Pharmacology together, and they make a superb partnership. Ms. Davis genuinely cares and wants students to do well. She is clear and happy to explain anything that is confusing. I would love to have her in clinical, as well.
5.0 : Best professor by far. She knows the material really well but if she doesn't know something right away, she will ask another professor or research it and get back to you. She genuinely wants everyone to be successful. Pharm was my easiest class because of her. I cannot say enough good things about her.
5.0 : She's a real nice lady. She helped me get my co-op and one of the reasons I stayed in school. You should talk to her if you care about having a career you want. I'm glad I met her.
5.0 : Dr. Thomas was a passionate professor for  literature and truly cared about participation and class discussion. I did not feel that his class was too hard, but he is clear about what he expects and wants to make sure you did the reading.
5.0 : He's a great teacher.
4.5 : Dr. Thomas is a crystal clear instructor. His grading criteria is laid out. Students have time to make appointments to discuss assignments so that they can have full understanding of what is required of them. Be prepared to DO the reading. Also, be prepared to think on your own and formulate clear reasoning. Was my favorite class of the semester.
5.0 : Dr. Thomas is an amazing teacher. If you will write a rough draft and take it to him, he will tell you exactly what you need to do to make an A. He wants his students to succeed but you do have to show him that you actually deserve a good grade. And show up to class.
5.0 : While it only lets you choose three tags, I will start by saying: Dr. Thomas EXPECTS you to read. This is really a no-brainer for graduate students, but is something you should learn as an UG! He very much wants you to be better than you are, and that is irreplaceable in a sea of teachers who expect only regurgitation. Also, he's CONFIDENT!
3.5 : The class was not very interesting, but Chad was hilarious. Quizzes are issued often and attendance is mandatory, but the work is a breeze
4.0 : Obviously cared about his subject. If you participate in discussion and actually read what he assigns, you will be fine. However, he claims 2 hours of reading before each class, but it was more for me. Tests were pretty straight forward with essay questions. Daily quizzes but he drops lowest 6 or so.
5.0 : Everyone loves Chad and with good reason. I was impressed by how he made us all feel welcome.
4.0 : Really cares about students!
5.0 : Great sense of humor.
3.5 : She is kind of weird, but if you have any speech ability you will get an A. Just show up for class. She is really easy.
5.0 : OMG, Dr. Sheldon is so nice! I enjoyed her class and would take her again!
5.0 : Sheldon is a good teacher, but you have to read the book. oh, and her exams are take-home! I will take her again.
5.0 : Pavica was such a fun person. She was so bubbly and funny. She made sure that everyone was comfortable with each other which made giving speeches in front of the class so much easier. She is pretty lenient on grading the speeches. The final is tricky, but if you study it's definitely doable. I would definitely recommend her and take her again.
4.0 : This is a fun class but you HAVE TO STUDY FOR THE TESTS. If you're .1 away from a different letter grade, she won't bump you up. Every point counts! Don't slack if you're worried about your GPA.
3.0 : Here it is. You can make A's on all of her speeches. Only 1 test and that's the final. Most likely your not going to get a A in the class because you spent more time studying for your core classes. She undermines her tests and tells you "it'll be easy you'll have no problem" then BOOM you just got a B in a class you thought you had an A in
5.0 : Pavica was very knowledgeable.
4.0 : Dr. Ragland will go above and beyond to help you succeed. He packs in a lot of information so the class is a tough one. Exams are hard, but straightforward, and he's a hard grader on the research paper. He's probably one of the smartest professors at UAH he will speak to you like you're as educated as he is (he treats you with a lot of respect!!!).
4.5 : Overall I really enjoyed Dr. Ragland. He as a peculiar sense of humor. I enjoyed his lectures but part of that is because I'm a history major. His test aren't too hard as long as you study. If you need help ask and he will help you!!!!
4.0 : He is a really cool guy, and will help you with anything. Hitory at UAH is just super hard. He grades your papers really hard so you should really try. He is really flexible with due dates. Cool guy, hard class.
5.0 : Read, study and listen = passing his class. I was totally surprised when he said only one person aced the midterm and then found out it was me. Just do the readings and follow his instructions and you'll pass.
4.0 : Ragland can be hard to comprehend because he's brilliant &amp; he speaks like you are equally as brilliant. He will always gladly help &amp; explain things in a different way that is easier for you to grasp if you ask. Yes, he does a lot of reading but he makes up for it in other aspects. And he's gorgeous to boot.
4.0 : Great professor. Takes forever to get grades back to you... 1 map quiz, occasional reading quizzes, midterm, research paper, and final. He wants you to learn. Index cards used with data for midterm and final. He cares about his students and tries to make the class as beneficial as possible. Difficult to grasp all concepts but super helpful!
4.0 : He knows his stuff. This course is very information heavy but Mr. Ragland does a good job at making the class as stress free as possible.
5.0 : I wish I could choose more tags! Dr. Weber is unique, and not just at UAH! I wish he was teaching all of my classes. I am inspired to enter the technical communications field now, whereas before I was nervous. I only wish I had begun sooner. DEFINITELY DON'T MISS THIS PROFESSOR!!!!!
5.0 : He gives prompt and helpful feedback. His class is not difficult but it can get work-intensive towards the end. Pay attention, read your book, apply what you learned. EH301 is very valuable and is awesome with Dr. Weber. He's accessible by email, and even sends out notifications of when he won't be in his office. Try hard and you will pass easily.
5.0 : Works to help all of his students. Class-time is engaging, and the three hours flew by (as much as a three hour lecture can, that is). A++ guy, would definitely take again
5.0 : THE best teacher to take for Tech Writing. He is always more than happy to help you if you are confused about something. You can tell that he really cares about his students, and gives them a chance to express themselves while learning. He is an extremely fair grader. Would recommend him to anyone!
5.0 : Dr. Weber is seriously a UAH gem. He is genuinely interested in his area of study and his students. Definitely one of my favorite professors.
4.5 : Great teacher! He is easy to understand and makes the material and class lectures easy to understand.
3.5 : Hard class, but great teacher.
5.0 : Tonya is awesome! YOu should take all of her classes
2.5 : She was ok as a lecturer, but when it came to test it was clear she was all fluff; She comes off nice at first, but ends up being very full of herself. Still better than most, but not as great as she thinks she is.
4.5 : She is fun and great but also very thourough!
5.0 : Absolutely LOVED having Dr. O'Keefe as a clinical instructor. I wish I could have her again. TAKE HER!! You wont regret it!!
5.0 : A super knowledgeable and congenial instructor. Mr. Shelley really cares that his students are retaining knowledge and apply it in a group setting.
5.0 : Very good teacher. He is funny and makes classes interesting.  The group project is a ton of work and is the majority of your grade. Pick a good group.
5.0 : By far the best teacher in the department. He makes dull subjects interesting. Relates topics to real world experience. Genuinely funny. Make sure you get a good group for the project because it is a large part of your grade for both 660 and 670.
5.0 : Jeremy's Cybersecurity Management class is homework and project based with no tests. He's a very interesting lecturer and will keep your attention with real world scenarios. Group project is a 15/25 page group paper and presentation depending if you're a summer or fall/spring student. This is easy but time consuming.
1.0 : Dr. Jennings' feedback is very rare and vague.  The only assignments that got immediate grades were the quizzes.  The class submitted speeches and we had no critique from one speech before submitting the next.  U can expect her to be very hands off and not around much If online course.  I'd suggest taking a different professor if possible.
5.0 : Great teacher with funny and very informative lectures. Doesn't even use notes or the book. She comes in and teaches from her real world experience. Always willing to help students and is passionate about seeing students improve and succeed. Take her because she is an awesome instructor. Wish UAHuntsville had more professors like her.
5.0 : Mr. Morgan's class was one of my favorite classes at UAH so far. He wants his students to succeed and not be pressured. He also tries to bring in active managers from various companies and business sectors to give a real-world perspective of current topics and advice in the business world. This class is highly recommended!
4.0 : Made class very interesting and engaging and I always left having learned something new.
5.0 : Frequently has speakers to show real life experiences on each topic.
4.5 : There were online chapter quizzes as well as three exams.  Discussion board participation was required.  There was an introspective assessment (individual paper) and a group project.  Assignments took a fair amount of time, but were not difficult.  Mr. Morgan is very personable.  His lectures were very interesting and kept your attention.
2.5 : His tests are multiple choice and may have more than one correct answer, if you pick EX: A &amp; B and it was A,B, &amp; C you get the entire question wrong. His group projects are hard. Your fellow group mates that he picks, determine 50 % of your grade. He makes the class sound "easy and everyone should pass" but his grading is awful.
4.0 : Mr. Morgan is a great teacher. This was a summer mini-term class and I really wish I'd taken it in a full semester. He gave lots of opportunities for extra credit and seemed to want everyone to do well in the class. If you show up, participate in class, and aren't dumb as a rock, you'll do fine.
4.5 : Very easy class. Just do the online work and the Mid-term and Final will be a piece of cake.
4.0 : Good teacher, I would take a class of his again
3.5 : Friendly and funny when the class finally woke up. Homework consisted of 2-4  problems from the book a week that were graded- other problems were assigned but not turned in for grade. Quizzes almost every week- not really pop quizzes but the syllabus isn't set in stone so you don't really want to miss class.
4.5 : Great teacher! She is very approachable and willing to help you with any questions you have. She didn't use the book much in class, but all of the homework came from it. Make sure to study the homework problems before tests and you should do fine! She even gives out a study guide for the final!!
4.0 : She gives very clear lectures, and is always willing to help during her office hours. She is always kind and tells jokes during class. The final exam was quite difficult though.
3.0 : While she was a nice and funny teacher, her grading was completely everywhere and graded very harshly. Her exams are extremely hard and when I asked her questions she was still very confusing. I would not recommend her if you struggle with math as her material is hard and she moves VERY fast!! Test problems do NOT come from the homework!
5.0 : Best teacher I've taken at UAH! I had her for two separate math classes and did well in both. Really focuses on the how not the why, which is great if you're an engineering student like me. Gives A LOT of homework, but this really ensures that you know the material. ABSOLUTELY LOVE HER.
3.0 : Test are like a roller coaster. Test one was a breeze nearly all A's in the class. Test 2 had to be scaled because most of the class failed. Never know what to expect and the final must have been scaled as well. Just do your best and don't fall behind and you will be ok. Also take advantage of the homework it's an easy 20% grade booster. Mediocre.
5.0 : One of the best in the math  department.  You can never go wrong with taking her section.  The one quirk about this class is she has daily quizzes.  She also takes up homework, so ensure there is room in your schedule to make DE your number one priority.  You can't put off until the weekend to catch up if you have something else to study.
5.0 : She's really great and breaks the info down which helps a lot
5.0 : Tischler is literally my favorite teacher at UAH. I think she teaches well and uses good examples to explain the theories. The DE text book is online. She gave daily quizzes and graded homework, but if you do the work you're fine. She's super approachable and fun. She will answer any question. I'd take all my math classes with her if I could.
5.0 : Tischler is definitely one of the best math professors at UAH. Her lectures are almost always an hour shorter than scheduled because she gets straight to the point and is very clear about everything.  She is always willing to answer questions or help on homework.  I really wish I could take her for Cal C.
5.0 : Best teacher I've ever had. There are quizzes every day, but if you do the homework when it's assigned you'll do fine. Test questions are straight from the homework. She's helpful and approachable. I wish I could take her for every math class.
4.0 : Tischler is a very good professor and is very fair. She likes to give partial credit which is great. She gives out paper homework on top of pre-assigned mathlab homework. Her tests are easier than the homework. However, the course coordinator was in charge of writing our exam, not Tischler. Worst exam ever, but I don't blame Tischler. She's great.
4.0 : Wonderful teacher, pretty funny, and cares about the students. Easy to understand lectures and easy to get help from her. Somewhat frequent and difficult homework, but tests are very easy in comparison. Would definitely recommend
3.0 : Fall 2014 Syllabus: 3 Tests (45% total) Quizzes: 15% HW: 10% Final Exam: 30% Review: I have had the pleasure of taking Mrs. Tischler's class twice. Both times I had failed to understand the material. If you do take her class, take her tests seriously and be present for her quizzes. To some she may be great, but not the right one for others.
5.0 : One of the best. Attendance isn't mandatory but you have daily quizzes at the beginning of class so don't skip. The problems come straight from the homework. (so do the homework) She teaches the material very well and will always answer your questions if you don't understand. Short lectures too! We got out of class 20-30 minutes early every day.
4.5 : Great guy! He wants you to actually learn instead of just "get through".
5.0 : Ms. Peck is a wonderful professor. I found the class easy to receive an A in. Only requirement is to listen intently to her lectures and take good notes. She doesn't mind sending you her notes online also; you just have to nicely request it. Her exams are all short answers w/ a couple of "define/identify" terms. I solely passed w/ just her notes.
4.0 : She was an ok teacher and a nice person. But in order to pass, you really need to look up stuff on your own. She wouldn't post her powerpoints, and flew through them because she needed to get to a certain slide. Before I got down 2 notes on one slide, she would already be two slides down, and she put a lot of info on them.
5.0 : Ms. Peck is an outstanding Professor. She went out of her way time &amp; time again to help me understand the material. If you listen &amp; write down everything she says it makes studying extremely easy.  She uploads all her powerpoints, tells you what to study for on the quizzes, &amp; gives you a study guide for every exam.  I would highly recommend her.
5.0 : In order to make an A in Intro to American Government, you have to go to class. She takes attendance for a grade and you will not understand the how she want you know the material if you just read the book. My advice don't buy the book. Go to class, take notes, complete the few online quizzes and you will be fine.
4.5 : Very good professor. Would recommend. Gives good feedback on your essays and is one of the nicest professors I've had at UAH so far. Sign up early for her class so it doesn't fill up.
5.0 : Great teacher! She's fun and interesting and very nice and helpful. I took 101 and 102 with her and would recommend her to anyone. Easy grade as long as you do the (easy, quick) discussion questions. There are 20 sets throughout the semester.
5.0 : I love Mrs. Weber! I had her for 101 and 102 and she is awesome! The easiest A you will get at UAH by far! She is relate-able and LOVES class involvement. Her class is more of a debate class than an English class. I almost wish I had more English classes so I could take her! But then I think, nah, better not.
4.5 : 4 papers with a central theme for all of them (EH 102 requirement). Gives excellent feedback on every paper so I recommend you write the rough draft she assigns (15 points of your grade each) and she's not bad to look at, so go to class (she's married btw)
5.0 : Loved this teacher! Would totally recommend!
4.0 : homework is super easy and all work is online, but from the book. I hate english class but I love her, she makes class more disscussion more than anything. Awesome teacher though, super easy to pass even if you stink at writing essays
5.0 : Love Mrs. Weber. Good feedback, picky on MLA. Interesting class and good topics for papers
5.0 : Attend class, laugh and get ready to learn about the food system.
5.0 : 4 papers assigned over the entire semester. Gives feedback based on what you turn in for your rough draft of each paper, which was super helpful! The more you turn in the more she helps you out. Discussion questions and class participation easily help boost your grade! Classes are discussion based--Definitely would recommend! She's the best!
4.0 : She is a wonderful professor. Her lectures were very interesting and inspirational.
4.5 : Dr. Steidl knows her material REALLY well, and is typically very welcoming to student input. Some of the materials she covers are pretty controversial and some can be offensive (especially some of the readings); but, I felt like that was to be expected from a Sociology class. Dr. Steidl expects her students to work for their grades.
5.0 : Dr. Steidl is an excellent professor. Her expectations and explanations are crystal clear. Beyond that Steidl is good people. No banking model of education here.
5.0 : EXCELLENT PROFESSOR. Totally gave me the building blocks I needed for future Sociology classes. She's really passionate about what she teaches and tries her best to make subjects exciting. Not sure how well non-Soc majorsminors would like her because she does expect you to LEARN which means reading and studying is required. Really love her.
3.0 : She is a good lecturer and is not boring, but a lot of the material is very dense and hard to understand.  She gives out readings of around 20 pages or more for every class which were all extremely dense and would never make sense to most of us. When everyone did badly on a test, she blamed the class, even though we felt she had not prepared us.
4.0 : Absolutely love Dr. Steidl, but she will make you work for your grade that's without a doubt. She is willing to work with you if you do not understand. Make sure you go to class b/c she isn't a huge fan of PowerPoint instead she's more of a lecturer so be prepared to take some REALLY good notes because trust me you will most definitely need them!
4.0 : Steidl's tests are easy if you do the study guides and write good notes. She does give very long readings, but I didn't read a lot of them and still got an A. My only complaint is that she is tough on excusing absences. I had 2 friends with family emergencies; Steidl wasn't very understanding and they had to go to the dean to get them excused.
4.0 : The class was quite interesting, however it turned to a whining about inequality session towards the end of the semester. Write your book report the first few weeks of school before things get hectic, do all the reading, and make quizlets of the terms and you will easily get an A. She also gives reading quizzes adding up to 4 bonus points per test.
4.5 : Great and sweet teacher, but expect to study hard because tests are hard.
4.0 : She is a really good professor, she teaches in a weird way but it sticks. You HAVE to have the textbook and you have to read from it. What she says in her lectures is critical. Uploads powerpoints and study guides now. Overall you have to actually work, but it's a good class to learn from.
4.5 : Another interesting character in the UAH sociology department. The reading for her social theory class is dense and thought provoking.
5.0 : Steidl is good people. Take her classes. You won't regret it.
4.0 : She is very good &amp;her tests are easy --but ONLY if you read. Do the readings &amp;try not to get behind in those. Go to class--you will get 2 extra points. There is a lot of reading, but do it. You will NOT regret it. It truly is an easy class.
4.0 : If you study the notes the vocabulary, the tests are fairy easy. She gives  2 review questions at the end of each lectures to help you understand. There are 3 assignments that are simple and help cushion your grade. Two midterms and a final plus the assignments. Lectures are great and fairly interesting, great notes, only available in the class.
5.0 : Dr Steidl is incredible at what she does. She is very good at relaying information to students in a way that anybody can understand. Lectures are thorough but give you everything you need to ace the test. Do the readings before class, sometimes info from them is on the test too. Interesting class.
3.5 : Overall, Dr. Steidl is a teacher that likes to use her powerpoints in class with her lectures, but will NOT post them online. If you miss a lecture here and there, better make sure someone else got the notes! Cannot rely specifically on the textbook. Study guides are not her thing either usually.
5.0 : She is very helpful if you go to her office hours. She loves it when students show interest in the subject but as long as you try to understand the concepts and show up to class you should be good.
2.0 : Her lectures are long and attendance is mandatory. The book is essential in this class for every test and the final as well. Not a defined sense of humor, but she does try every once in a while to make it entertaining by yelling and jumping around. Not clear with tests and does not post study guides. Would not recommend this professor.
5.0 : Dude, it's CAD
4.0 : Incredible and fantastic teacher
5.0 : engaging and knowledgeable.  great teacher.
5.0 : Adina is a fantastic teacher. She is great at explaining topics that do  not make the most sense. The class is somewhat dry but she definitely makes it better and way more fun! Highly recommend her!
4.5 : She makes a not so interesting subject interesting and fun
4.5 : If you can use this class for your degree I would strongly advise you to take it with her. By now most of you will be overloaded with 400 level classes that require quite a bit. This class will help with reducing the work load a bit. School is the only thing in our lives, and I wish all professors will understand that. Luckily Adina does. TAKE HER!
5.0 : The class is constantly laughing and she makes the examples so everyone understands the subject without being boring. I know nothing about contract but I am doing well. I dont't want to miss her class and she repeats test material.  She is so caring and if you really want to learn she will answer any of your questions. NO BOOK love that. love her.
4.5 : Adina is an awesome instructor. She has a high energy level and has so many funny stories and examples to make the material memorable! Totally recommend taking her whether its for your major or just an elective. Also recommend going to class. There's no book and ppt is tedious, so you need to be there to know what's on the test.
5.0 : Mrs. Adina is an incredible person and wonderful teacher. She truly cares about her students and is engaging in the best possible way. Her high energy and examples from her own experiences keep the class interesting and memorable. Highly recommend this teacher!
5.0 : Adina is a great professor who really cares about her students and their success.  This is my first time having her and I feel like I have known her for years! Adina makes a class that isnt the most interesting a fun environment to be around.  She is funny and isnt afraid to say what she is thinking.  I highly suggest taking her!
5.0 : Adina understands that this material is rather bland, especially for the folks who still have the dream of doing exactly what their degree is for.  Her stories, examples, and insistence on the participation of the class are absolutely amazing.  If you get a chance, take her class.
5.0 : Professor Adina is the most amazing teacher I have ever had. She is always looking for ways to be creative with her teaching style. Not only is she charismatic about material, but she truly cares about the students. I give her two thumbs up, and a 10 for hotness!
5.0 : Take Adina any chance you have, period.
5.0 : Great professor.  One you can count on, and still makes it fun to learn. Also she is smoking hot.
4.0 : She does a good job but in reality this class should be taught as a Distance Learning Class since it is death by PowerPoint. Several students only showed for the Test Information and no other time.
5.0 : Excellent teacher and has tons of real world experience!! Tests are multiple choice and not that hard, they test for your understanding. She's flexible and willing to help students. Encourages questions and interaction. Very funny as well. She makes the material interesting as well. Take her!!
5.0 : I've never looked forward to going to a class in my entire life until I took her class. Her lectures are relevant but her examples are hilarious which makes you remember things. She constantly had the class laughing and was always high energy. Class was based on lectures from slides, 3 exams very straight forward and one paper.
5.0 : Provided well prepared lectures and shared real life contract experiences and issues.
4.5 : We had 3 tests, a brief (5 min. presentation), and a research paper.  The brief and the paper could be on the same topic.  We choose the topic.  Attendance is not mandatory, but you miss things that are on the test if you do not go to class.  I missed the first lecture and made a B on that exam.  I made A's on the other two exams.  Great class!
4.0 : Not a bad course. Learned a lot. Two reasonable tests and a presentation. Got three credits.
5.0 : Makes a dry subject of contracting very entertaining.
5.0 : Professor Peyton is Gold!
5.0 : Very knowledgeable and makes class fun.
5.0 : Life changing experience gained in this class! Learned so much that can be applied to my class
5.0 : Great Teacher . Very inspiring
4.5 : She definitely knows her stuff. I've really enjoyed her class. Even when you don't feel like going, it is usually worth it for the laughs. She has the most vulgar sense of humor I have encountered. But also, she doesn't take sh*t from nobody. Do your work in and outside of class. You do not want to be on her bad side.
5.0 : Super easy super fun professor
5.0 : She was incredibly fun and very clear. She gives you the answers to her tests and you have to memorize them. She has a passion that will not allow you to leave her class without learning something. She is spunky and I LOVED her. You go, Ms. Doty!
5.0 : Doty is great if you are looking for an easy Fine Arts credit. She knows most people are just there for the credit and makes it easy, but still manages to introduce to the world of theater. Don't need the textbook, but do need the plays. It's a great class whether or not you like theater
5.0 : Mrs. Doty is real and down to earth. She understands most people are taking this class for a fine arts credit and she makes it easy to ace and easy to take. She really knows her stuff and if you're really into theatre you will not regret taking any of her classes. Highly Recommended.
5.0 : Love her!! Awesome teacher!!
5.0 : Awesome teacher.
5.0 : he is an excellent instructor take hi class you will enjoy it.
5.0 : Amazing teacher and person. He really tries to help. In class teaching and notes are so good the only need for the book is to get the hw problems. Lab teacher(grad student)was awful though. Wish he would have taught lab as well.
5.0 : I have never liked math and it is always my lowest grade but I have made A's on every test! He is he best math teacher I have ever had! Very easy to understand and lectures are very organized into power points. I was scared of this class but he has made it very easy. 4 quizzes and a final and he gives partial credit on problems! He is great!
5.0 : Dr. Knight is awesome!
5.0 : Dr. Knight is a really good teacher. If you attend class regularly you will do great on tests--which are not hard at all. I recommend him!
2.0 : Professor Knight is a nice guy and you can tell he really cares about his subject matter. However, he has no clear grading criteria on written assignments. You just get a random grade with small feedback. There were A LOT of papers for this class so beware if you are taking a heavy course-load. Lectures are monotonous and boring.
4.5 : Great lectures, interesting subject. You must pay attention and take notes in class and read the book; there is a book review paper but its not too hard and its not a big part of your overall grade. Really enjoyed Knight as a teacher.
5.0 : Dr. Knight does cover a decent amount of information during class, but he explains it well. As long as you show up to class, you should do fine. His tests focus on your understanding of the concept. Pay attention in class and ask questions if you need to. He's a really nice guy too, but make sure to pay attention.
3.0 : Knight's class can be boring, but he is a good teacher. His tests all have formula sheets and a multiple choice section. If you study, you should be fine. He is very helpful if you are ever confused. Statistics is not a very exciting subject, but Knight makes it easier to understand.
5.0 : Dr. Knight is the man. However, I had an extremely difficult time with his class. If you skip class, you will not do well in this class unless you are highly intelligent. He does care about your grade though. He spent many hours trying to help me. Although I am going to take the class again, I would suggest taking Knight for the experience.
5.0 : SOC 100 is fairly easy if you do what he tells you to do, otherwise it will be tough to get an A. Don't skip because he does not post the class notes.
4.5 : I have professor Knight for Statistics of the Social Sciences and he is very good.  The homework he assigns is very helpful for the tests.  He is very clear and goes through examples that are just like what will be on the test.  He clarifies what is written in the book and explains it in an easier to understand manner.  He is excellent.
3.0 : Kinda dresses like a lumberjack. Reads straight from his powerpoints so lecture is boring. Book is needed. Gives a study guide that is helpful for the test. Tests were harder than I thought, but not too bad (50 multiple choice questions.)
4.0 : Great teacher, very interesting class. Participation and attendance is a grade, but his lectures are interesting so I don't mind going.  His tests are very tough, and there are only 5 grades for the entire class, so you have to try hard and pass them all. I would recommend his class only if you take good notes and work hard.
5.0 : Best professor at UAH!
4.0 : Takes forever to grade speeches and return grades. We turned in homework the second day of class and have not had it returned to us yet and its been a month. IS WAY TOO MUCH INTO WRITING COMMENTS ON OUR SPEECH EVALUATIONS. STATED ON MONDAY THAT SHE HAD TWO SPEECHES LEFT TO GRADE AND ON WEDNESDAY STATED SHE ISNT DONE AND GRADES WILL BE ONLINE  TOM.
5.0 : Dr. Pacino is the best professor I have had in the History department, as well as in the entire university. Her upper-level classes are comprised of extreme amounts of reading, and you won't pass the class unless you do said readings. Also, she is a very strict grader on papers, but a visit to her office can correct any issues. She is super helpful
5.0 : Probably the best history teacher I've ever had, great at explanations and getting into the subject. Be prepared to read, but other than that pay attention and she will help you as much as she can.
2.0 : She cares about all of the things that don't matter. She's really anal about dumb things (like how you format your emails) and is generally just kind of condescending and unpleasant. It's totally possible to do okay in her class, but it's despite her and not because of her.
3.0 : This class is easy as piss, but she takes mandatory attendance which is ridiculous given the course material. It's also extremely boring, and she is clearly condescending and obnoxious in her lectures
3.0 : While I adore her as a person, she gives terrible guidelines for, for example, her term paper. After following all of her guidelines I got a C. She is a ridiculously tough grader. I would not have taken her had I known all of this, so please be cautious.
3.0 : I hated this class! It was so boring and Dr. Pacino is outrageously obnoxious. She is very strict on attendance and participation. As in, if you dont answer every question she asks dont expect an A for participation even if you show up every day. Her grading is the least clear of any teacher I've had. Her lecture style is extremely weird as well.
5.0 : Her tests are all essay and short answer. But her teaching style is very helpful. Not only does she make sure her lectures and assignments are interesting, but she spends class time explaining, for instance, what a college history paper is, which surprisingly few people know.  If you need help, she's there.  GO TO OFFICE HOURS!
5.0 : Professor Pacino is one of the best teachers I have had at UAH.  She wants a lot from her students in terms of participation in class but she is always willing to help students understand the big picture.  She made this class interesting even for people that don''t really care about history.  Be ready to have some of your beliefs challenged.
5.0 : I absolutely loved  her! She makes the class extremely interesting, and it's an easy class. However, it's only easy if you try. You have to do the book readings, and participate. Also, she posts study guides for her midterm and final. DO THEM. That is what is on the test. She's very willing to help you out, and you can tell she loves what she does!
4.0 : I am in her food in world history class, never had her before. Those who say she is condescending obviously do not understand dry humor. She's hilarious, helpful, caring, and an awesome teacher.
5.0 : She is definitely, by far, the best teacher I've had at UAH so far. She really cares about her students and is there for help when ever you need it. She is very sarcastic and has a dry sense of humor but that is my favorite part about her. I learned a lot from her class and kinda wish I was a History major so i could take more of her classes.
5.0 : Professor Pacino is a real gem for both lower-level history classes as well as upper-level classes. Her readings are heavy and they are mandatory to understanding class lecture and discussion, but they are enlightening. If you have any questions about anything in the class, she is MORE than willing to help. TIP: Bring her rough drafts of papers!
3.0 : Long essays and only 2 test
4.5 : Dr. Pacino is an amaaaazing and such an angel. She cares so much for her students. But boy does she grade harshly. You really gotta work for that A. If you're a good writer, then it'll be no sweat (I'm not a good writer though).There were two short books to read, but they were great. Her tests are 100% short answer and essay, so study study study!
5.0 : Dr. Pacino is so friendly and makes an effort to make students feel comfortable. Her tests are short answer and essay and she tells you exactly what questions could be on the test. Prepare for all of them and you will ace the ones that end up on there. I learned more about writing from her than my English prof. Absolutely amazing professor.
4.5 : He is a great teacher. The lectures are incredibly boring. Pick your weights at your own discretion. If you enjoy essays then weigh them heavily as that is an easy way to boost your score. The in class exam is very easy since they have to be worked on paper not in excel (small numbers, easy to work, calculator permitted). Easy B with little effort.
4.0 : As long as you know how to use excel you will be fine in this class. one take home exam and you pick the weights for your grades at the beginning.
5.0 : Dr. Collopy is a letter of the law kind of individual, my grade fairly reflected my total lack of work.  I am retaking this course with him.  Your first assignment in 321, grade weighting, is the most pivotal assignment all semester, read every word of his syllabus prior to submitting.  There are no tricks, and there are no games, fair is fair.
5.0 : Incredible teacher! You pick your grade weight, he made the final take home because the class wanted it. I lets you have an equation sheet for any in class test. He believes that in the real world you'll have resources so you should have them on the test. GO TO CLASS. He makes it easy, but if you don't attend, your grades will slip.  Know excel. :)
3.0 : Dr. Collopy is a hilarious teacher. However, when choosing the grade weight for this class, do not choose Essays, because the GTA and he will give you lower grades if you do not agree with their ideology on the essays. Choose most of the weight, if not all, to be on the homework.
4.0 : Probably my favorite teacher so far at UAH.
5.0 : Paul Collopy is hilarious. The class was honestly enjoyable. The homework can be difficult because of one's capacity to overthink. Bring a laptop to class and follow his format and you will get an A.
2.0 : Dr. Collopy is very unhelpful. won't let you make up any work regardless of valid excuse and is a very picky grader. It is possible to get an A but be prepared to be detail oriented and expect no help or sympathy. Dr. Collopy likes lecturing but has a dismal view of students. Not my favorite class.
4.5 : Take him for ISE 321.  He lets you choose your grade weighting (i.e. how much each section is worth).  This lets you not have graded homework, weekly essays, and up to three tests.  The only requirement is that at least 10% of your grade has to be the final.  This allows you to take only the first exam (take home) and make an A.  Easy class.
4.0 : Easiest class there is. You get to pick your grade weights at the beginning of the semester. 3 tests and a final. (hints: the take-home tests are super easy. The last few homeworks can get pretty tough.) Attendance isn't required but you actually learn the stuff if you go to class.
5.0 : Dr. Collopy has an incredibly dry sense of humor that I love. Make sure you are careful with your grade weighting. The second midterm is pretty easy and so was the third. Overall, great professor and good class. You will learn how to use Excel, so if you don't, the beginning may be a struggle.
3.5 : I took it when you could weight the class, so I didn't write essays. GO TO CLASS; he tells you exactly how to do the homework in his lectures. The homework isn't too hard, but expect around a 90 on it. The tests are very easy if you do the homework. The final is the easiest test of all. I really enjoyed the class because he makes it interesting.
5.0 : This guy knows so much stuff and his lectures are sooo organized. I paid UAH tuition and received Ivy League quality. A++++
5.0 : Dr. Gandila was definitely one of my favorite professors last semester. Really personable, engaging guy that truly wanted to see students succeed and  provides you with everything you need to succeed. The class was easy (one midterm, a research paper, and online homework). A MUST for anyone taking history.
3.0 : Gandila is an average professor. He requires you to attend class, and rolls a dice to decide on a quiz or not. The quizzes are pretty easy though. Tests are okay, but he makes you do a group research paper at the end.
5.0 : The prof. has good charisma. I wasn't into history before but this class was interesting. tests are ok and grading is fair.
4.5 : Dr. Gandila is a great professor. His lectures are well-prepared, and he engages often with the students. Once a week, primary sources are discussed that make you think about validity in HY. He has a system called "Monte Carlo quizzes" where he has a student roll a die; a one results in a quiz on the reading, so prepare! Overall, I must recommend.
5.0 : Very good instructor and a nice person. Knows everyones name by the second week (scary lol) and will call on you. Exams are ok and he grades fast. Oh, and he's well dressed. +1
4.5 : Dr. Gandila was one of my favorite professors last semester. You can tell he genuinely cares about his students, and is focused on making sure you do well. Though I find history to be boring, he made class more fun with his hilarious comments and by trying to engage us in the discussion. Have already recommended him to multiple people
5.0 : Very good professor and a nice person with great sense of humor. Takes his job seriously. I'm actually learning something in this class and topics are pretty interesting. It's a lecture &amp; discussion class and he values participation. I really have no complaints. Very good choice if you need HY103.
4.0 : Lectures can be boring, but he throws in some jokes to keep everyone awake.  He's really good at posting study material online, so thats a plus.  After lecturing for a while, he has doscussions over sources from the books. He relies heavily on students participating escpecially since participation is part of your grade.  Solid teacher overall
4.5 : Took this as an honors class although I'm a science major. Participation really matters but discussions are usually very interesting and he treats students with respect. Has great sense of humor too. Dr. Gandila really knows his stuff and he's very organized so I have to recommend taking his intro class if u need it.
5.0 : I thoroughly enjoyed Dr. Gandila's class.  I looked forward to it every week.  He is a super fun professor and seems to genuinely care for his students.  There is homework every week, and you have to participate in class and in the online discussions or you will receive a bad grade.  Definitely recommend!!!
5.0 : I'm not sure I'll remember everything he said in class but I sure will remember Dr Gandila. Always asking interesting questions. Got me thinking about life. Great history teacher!
2.0 : This professor made me hate history. Before taking him history was my favorite subject, now I dread the thought of going to class. It's hard to understand him.I counted one class the amount of times he said "um" he said it about 200 times and I only counted for half the class. His tests are very hard to understand. Don't take him if you can help it
5.0 : Very interesting lectures, especially those about the mongols and the silk road. Exams are pretty easy if you memorize some of the stuff on his study guide. Offers extra credit options which is nice.
5.0 : I work so I couldn't go to all early morning MWF classes but I especially liked the Friday discussions. Prof. Gandila really convinced me that history is not just about names and facts, it's really about new perspectives and having an open mind. Recommended!
4.0 : The class is mostly reading your textbook and lectures, but he always makes sure there is time for discussion. He makes a lot of jokes during class, but he has a dry sense of humor. Be prepared to take a lot of notes. It's a little bit slow, but he does what he can to accommodate his students. He also is willing to read over rough drafts of papers.
4.0 : This class is pretty much all discussion, which is great.  There is a lot of required reading, but that's to be expected with this high of a level class.  You can tell he knows his stuff, but he makes the class far more about the students than about him.  We didn't have too much in-class work, but participation was key.
5.0 : I'm not much into history, but dr. Gandila knows how to attract students' interest into his course. Plus he is hilarious.
5.0 : I love Dr. Gandila! He's really funny and a really nice person. He works with you on your assignments and makes sure you're understanding the material. I'm taking him for honors in this course, and while he is lecture and reading heavy, it's worth it. Discussion is about 50% of the class, so if that's not your thing, his class might not be for you.
5.0 : Dr. Gandila is a great professor and I will always recommend him! He has lectured on diverse topics and has many jokes to keep you awake! He values discussion (the amount of people who actually discuss in class is a whole other story). We even had a class entirely based on discussion from one of our textbooks!  He always gets back to you via email!
3.0 : I spent more work on HY103 than my 300 or 400 level STEM classes. Dr. Gandila is very excited about history but vague about grading papers (project, final, and midterm). He did give us a list of terms to memorize for the midterm. Be prepared for a lot of work outside of class. The class has daily paragraphs, a research paper, midterm, and final +HW
5.0 : Dr Gandila is a great teacher who knows how to make history interesting. I loved every class. He's also very helpful and responds to emails very fast. He's very professional so I must recommend.
5.0 : Great class and great prof. Dr. Gandila came highly recommended and for good reason.
5.0 : Great teacher.  One of my favorites at the university.
5.0 : Take him while you can. He deserves to be teaching at an Ivy League school. If you want to learn and make a good grade then Dr. Xu is your best bet.
5.0 : He understood statics very well and that translated into making the material more accessible for me. Two tests and a final make up about 65 percent of the grade, and test problems require more than just knowing how to work basic problems. Overall great professor and nice guy
5.0 : As someone else mentioned, take his class while you can. He's an easy guy to talk to and is always willing to help (whether it's with class material or career path advice). He assigns weekly homework but it's not too bad (usually based on the material covered that wee). He'll work with you as long as you put in the effort
5.0 : One of my favorite professors at UAH so far. He is straightforward and doesn't stray too far from the text. Quizzes counted for 10% of the overall grade, and they are pretty much pass/fail so they can make a pretty big difference on your overall grade. I would highly recommend getting Dr. Nelson if you have the chance.
4.5 : He is a great guy, and seemed fair.  But, his tests were not.  He gave out the tests from the last time he taught thermo, but the tests he gave were nothing like them.  They were longer and tougher.  A lot longer and tougher.  He did curve the class so as the average was a 75.  It saved everyone's butt.  The class average on the final was a 59.
3.0 : Far superior to Wessling, but overall an above average professor. Lectures are pretty good, and he is pretty humorous. Course is difficult though, and you will have to study. He takes attendance very now and then, so make sure you go to class most of the time. Posts old tests and finals for you to study and that was very helpful.
4.5 : Great teacher. You want this guy for thermo. Go to class, answer questions, do homework and you can pass. Oh and hes basically the hottest teacher in the engineering department.
4.5 : Definitely one of the best professors at UAH. She will make you settle for no less than an A, and she will make you work hard for it.
5.0 : There is no question that the subject matter is extremely difficult, but the way Professor Slaitane presents the information is what makes all the difference; she makes you THINK! She is very knowledgeable in linguistics and Middle Eastern history and politics. I already took two of her classes, and I am looking forward to the third in the fall.
5.0 : She is a very very nice person and the most helpful instructor I've ever seen or even thought about.  She is fairly new at this, but learned very very fast.
5.0 : She really cares about you learning the material. She will explain vocab and structure multiple times and with variation so that it is so clear, you forgot you had a question. She is kind though direct, so check your ego at the door. She is a positive instructor who takes time to answer questions via email too! If you want to learn, she will teach.
5.0 : Kawthar Slaitane is one of the most amazing professors I have ever  had! She is so nice and caring, and she will help you if you are struggling. Just keep up with the class and always go over your notes, and you should be fine.
5.0 : She is my favorite professor at UAH so far!
5.0 : Dr. Slaitane is the best! Her classes are a must-take!
5.0 : Mrs. Slaitane is very professional and I enjoyed her class very much. She kept the whole class engaged and there was great participation. Homework assignments were graded promptly and she always had time for questions. Test were in line with lectures. I learned more than I thought I could in the short time.
5.0 : Professor Slaitane is one of the best instructors I have ever had. Her lectures on the Middle East in terms of language, culture and politics are really interesting! I enjoyed every single lecture she gave in class, and attended most of the  sessions she volunteered to give on campus to help students grasp the material better.
4.5 : Hard to believe Professor Slaitane is not a native speaker of English! Her English is perfect, which makes her lectures very clear and not difficult to grasp. She is excellent in linguistics, politics, philosophy and international relations. She is also fun and very helpful! Her classes are a must-take!
5.0 : Conversational French was amazing; the atmosphere was pleasant and welcoming, and she always answered questions. Tests were always clear and easy if you knew the material, even the oral exam. She was very nice, and once the class was over, told us we were welcome to keep stopping by her office.
5.0 : I loved Kawthar's class! She is such an amazing teacher and I am so beyond pleased with her teaching and instructional style. I highly recommend her Arabic class. I cannot wait to take her 102 class in the spring!
4.5 : An all-in-all great intrustor! Very helpful and will go out of her way to assist students not just before the finals but throughout the semester. Her office is open beyond office hours, so go talk to her if you need help and she will always come up with a plan!
5.0 : In Professor Slaitane's class, expect to read a lot of philosophical, historical and literary texts, and write just as much. She will go out of her way to help. She knows her stuff very well and makes it a point that everyone should contribute something to the course. She keeps everybody on task in and outside class.
5.0 : Professor Slaitane is a genius! She is fluent in seven or eight languages! She is very passionate about teaching, and has a full command of her subject matter. I strongly recommend her classes!
1.5 : 311 will beat you up. Especially the lab. Pick a project he will like, that'll help you get a good grade. Popular choices are magnets, robots, and hardcore strain measurement (see the wall next to TH N204, look for airplane test stand). Again, the lab is going to suck. Just buckle down on it each week. Do not expect good grades on the lab.
5.0 : Legenbass is the best part of UAH.  Every class he teaches is increDibly enjOyable to take.  He designs his classes to help his students sUcCeed.  His jokEs make the lectures that much more enjoyaBle.  The lAb is incredibly easy, straiGhtforward, and fun-especially the reports.  The project he assigns is a walk in the park.
5.0 : Dr. Legenbass was the best! Super easy, very laid back, and just an all around awesome teacher. His jokes are hilarious, he grades his labs super easy, and he is the best teacher I have ever had. He explains stuff super clear. He is always in his office for office hours. Legenbass is GOD!
5.0 : Legenbass was the greatest. Very easy and helpful. The things I'd do to him, mmmm. I &lt;3 Legenbass.
5.0 : I love Legenbass.  He is just amazing-an inspiration to everyone who takes him.  When you take him, you won't want to be anywhere else but in his presence.  Throughout his class and afterward, I kept thinking, "What would Legenbass do?"  The answer to that gave me direction on whatever I was doing.  Everyone should know that Legenbass is Awesome.
5.0 : Dr. Legenbass is an inspiration to all students! His jokes help motivate and his labs are a walk in the park. Look forward to taking him for future classes!
5.0 : A god amongst men. A truly inspirational figure for all aspiring engineers to look up to. Project was a breeze, and the labs take no time at all. There's simply nothing wrong with this class.  31110 would take again.
5.0 : Dr. legenbass, Our Unmatched, Clever Hero Everyone Brags About. Great guy!!!
5.0 : One the best professors at UAH. Some students don't like the way he does homework, but at least it's not online. Extremely helpful. Welcomes questions, even if they interrupt his lecture. Does his very best to help you understand the material.
5.0 : One of the best teachers at UAH.  You will need to study for his tests, but his homework policy is very lenient.
5.0 : Jonathan Patrick is the most understanding and reasonable professors I've ever had. He offers tons of bonus problems for the tests, cover the material well, and really looks out for all the students best interests.
5.0 : Jonathan is the best professor that I have had at UAH. His teaching is very clear, and he offers lots of bonus work. Some students might not like his system for checking homework, but I personally like it. His best trait is his dedication to the students. He works hard to help his students learn, not just doing the bare minimum to earn his salary.
5.0 : WARNING! He WILL drown you in extra credit! (but that's a good thing) If you're confused about something, just ask and he won't  go on until you understand. He does assign a whole bunch of weekly HW, but he only asks for 1 or 2 from each assigned section and grades it for completion, not accuracy. Take him!
5.0 : I'm just here to pay my respects to a great man. He is gone but not forgotten.
4.5 : Randy is a GTA(graduate teaching assistant) and very helpful. There is a quiz on each chapter (2-4 questions) and he drops the lowest 2. He gives credit for attempting problems so always do what you can. Tests seemed easier than the quizzes.
2.5 : Quizzes almost every day. This gives you nearly no time to learn or catch up on the material if you don't understand. Makes it impossible to learn at your own pace. Daily quizzes make the class extremely stressful.  He seemed competent and knew the material but he has no desire to teach.  More difficult than some 300 level courses I have taken.
5.0 : Great teacher. Challenging course, but he was a really down-to-earth guy who was really good at ecomaining the course material.
5.0 : Very dedicated professor!!!  She explains concepts very wellbe sure to attend classes!
5.0 : Wonderful professor! You need to attend class. She gives random quizzes that can cause some damage if you miss them. Read before class. She doesn't give PowerPoint but she gives a lecture outline, which she uses a lot of information from on exams so take good notes.
4.5 : Beck was a good teacher, however, be prepared to think outside the box. Tests are very tricky and you need a solid understanding to pass this class. The material seems common-sense and easy in lecture but make sure you still study.
3.5 : Make sure to attend class - missing a quiz can be the difference in a letter grade. Use the recommended HESI book to study. Make sure to know the PRIORITY and FIRST intervention for each disorder you learn about. I recommend listening to the lecture videos she posts as well.
4.5 : Katherine Newman is a great instructor for MU 100. You have to come to class to take notes and watch the music videos. A LOT of extra credit chances. Very helpful and understanding. But you do have to come to class and turn in homework on time or you will fail. Great teacher!
5.0 : Oh I just love her :). She's too funny and geniuely cares about you and your grade. I didn't want to take Music as elective until someone adviced me to take her and I DON'T regret it. She's so much fun and you will love her class. Listening text closed book, 1st part Open book &amp; 4 concerts essay with super easy assignments. Show up &amp; you'll be fine
4.5 : She is totally crazy but in a good way and she can make you have a good time in class or a bad time it is really up to you oh and if you are late on an assignment then you fail!
5.0 : I LoVe her and she is very funny. I was truly nervous taking this class but I am glad I did. Passed with an A. Written portion of the exam is open book and the listening part is closed book. Show up, attend two concert &amp; write a report which is EASY, 2 extra credit concert report if you want. I made an A so I didn't have to take finals. She's good
5.0 : Some part of the test are take home, come to class for listening part of the test, attend 2 concerts and write a page report on it. Stay off your phone and when assignments are due, make sure you turn in yours ON TIME. She's easy, the class was always ALIVE. I love her blonde/whitish hair. She was born to be a music teacher for real.
5.0 : Definitely take this class! It's and easy A and super fun! Her laugh cracks me up! Memorize the music, composer, tempo, dynamics, and texture for the listening tests. I loved Mrs. Newman! You don't have to take the final if you have an A or B in the class.
5.0 : He is supper cute. And he is unbelievable nice. His class is supper easy, he knows how to teach students. Do your homework , that would be very helpful!!!!!!!!!!!as a student, you should choose him! love him!!!
5.0 : Professor Heimbeck is awesome! He is really helpful and funny! I was not interested in Physics at all before this course, and now I want to continue studying Physics as much as possible. It's really important to do the homework and take good notes in class, as this is where he gets most of his exam questions. If you show up an try you will do well!
5.0 : He is a lovely guy who would always want you to succeed. I have never made use of any extra credits opportunities and still doing extra well in the class. Super nice and sweet guy. If you don't do well in his class it is probably mainly your faults because he is super nice so don't complain
4.0 : First off, he's insanely cute. Second, he's an extremely fair grader. Sometimes (but not always) he will curve the exams to improve your grade. If you attended most of the classes, he will bump your grade up a letter if you have an 88/89. He is the best teacher for students who aren't good at physics. I'm excited to be taking him again for PH 102!
3.0 : He understands most people in this class aren't physics majors so he doesn't go crazy with anything. His lectures are not the best but the content is what is on the test. Day before tests he goes through all the slides and tells you what is important so BE THERE.
4.5 : Very willing to take extra time to help the students prepare for the exams. Gave a midterm, which was straightforward, and a final exam, which was more difficult, mainly because of the material that it covered. Homework given about every other week. Would recommend this teacher!
5.0 : This class covers a lot of different techniques and is labor intensive. Attendance and effort are musts, and Katie does a fantastic job of helping you out along the way. She is clear about what she wants, but does not mind re-clarifying. She recognizes those that try, and encourages her students to experiment and push boundaries. Class was great!
4.5 : Katie was absolutely fantastic. She was ALWAYS willing to help, and worked with students who had emergencies come up. It wasn't an easy A; you actually had to try and put forth effort. She really pushes students to do the best they can. Seriously, one of my favorite professors at UAH.
4.0 : Creekmore presents the material well but expects a lot of basic computer knowledge and computer lingo to be known.  He does a good job of pulling the test from the homework but his grading can be iffy sometimes.
4.0 : Dr. Reidy is a great history teacher - super knowledgeable and fun to talk to. With that being said, his class, even at an honors level, is super easy. Quizzes every now and then and a couple short papers. His slides are online, but a little confusing and tend to stray here and there from the topic you're on at the moment. Otherwise a great man.
4.0 : This is one of the best classes I've ever taken!! He makes the class so interesting and engaging!! Be sure to study hard for quizzes because they make up a huge chuck of your grade!! And be prepared to discuss your opinions!!
2.0 : I personally didn't enjoy Reidy's teaching style. If you like history, it may be more enjoyable for you. His tests and quizzes require you to remember small details that are irrelevant to the overall point of studying history, in my opinion. His powerpoints feature more pictures than actual notes.
3.5 : He's a lot easier than the other history teachers. Gives 3 (easy) multiple choice quizzes &amp; drops your lowest score, 1 midterm, 1 final, &amp; a 6 page research paper on your choice of topic. The midterm &amp; final consisted of multiple choice, short answer, &amp; one or two short essays &amp; 1 long essay over a broad topic. I hate history but glad i took him.
5.0 : Homework was online, 1 assignment per week. No quizzes this semester, just the midterm and final. There's a 6 page term paper. He's very clear about what he wants on all assignments. He makes the lectures interesting and he's funny sometimes. I'm not a history person, but I love his class. I would definitely take him again.
5.0 : Dr. Reidy is my favorite professor. He is encouraging and hilarious. He takes the time to get to know all of his students and loves class participation. The group work is counter-productive, but if you like to socialize then you will like group-work days. Midterm and Final are essay format, plus there are three easy quizzes and a term paper.
5.0 : I expected it to be a dull class going in, but it turned out to be a very interesting class.  He engages in conversation with the class on any of the topics you ask, as he's really into history. He gives 3 quizzes (drops 1), 1 midterm, an 8-page research paper, and the final. History went from boring to interesting with him.
5.0 : AJ is a great instructor. Take him over Sadish if possible.  He offers many opportunities to give extra credit. The lectures are informative. We had a practice midterm a class period before the actual midterm, and we got bonus points on the actual midterm for our performance on it. Also, the exams are extremely similar to the practice exams.
5.0 : Excellent teacher! A rarity in the CS department at UAH. He actually tries to get you prepared for the job market instead of forcing you to memorize worthless proofs. Very helpful both in and out of class. Definitely take Kulkarni for CS 317!
4.5 : AJ is a great professor, I would take him for other classes. CS317 is a very challenging class, but he explained everything very well and his lectures were very helpful that the class felt very easy. As long as you come to class and try, you will pass. Also start on the homeworks early because they can be time consuming especially the programs.
4.0 : He teaches off of slides which are available after class.  Slides can be hard to decipher if you missed class. Exams are very similar to the practice exams. master the practice exams. He is not a native English speaker, but grades leniently. Lots of real world examples &amp; things you will probably be asked in an interview. my first A since CS102
5.0 : One of the best professors I have had at UAH. Algorithms is a tough class and AJ taught it in a very understandable way; and it is much appreciated as algorithms is an important subject (Computer Science).   I would take his class in a heartbeat and will be looking to see if he teaches any other classes. Pay attention, do your work, and study.
5.0 : Mr. Kulkarni's algorithms class is very easy. His slides are available online and the book went unused (unless you do the assigned reading, which isn't really necessary). He gives lots of quizzes and he gives a month to complete each of the 3 homework assignments. The exams are not tricky either. His grading is lenient and he is an awesome guy.
4.5 : He wants all students to succeed with their highest potential. Also, he realizes some teachers don't care if students get the material but he does and makes that very apparent. If you are having trouble in his class, no worries!, he is there to help!!
4.5 : Great teacher.   Very nice man and willing to work with you.  One simple quiz per week to try to help keep the students on pace and not get behind.   He drops the lowest two quiz grades.   One test was a take home.   Would definitely take again.
4.5 : Awesome TA, and where is her hot tamale?  She is smokin' hot!!!!!
3.5 : The weekly quizzes are a nuisance, but she covers everything that is going to be on the quiz the previous class.  Only one lab report so far and it was tough.  Overall she is a very good teacher with crazy beautiful blue eyes.
4.0 : Highly recommend.
4.0 : Excellent teacher.
4.5 : Awesome!
5.0 : Wonderful Lab TA! I hated Biology and struggled through the lectures, but she was so helpful to me and my peers! Lab became enjoyable and she was very positive and tried to help in whatever way she could. Questions about lab reports? She was so sweet and would explain things really well. Never felt "stupid" for asking a question. Loved Mrs. Tarver!
5.0 : Was a bit nervous because I heard that Cal B was going to be pretty difficult (especially over the summer). BUT I really enjoyed this class! Brett made it fun to learn the material and was very helpful. The tests weren't too difficult and he didn't assign much homework.
5.0 : Overall one of the best teachers I've ever had! He spends plenty of time covering the material and makes sure everyone has a clear understanding of what's going on. Make sure to go to class!! Also be ready for weekly quizzes! Just come prepared and if you do your part, you'll pass.
4.5 : Okay so seriously, if you do not like math take Skinner, I've already taken precalc before in highschool but he made it so much more enjoyable. He has a great sense of humor and lots of funny math tshirts. Also SHOW UP FOR CLASS (10 pts added on final), he makes funny pop quizzes when attendence drops. Lots of ways to get extra points
5.0 : Brett is a great teacher. His notes are exaclty everything you need to do the hw/tests. Be aware of quizzes every Tuesday covering the hw. I'm not going to say he was easy, because he wasn't. You have to work for your grade and you have to understand what's going on, but Brett will help you every chance he can. I've taken him for Cal A and Cal C.
4.5 : Expect a lot of homework for any class with him. I had him for Cal A and Cal C, and he gave a LOT of homework in both. Besides the homework, he will help you if you email him or go to office hours, and his tests are all problems that he makes up. If you understand material, do your reviews/worksheets that he makes, the classes are pretty simple.
5.0 : Very straight forward. Quizzes and tests match up very closely with homework.
4.5 : Every Monday Skinner gives a quiz on the homework. It's not hard as kong as you do the 35-50 problems per week. If you save it all for Sunday, you are going to have a tough time, though. Skinner's office hours are pretty flexible if you email him and he's really good at helping. Lectures are clear, but be sure to take detailed notes.
4.0 : The class isn't too hard as long as you come to class, and do as much homework as possible. There is a quiz every Monday; the problems come directly from the homework. There is a ton of homework; allot yourself ten hours per week to do the homework. The tests are straightforward. Skinner is very willing to help. Easy A/B if you put in the time.
4.0 : He's a nice guy. Exams are tough.
4.5 : One of the best professors at UAH. His notes on my papers were both positive and constructive and he definitely helped me improve my writing. He puts a lot of emphasis on historical context so classes and reading assignments are always fascinating.
4.5 : Fantastic instructor! Very clear and straightforward lectures. He is very approachable and accommodating. I will look for him to teach future classes.
4.0 : He is who you want for 370.  He is part time, so doesn't really have office hours.  He is extremely fair and a good lecturer, if a bit boring.  The tests are what you expect, no real surprises.  He grades fairly.  He gives graded homework.  If you ask for help, he will do his best to help you.  One of the best at UAH.
5.0 : Very Good. His lectures are clear as long as you pay attention. He does not answer emails though and did lose one of my tests. As long as you do well on all the Hw and tests you'll be fine. If i had done better on the final i would have made an A. Pay attention at end of course bc thats all on the final.
5.0 : This guy is the most consistent professor I've had. He teaches by lecture with many intertwined example problems. Go to class and understand his example problems, you will do well. No surprises on the test, and he is very good with partial credit. Homework was a decent amount online but he offered extra credit for homework at the end of class.
3.0 : He is a good teacher. Mechanics of materials can be tough, especially if you didn't understand statics well. He does his best to help and gives plenty of homework to boost your grade 8%. The final was a tough department final exam but there was a grade curve given at the end. Labs are an easy 15% of grade. Highly recommend him for 370.
4.5 : I personally saw him take time not only with me but with other students that involved things outside of the classroom.  He cares about the students and has a great mix of real world stories and text book chapters.  I wish all my teachers were this inspiring.  He does motivational speeches outside of classes and he is very inspiring. Love Him!
4.5 : Professor Huckaby really makes class interesting. He gives students real world lectures, information that we can apply. Great laid back style. Totally cool guy, really enjoyed all his stories and class activities. Gotta take this instructor!
5.0 : He was awesome. Made me change my major he was so good. Always there to help. Really funny. Loves what he does has very interesting stories. Everyday roommates would ask what he said that was cool.
5.0 : Dr. Huckaby is one of the most experienced individuals I have ever met. He has a story to tell for every subject of life. He has a very fun teaching style and really wants everyone to do well. He is never in a bad mood. I would literally take ever class he offered if I could! He takes attendance by paper two or three times throughout the semester.
1.5 : Good psychologist, not a teacher.  If you want to go to class, he will skip over most of the slides that are on his power point presentation, unless he has a funny personal story to tell about a certain topic.  I know more about his daughters than I know about psychology.  If you want a good grade, you will have to attend the PASS sessions.
5.0 : Best teacher I have had in college.  Hands down.
5.0 : Gary is the man. His classes are awesome. His lectures are awesome. He is awesome. Tests are challenging but the Panopto helps A TON! LISTEN TO IT! One project but a monkey could do it; however, it is a lot of fun and very intuitive. Love this man, but he's going to UA so students there.... TAKE HIM!!!!!!! Roll Tide.
5.0 : Best instructor I have ever had.  Seems to want to help the students that attend regularly. Always in a good mood.  Do need to do extra assignments or he will come down on you.
5.0 : Great professor! Great Guy!  Would definitely take him again
2.0 : He didn't do much actual lecturing, he mostly talked about his life and how rich he was. It wasn't a hard class if you are able to completely teach yourself for tests. He did upload good reviews though.
5.0 : Great mix of real world and text book stuff. As far as a previous post about his daughters, he always related them to the topic we were covering.  Best class I have had at any college I have attended. I would take what ever he was teaching.
4.5 : He is an amazing teacher that will work with you. He usually just goes with the flow, his PowerPoint slides are  available on angel along with his lecture notes. Class is never boring there so you will never fall asleep. This is my third year at this school and he is honestly my favorite!
5.0 : Dr. Huckaby is very kind and wants you to pass. Will help if you ask. Very encouraging but expects you to come to class and read the book. One of my favorite teachers
4.5 : He is helpful and lenient on a lot of things. His lectures are light-hearted. Most of all, he's hilarious
3.0 : While he was funny, he spent more time trying to be funny than teach the material. All quizzes were taken online. There are 10 and they are timed: 20 minutes for 20 questions. Open note. I don't do well with online quizzes, so that aspect is more of a personal dislike, but still not much effort on his behalf. Gone a lot, too.
5.0 : Huckaby was a great professor. He does at times tell long stories, but they are usually directly related to the content. It was one of my more memorable  classes because of the way he enriched the content with real life experiences. He is a really inspiring guy.
5.0 : Starting out, he was being ran by the department staff. He didn't have his own quizzes or tests. He is an amazing professor once he was given a chance. Made the semester work for everyone!  Willing to help you in any way he can. Uses a Panapto to lecture on the days classes were cancelled.  Great guy! Take his class!
4.0 : He is very helpful and will give detail reviews of every quiz and tests before you have to take them.  He was very lenient on grading because this was his first semester teaching and he was not allowed to make up his own slides or test.  He is very personable and more than willing to answer any questions. I would definitely recommend him for PY201
4.5 : I enjoyed his class! He is really funny &amp; amazing. During his lectures he tells the class what's important &amp; what will be on the quizzes. If you havehad a problem takingaccessing the online quizzes you can definitely count on him to be there for you. He'll either extend the time frame or allow you to take it in person beforeafter class.
5.0 : Great class.  Professor Stott really knows her stuff and makes it really interesting and funny.  I am planning on studying in Germany for a semester because of this class.
5.0 : I am loving this class :) !! Dr. Stott is a fantastic lecturer.
5.0 : Professor Stott is an awesome lecturer! She really cares about the students and will spend the extra time with you to get you to understand the material.  I am speaking way better German than I had ever thought!  She is also hilarious and has a great time in class.
4.5 : I did not know any German going in and I LOVED this class. Frau Stott is super fun and hilarious  and lectures were informative and memorable. There is online homework due before almost every class, but it usually has unlimited attempts so as long as you do it you're good. Oral exams will go fine as long as you prepare with props or pictures.
4.5 : AWESOME TEACHER, AWESOME CLASS. I was a Freshman going into her first semester in a 102 level versus 101 level. She was super helpful and gave phenomenal feedback. She was hilarious and was able to get really close to our entire class without getting into our business. We ALL loved her and I never made below an A on an essay. Sticks to syllabus. :)
4.5 : Awesome teacher.  Really loved her class.
4.5 : Really cool, down-to-earth teacher. She knows what she's talking about and her teaching style seemed to fit just about everyone in our class! Definitely recommend her to anyone taking Freshman Composition.
4.5 : He was my FYE teacher and he is by far the best teacher you can have for this class. No group projects and doesn't keep you any longer than necessary. He is a great man and will literally do everything in his power to get you to pass. Loved him.
5.0 : This man is a good teacher; but he's harsh when it comes to grading.  You have to go out of your way to make the project steady and sturdy or you'll set your hopes too high. You have to really work at it. This man knows his stuff; but makes you know stuff too. Good luck working in the woodshop and good luck getting your grading hammered. Yippee....
4.5 : Such a great teacher. I was expecting something different out of 3D design but in the end I'm glad I took his class. He is very helpful and gives great feedback. I would highly recommend for anyone interested in expanding your art knowledge.
3.5 : Great teacher.  Wasn't exactly the class I expected when I walked in, but I learned a lot.
4.5 : Really good professor, but makes you work for your grade. He gives no extra credit and does not curve. His lectures are informative and he works lots of examples. If you have questions on the homework, ask in class and he will explain UNTIL YOU UNDERSTAND. Final and midterm 33% each. Final project was rough because he wants you to figure it out.
3.5 : Her tests are hard, but they are EXACTLY like the homework. Do the hw, understand the hw, and you will pass. She gives a lot of extra credit opportunities in class, so go to class even though she won't require it. She gives partial credit on tests so if you don't understand something from class, go to her office hours and she will help you.
5.0 : Professor Devlin was a great instructor. If you had a good foundation in Stats I and II, her MSC 385 should be no problem for you. Do the homework, show up for class, review the practice tests, and be sure to ask questions if you have them and you should make an A. She's very helpful if you go to her office or if you email, so ask for help!
1.0 : The WORST professor at UAH. She is air headed and loses people in lecture because she can't tune into her students. She gives EC, but I don't judge a class on EC. She leaves out entire portions of the test and leaves the classroom, and if you can't figure it out and before she comes back to, you miss that portion. Btw I have a 3.93.. for now.
4.0 : Her tests are incredibly clear as to what will be on them. She will never make you memorize formulas, just expect you to know how to use them. She gives half a point for every problem you attempt. There are lots of extra credit opportunities in the class as well. Her test avgs are usually in the mid 80s. I have a 102 in her class myself.
4.0 : She does a really good job of explaining and making sure everyone understands. The tests are very similar to the homework and study guides. She gives several opportunities for extra credit.
5.0 : Great instructor. Teaches the concepts without overcomplicating. Tests and homework are very fair and similar to each other. She is generous with partial and extra credit. She structures the class so the workload gets lighter towards the end to counter all your other classes. Highly recommend for this class! She's also pretty cute ;)
5.0 : Very straightforward class with a very straightforward grading criteria.  She's very forgiving with her grading and her tests are all similar to each other.  She really takes the time to make sure everyone understands the content; very easy to ask questions in class.  She hosts review sessions before each test and uploads a recording on canvas.
5.0 : If you pay attention to the lectures and know how to use the formulas, then you will be fine. Her tests are exactly like her homework, just with different numbers. I made over a 100 in her class. She has a bonus question on every test and some other extra credit opportunities.
4.0 : I enjoyed my online class with Dr. Devlin. Unfortunately I had a serious illness in the family this semester and because of which I was late with 2-3 assignments. She was very kind and considerate and allowed me to turn them in late. The only critique is that our assignments took a long time for her to grade. I recommend Dr. Devlin.
3.0 : This was the hardest class I've taken at UAH. The material appeared to be easy but the quantitative portion was hard. Her lectures do not cover everything you would need to know to complete your HW correctly. She is helpful outside of class tries to make sure everyone understands. Hard tests and you only have 3 tests, 3 HW. She does extra credit.
5.0 : Decent class. Took as a graduate/undergraduate hybrid, which was kind of irritating but not the professor's fault. Lectures got a little boring, but she was good about explaining the material and answering questions in class or by email. Did not grade tests too strictly. Homework is difficult and time consuming. HW grading seemed inconsistent
5.0 : Great professor. He made the class simple but you have to stay focused and dont get left behind. Lots of reading to do but in parts. I would take him again.
4.0 : Very Clear on what she wants you to know for Test. Must attend lectures. Very well put together class and grading system.
4.0 : I had him his first semester teaching.  You could tell that he was a bit rough on the edges-he completely changed his grading breakdown near the end of the semester.  That being said, he was incredibly fair, a decent lecturer, and all around made you respect him.  And, he has a tattoo of pi on his arm.  I think he will make a good professor.
3.0 : Dr. Nale is very laid back and super nice. He will help if you ask for it but you need to come to class to do well. He is fun to listen to with a good sense of humor. Love him!
5.0 : Dr Nale is a great professor! He has super interesting lectures and is very responsive to questions both in and out of class.   He has a pet lobster which he loves to talk about. He gave me some extra credit for asking about his pet lobster.
5.0 : Hands down the best college professor I've ever had and that's saying something! Smart, funny, helpful and entertaining. However, you've gotta show you care and come to class. Not that he shows any favoritism, but he's more likely to help you out when he sees you working hard and doing the reading. Take good notes. Always take online exam in class!
4.0 : I didn't think I would love ethics but I did, probably due to Dr. Nale. Tends to ramble a bit but can hash out Kierkegaard for the novice. Pretty legit - and probably better in upper division classes. Go to office hours, I swear it helps.
4.0 : Need to go to class to do well. Had him for intro to ethics as an engineering major and made above a 100. Easy class as long as you attend class. Exams are online and he will help you if you attend class the day he assigns the "test collab day". No reason to not get an A in this class.
3.5 : Dr. Nale is a great teacher! He is a relatively easy grader, but his assignments do make you think (in a fun way). Loved his class!
4.5 : He lets you know what's expected to make an A, so follow his directions. You can miss class, but not too many. The readings are dull, but a lot of the in-class assignments depend on them.
4.0 : Dr. Nale is hilarious. While the topic can be confusing at times, he really tries to go over it until everyone understands. He does collaborative exams in class, and you can ask for help, so there's no reason why you shouldn't get a good grade. You do need to do the readings to have a decent understanding of the material, though. Would take again.
5.0 : John was a great professor. He knows that most people in the class are not philosophy majors and tailors the lectures to that. Allows students to work together, look at notes, and ask questions on all assignments, including tests. Class is interesting and engaging, even for those who don't really like philosophy
5.0 : John Nale is hilarious. One of those professors you want to be friends with outside of school. His class is super easy, but you do really learn the material. The only thing this class takes out of your time are a few readings here and there and a few essays. Tests are COLLABORATIVE and OPEN NOTE. Take notes during lecture - this is how you'll pass.
4.5 : I had him for Ethics &amp; the lectures were always really confusing but he helped to breakdown what the main content was. Had online quizzes that we could take twice so you can see what you got wrong, and take it a second time &amp; get a 100%. Super chill. Show up to class &amp; you'll do fine. Textbook is needed for the readings but u can share with someone
4.5 : I had him for Ethics &amp; the lectures were always really confusing but he helped to breakdown what the main content was. Had online quizzes that we could take twice so you can see what you got wrong &amp; take it a second time &amp; get a 100%. Super chill. Show up to class &amp; you'll do fine. Textbook is needed for the readings but u can share with someone.
2.0 : Mr. Nale is very laid back, and as far as I know, attendance is not mandatory. However, if you miss an assignment and contact him, he will not help you. He will not tell you the topics discussed nor give you any missed worksheets. Make friends in the class who will help you if you plan on missing days. All of his tests are online, which was nice.
5.0 : Took him for PH101 and loved him! Such a great teacher and gave all of us extra credit at the end of the semester. Also, if you go to his in-class tests rather than taking them at home (he gives take home tests), he gives you all of the answers!
4.0 : Professor Nale is great.
4.5 : He's the best professor for English, he is always easy to talk and will be always there when you need him.
5.0 : Going to Dr. Berry's class twice a week was the best part of my school week. Easily the favorite professor that I've ever had! He treated you like a human, answered any questions and gave real advice. He cares about his students. Work is easy, but he expects it to be done and done well. Wish he taught more courses that were relevant to my degree.
4.5 : One of my favorite classes that I took. He made EH102 engaging with our in-class discussions. He expects you to do your work and do it well. I wish he taught more classes that went toward my degree. - 1/3 from the trinity (Dr. Berry you know who we are)
5.0 : She's a good teacher. You have to work at it because she knows what she wants and you have to figure out how she wants it. I had fun in her class. I ended up with a B.
4.0 : She really likes her job. She seems to have her lessons down to a tee. Her tests are fill in the blank, but if you write down extra definitions that weren't on the test, she will give you extra credit. She keeps you interested as much as she can. Some of the content can be boring. I went into this class expecting to do some acting. You don't. Sorry
4.5 : if you love theater- this is a good class to start at to make sure that's what you want to do if you want an entertaining, energetic proffessor, she is that do not expect an easy, people said that it was harder than their physics classes
4.0 : This class actually requires a bit of work, but isn't too hard. For the project, I recommend volunteering in a theater. The tests are strictly recalling information she gives you during the review. The tests are fill in the blank, so you have to study the information. Binge studying the night before worked for me though.
3.0 : If you're just trying to get a fine art credit, take a different teacher! She treats this class like you're majoring in theater. You can't just wing it on her test and quizzes. Everything is entirely fill in the blank with no word bank. As a level 100 class, I feel like she's a little extreme.
5.0 : Karen has a sarcastic sense of humor and often rubs students the wrong way, but she is THE MOST CARING professor I have ever had the pleasure of working with. She gives her students everything they need to succeed. Show up, read the book, do the work WITH EXAMPLES, and you will get an A. Outstanding professor.
5.0 : Easiest class ever. She kinda takes attendance, but not really. She gives so much extra credit and even told the class she wants everyone to do well. She makes everything super simple. Easy A, class is a joke.
4.5 : I have taken 5 classes with Jill, and hope to take at least 3 more. Jill provides daily constructive feedback, suggests inspirational imagesresearch based on your interests, encourages experimentation, and pushes her students to be bold, expressive, and boundarylimit shattering. Jill cannot read minds, but she will help those that ask for it.
4.0 : Great teacher and great clinical professor. Tests are hard and she gives great feedback. If you follow her lectures closely you can get an idea of tests, they are broad and cover a lot of material. It is a hard class and clinicals can be fun.
5.0 : Dr. Simon is one of my favorite professors and actually made classes enjoyable with his quirky humor and creative examples.
3.0 : His lectures only seem loosely based on the readings and he repeats material often. I'm a chronic note-taker and rarely took notes in his class. The summaries due every week are easy though. My biggest gripe with the class is mandatory attendance given that his slides are more informative than his lectures.
5.0 : Great instructor. He made the class interesting.  I would take this class and any class he taught. Expect chapter summaries on books that are not that good. A chapter summary summaries are due daily, and play a big part in your grade. Two tests, midterm and final. Also have a 5 page research paper due at the end. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
2.0 : Interesting guy for sure. Unfortunately he gets off topic a lot and often times does not cover material. He rescheduled our debate date several times and then left that day right before class, asking us to video tape it.  He asks a whole lot of a 100 level class, homework assignments every week and lots and lots of reading.  Too much for 100 level.
5.0 : Dr. Simon is one of a kind. His grading is black and white. Follow what he says about assignments to a Tee.  Don't be afraid to email him if you need help.  If he repeats himself in class write it down because it will probably be on an exam. You will have 13 summaries due during the semester. One every week. Make sure you read.
1.0 : He could be a great teacher if he would stick with what he says. He is unclear on what he wants, and he asks for a summary for every chapter read, and he ask for lots to be read. I made a 89.7 in his class and he gave me a B+. I never missed a class and tried my hardest-still could only pull a B in there. I hated the class.
4.0 : It was overall a really good class. My only problem was the group project at the beginning of the semester that accounted for 20% of the final grade. My group got a low B on it and I spent the rest of the semester trying to get my grade back up.
5.0 : It was a very informative class. It is hard to get bored during his lectures if sociology interests you as he is very animated and funny. There were some fun discussions and it was easy to get at least a B. The only homework was just reading. Pay attention to the lectures or you are going to be lost on his quizzes.
5.0 : Dr. Simon is an animated and enthusiastic lecturer. While the workload for his courses is challenging and intense it will make you more literate and improve your writing skills. His classes may not be for everyone but I am a better student for having taken his class.
5.0 : Small class, good times, the discussions can get a little out of hand sometimes.
5.0 : He's hilarious, upfront, and blatant in his lectures. He'll give you all the information you need,  he's animated and excited about what he teaches and gives good home-life analogies. There's a bit of reading he'll want you to do -It's not usually totally necessary- but the class is just fun in general. Tests are fair and he's an excellent teacher.
5.0 : Great class but gives tons of homework. The homework helps your grade if you don't test well.
4.0 : Dr. Simon was a good teacher, but gets off topic sometimes. Theres a quiz almost every other day, but if he notices the class struggling on them then hell make it obvious what the answers are during lecture. Hes really open to comments and ideas, even if theyre wrong or make no sense.
4.0 : Not interested in sociology, but his lectures made the class engaging. There were a couple of extra credit opportunities. No textbook. Attendance is necessary in order to do well on quizzes and tests because some information will not be on the powerpoints on Canvas. He also discusses what he expects on the quizzes. I recommend his class.
5.0 : Very great at explaining what we need to know and how we can craft our homework. I recommend to all.
4.0 : HE is very passionate about his subject matter, which makes him an excellent instructor.  His lectures are very straight forward and easy to follow, with plenty of live class examples.
5.0 : Interesting class if you're into networking. He'll tell you exactly what will be on the quiz for the next class. Most of the answers are from his power points, but some can be from examples he uses in class. Pay attention and you definitely won't have a problem with his quizzes. His study guides for exams are a little ADD, but cover everything.
5.0 : Class was fun, lots of material but the material is easy. Had a class-wide security Capture the Flag game for the heck of it. Show up to class, listen, and at the end Mr. Jones will give you an outline of what is on the quiz. Lots of quizzes, and almost half of them were dropped.
5.0 : Instructor really knows and enjoys material. I really liked the capture the flag and the examples of attacks with tools. Also liked that we got to actually try the tools out for ourselves.
4.0 : Class was hard, but he's nice to look at ;)
5.0 : Josh is an excellent teacher who really knows his stuff. Network security was very in depth and practical.
5.0 : Probably the best class I took so far. Josh really knows his stuff and I liked the way he presented the material. There's a quiz almost every week, but they're super easy and he drops several of them. Labs, hw, midterm, and final were all a piece of cake. Definitely recommend this course with him, even if you're not interested in cyber security.
3.5 : He knows the material. He does tend to rush through lecture material although he takes time to answer questions. Tests are very fair. 15 quizzes and he drops the lowest 10 quiz scores.
5.0 : Although it was his first semester teaching. He was an excellent professor. Very clear lectures and he always answers any question. He makes the class interesting and sometimes gives extra information about the topics so the lecture doesn't get boring. He gives clicker quizzes but they were easy. In short, he was a perfect teacher.
5.0 : Very entertaining course! I always would dread English classes, but this class was the exception! Very unique approach to English! I loved it. Everyone I talked to was envious of me because of how cool this class was. This class helped me pace my writing, and work on things step by step. Great class and a great teacher!
4.5 : I took his EH 101 class and to be honest i didn't get what i thought i needed out of his class.   I believe much was in part due to faulty electronics and my learning style.  Now just after the first day im extremely excited.  The grading scale is a leveling system and to rank up you unlock achievements.  Very cool, will recommend!
4.0 : Awesome class, funny teacher
5.0 : Literally the best English teacher I have ever had! She is very understanding if you can't turn in an assignment on a given date. She also loves to hear your opinion in class. Overall, love her.
5.0 : She is really a nice teacher. She really cares about her students. If you pay attention at her class and keep working on the problems, you will have an A in her class. Make never skip her class because you grade is depending on it.
5.0 : Probably the best undergrad teacher I have ever had, she cares about the student's success, but don't take her for granted. Her tests will make sure you studied and went to class, and she will take attendance.
5.0 : Dr. Pour is one of the best professors at UAH. She cares about the class very much, and wants every student to grasp the concepts of the class. She posts all lecture notes onto canvas from class. Be sure you pay attention in class, because she does go kind of fast. The final was worth 40%, so make sure you know your stuff going into the tests.
3.0 : Lectures go fast, but she posts both powerpoint slide and in-class notes so you can reference them later. There is a homework assignment and quiz about every other week. She will never make you memorize an equation so you get note sheets for every quiz/exam. Not easy, but straightforward and a good professor.
5.0 : Dr. Pour hasn't been at UAH for long, but she was my favorite professor of the semester.  Very kind, intelligent, and cares about students.  Has an accent, but she speaks very clearly and I understood everything she said.  If you ask for help, even during quizes and tests, she will do what she can to help.  Recommend her to everyone, but not easy.
4.5 : Her first semester at UAH. She is very willing to help you with anything that you need (in class or during office hours), even while taking quizzes/exams. Quizzes can be tough, but she allows a sheet of formulas. The tests (midterm - 30% and final - 40%) are long and hard. Most of us failed the midterm but were allowed to retake another one.
5.0 : Vincent Argentina is the greatest college teacher I've ever had. He's the only reason I've stayed at UAH. He's a rare gem at a place like that and I feel honored by being his pupil. He loves teaching, loves his family, and loves his students. He may grade a bit tough, but it's only to teach you how competitive animation can be.
5.0 : Vinny is a great teacher who tries to be as fair as he can. He always gives students the benefit of the doubt. He may be a little too lenient sometimes, but he's great overall.
5.0 : I loved it, I hated it, and then I wanted more. Doing character animation is difficult, but after a while your computer puppets feel more alive. It is an addictive work out. If I was to take Character Anim II, I would.
5.0 : Animation is tough. Get ready for work.
5.0 : he is the best teacher here at UAH and as long as you do your work you will pass the class. he will help you with literally any problem. he has even brought a few of my crashed projects back from the dead.
5.0 : He is the coolest and is willing to give you as much help as you could possibly need. He is a great teacher, very clear, and just fun to be around!
5.0 : Dr. Barnes wants her students to do well. Homework is not bad and a fair amount of time is given. If you study a little bit and attend class you should get an A. Tests are typically open book with a home-made page of notes and formulas allowable. HIGHLY RECCOMEND!
3.5 : Open book tests were helpful. Make sure you have an understanding of material before taking the test, though. In class worksheets, study guides, online quizzes were all helpful (for your grade and learning). Many of the test questions are the same as the ones on the homework, worksheets, and test reviews. Somewhat difficult to understand- foreign.
4.5 : I loved Ms. Barnes! I took her for a stats class and she made it easy to understand. She allowed our class to make one page of notes and use the book for tests. She does have an accent but don't let that keep you from taking her. She gives partial credit on exams and homework, and she will go over problems again if you ask her.
5.0 : Dr. Barnes is who you need to take for Stats. Her tests are not hard if you follow along in class and show up for the review. There is hardly any homework either. She drops the lowest test grade too. Her lectures may be boring, but Stats isn't very interesting to begin with.
4.0 : She is a very nice and helpful professor. She will work with you have trouble in her class.
3.0 : Dr. Barnes does a lot of reading off the slides, but she also does a lot of working examples. If you come to class, you pretty much learn what you need to learn, but you HAVE TO DO THE HOMEWORK. If you don't practice, expect to do poorly on exams. She allows you to use your textbooks on the exams, so you just have to know how to use the formulas.
4.0 : Took Dr. Barnes for Business Stats 1 as a mini over the summer. Three tests, all open book (yes, even the final), and the final wasn't comprehensive. Homework is optional, and points came from online quizzes, exams, and attendance. Very easy, even in a compressed minimester, just gets easy to get distracted during a two hour lecture.
4.0 : Great professor. Hottest teacher on campus.
5.0 : Her class is one of the best I've taken. She's so clear on what material you will be tested on and is sure to make sure everyone understands the material before moving on! Overall a great teacher. Show up to class and pay attention, and you'll make an A. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT.
4.0 : Good teacher, lecture is mostly her reading slides and working through problems.  Slides are laid out well, though, and as long as you keep up with everything the class isn't too bad.  Final was take home!  Mid-term had some surprises on it and was a little tough.  HW took awhile to do as well. Great for on-line class.
5.0 : Super easy class. Maybe Maths is something for me but she makes it as easy as it could be for other students.
5.0 : Dr. Barnes breaks everything down to a level that anyone could understand, even if you are not good at math. As hard as I heard statistics is, she definitely has eased my mind. The test are open textbook. You are not required to have the textbook, but it makes the test a little easier on the concept part. She does take role every day.
3.0 : Decent teacher, speaks quietly, goes directly off of slides but allows a front and back cheat sheet and open book on all tests.
5.0 : She definitely has an accent, but you can still pass the class even if you don't listen to a single word she says. The tests are all open book and the online homework is easy. I have taken her twice with an A both times.
5.0 : She's really great, she takes attendance but she really only reads off slides (unless someone asks a question). You have access to these slides so if you have to miss it wont hurt you very bad. Pretty easy if you understand the material.
3.0 : It's a pretty consistent class. Expect what's on the class exercises and homework to be on the test, or at least something similar. She gives partial credit during tests. If you're making an effort, you should have at least a B.
5.0 : She is by far one of the best professor's. Although she has a strong accent she allows u to have notes and open book for tests. Going into the class I was very nervous, but she made it very easy. If you don't understand something in the class she will not move forward untill u get it. She cares about your understanding.  She wants you to grow.
5.0 : Great professor.  All examples in class mirror the test 100%.  Homework is easy to make good grades and pads your grade.  All tests are open book/formula sheet.  She will work with you in case of missed assignments, and is very helpful outside of class.  Definitely recommend Ms. Barnes for anyone, especially those dreading Statistics.
5.0 : Loved Mr. Barnes! By far one of the best and nicest professors I've had at UAH. She is extremely pleasant and a fair grader. It's hard to imagine anyone not passing her class. Highly recommend this professor.
3.0 : She has a thick Slavic accent, which makes it difficult to understand her. But she does a good job writing everything you need to know on the board. Due to the material being straight from the book, you can self-teach yourself the material and make an A (I highly recommend this). She drops lowest test score, even the final exam!
4.0 : If you're dreading statistics, you should take Dr. Barnes. Her class is straightforward and the tests are open book and open notes. Class attendance is a must. She takes attendance every class for credit. I'm intimidated by math and I made a solid "B" because she made the material understandable. She's also one of the hottest professors on campus.
4.0 : Loved her, but the class was difficult. Lots of memorization, especially when it came to the diseases. Gives homework that's pretty easy &amp; one pop quiz per exam, usually occurs on the last lecture day before the exam. Gives a study guide that is super helpful for the exams &amp; tells you if the topic is multiple choice/T-F/short answer or discussion.
4.0 : This is a tough class but homework is 20% and easy to get full credit on. Also lab is 30% and it is not too hard to do well in there. There are 5 tests that make up the rest of the 50%. Going to class is important. Her tests have multiple choice, short answer, and case studies. The first test was hard because I did not know how her tests worked.
5.0 : Not only is Mrs. Baginski the best teacher I have ever had, I do believe that she is the best person I have ever met. She is kind and caring and she genuinely cares about everyone. She wants to help you and she cares about being there for you. I love her so much. If Mrs. Baginski taught a class about potatoes, I would take it.
5.0 : Ms. B is the best instructor at UAH. I've had her for several classes. She is clear, concise, respectful, and she really wants each student to succeed. Be prepared to work hard: she is not a wishy-washy grader, she expects you to know and apply what you've learned. If you genuinely want to be a nurse, she is the instructor who will get you there!
5.0 : Mrs. Baginski is a real gem! She truly cares for her students and wants to ensure the success of each individual. Out of the many professors of the first nursing semester she was in my top 3. She makes herself available outside of class if you don't understand something and makes expectations very clear.
5.0 : Patho is a very complex subject, but Ms. Dillard is very good at explaining physiological processes and the reasoning behind pathophysiology. Do your coursework, practice Evolve questions, and follow the instructor's syllabus and you will do well. Be prepared to work hard in this class, and make sure you read your assignments on time.
3.0 : Mrs. Dillard is one tough cookie. She really cares about her students and sometimes her "caring" comes off a little harsh. She doesn't put up with any BS and is the most demanding of the 3 professors that teach patho. She is very passionate about patho and the success of students. She offers chances to improve grades, she is tough but pretty fair.
5.0 : Dr. Hubbell is my favorite professor at this UAH. He is willing to help out and he made me want to learn. He is the funniest professor and I was excited to go to his class each day (Monday &amp; Wednesday). He follows his syllabus very well and provides great feedback for each of the few essays you will write. HIGHLY recommend!
5.0 : He is an amazing teacher, not afraid to test boarders. He is hilarious and all you have to do is put in average effort. Easy to talk to. I took his 102 and the subject was one I did not agree with, yet he made me love it. Very passionate with his work, and knows how to connect with everyone, even the super technical kids. Great professor.
5.0 : One of the best English teachers I have ever had. The classes were short and a lot of fun. Only four papers with minor assignments during the semester. He is really funny and had me laughing from day 1. I would recommend this teacher to everyone who needs English 101 or 102. He is also willing to work with you, as long as you put forth effort!
5.0 : Absolutely great guy, offered an immense amount of help and was always available for assistance any time he was needed. Made class fun, and honestly greatly looked forward to his class even during the weekends.
5.0 : Dr. Hubbell is the best professor I have ever had. He is well  rounded on everything from science to math to English. He keeps class funny and engaging and I looked forward to this class 3 times a week even though I had him at 230pm on Friday. Awesome guy. YOU WILL PASS unless you literally do nothing. EASY A. Wish I could take again.
5.0 : Amazing, intelligent, laid back, caring, and hilarious.
5.0 : He knows everything. Any question you have he has a thorough answer that is usually followed by further information and back up. He loves to hear what students think and feel, so participation is recommended.
5.0 : He's so dorky and i love that about him. He's really funny and he makes essays fun! He's very easy going and easy to talk to. That's why I love him!
5.0 : Lots of papers and readings; you have to work for the grade. However, he's a pretty good guy, very interesting, hilarious, good feedback, etc. Lectures tend to be analysis of the readings, group work, or interactive activities.
5.0 : Various different papers, and you can't just mess around. He's a great teacher and very funny. I would recommend this class/professor to anyone.
5.0 : Great professor. He made what i assumed would be an awful class enjoyable. Also, expect lots of bad puns.
5.0 : Great teacher. He is really easy to connect with. He is vary fair with his grading. If you like nerdy references, he is the best. His papers do have longer length requirements than the other teachers, but his grading is much better than the other teachers.
5.0 : I loved his class. My biggest complaint was that we had to write four papers on one book but he is also a pretty easy grader.
5.0 : Great professor! Take her online class if at all possible. Don't let all the assignments scare you. It's not hard and you will likely get an A if you're willing to just do the work.
5.0 : She's an awesome professor and is willing to help in anyway she can. The only grades are online quizzes, 1 in class-writing assignment, a midterm, a final, and a research paper. She tells you exactly what is going to be on each test, you just have to study it.
3.0 : One of the easiest HY teachers at UAH. Online quizzes are guaranteed 100s. Tells you EXACTLY what is going to be on the tests, and doesn't care what you write about for the paper. Fairly boring overall, as even when she does discussions, it is based on the sources in the book, which generally don't cover the more interesting material.
4.0 : Dr. Mitchell is easy. Her online quizzes are easy and help you learn the material more than her in-class lectures. The only grades she has are online quizzes, a midterm, a final, and research paper. She tells you exactly what is going to be on each test, you just have to study them. However, it takes a while for her to grade your tests and paper.
4.0 : This woman is an awesome teacher. I had her for Two-Dimensional Design and Color Theory.  Craftsmanship is important; but if you work at it, you'll be fine. Be ready to discuss your paintings in front of the class. Presentations will happen. She is always available through email if you have any questions. I took this class and got an A. Fun class!!
5.0 : Aynslee is a wonderful teacher who does an excellent job at teaching the fundamental aspects of design and cares about her students' work and artistic growth. Plenty of time to complete projects in class, only had to work a few hours outside of class for each project. Highly recommend her!
5.0 : This class was super easy. I studied the night before or day of the quizzes and always made between a 95-110, since some of the questions were bonus questions. She put several pop culture references into her lectures to make them more interesting and understandable and she would often end class a few minutes early.
4.0 : Her class is very lecture heavy - it runs solely off PowerPoint slides which she posts online. Just study those before each quiz and you're good to go. She takes attendance randomly so it's best to show up to each class just in case.
3.0 : Although attendance is "mandatory," Dr. Zheng posts reviews online, so I just studied them and made 100s.  Easy, EASY A.  There are out-of-class research projects that you can participate in for 10 extra points, but I didn't do them.
3.5 : Not a horrible professor, but not the best either. She just goes through the slides in class, so although you don't NEED to show up for class, I'd recommend you do. She takes attendance as a grade. Also, she goes over things that are not in the slides that show up on the tests so it would be beneficial to at least show up and listen to the lectures
4.0 : This class was pretty easy. You can find her tests and quizzes from students who took the class previously, she doesn't change the questions much. No textbook for the class, all you need are the powerpoints she provides. No intense studying required. Attendance was taken randomly.
3.5 : Interesting class for the most part. She made it pretty interesting with her videos and getting everyone involved. All powerpoints are online and she gives study guides to help you out.  You need to go to class and take notes though otherwise you miss out on explanations that are usually on the tests. Very good professor though.
4.0 : Don't need textbook -slides are exact same.   She's super nice, but kind of dry. She has good stories, and she's super cute. She really like participation, and she's a fair grader. Plenty of assignments, but weighted fairly. Basically an HR class, so pretty interesting.
5.0 : Easiest class I've ever taken. I never came to class and didn't pay attention when I did. Very easy grader. Finished with an easy A+!!
4.0 : You have to do the reading but if you try you will definitely pass
4.0 : I love Mrs. Enfinger! She's super sweet. She gives as much extra credit as she can. What she writes on the board IS the test. Homework is light. Allows phones but if you suck in class then she will call you out. Don't talk in class. Just do the study guide and it's an easy A/B. Just apply some effort.  I'm taking for for Micro too! Would reccomend.
5.0 : Mrs. Enfinger is a gem. She actually teaches us the stuff we need to know for the exams. Economics was something I was nervous about taking, but she makes everything easy to understand. She is the nicest teacher I have ever had. She even takes the time to learn the student's names. Take her class.
4.5 : Great teacher. Tests are fairly easy if you pay attention and study. Her lectures are very clear and she is very nice.
4.5 : A very good teacher that knows what he is talking about. I went into this class not knowing anything about early world history and came out wanting to know more. He does give out a lot of homework but it only takes about 30 minutes to an hour to do. He is VERY enthusiastic and I promise that you will not fall asleep. Expect a good bit of reading.
3.5 : He's a great teacher. You can tell he really loves his job. He tends to ramble though. You take a quiz and a writing assignment each week. Not too bad though. Totally manageable.
3.5 : He is a very passionate, good teacher. Only annoying part is all the group work. I'd rather hear a lecture than do all his little assignments
5.0 : This has been one of the coolest classes I've ever taken. I'm working on my third degree and Dr. Hawkley is one of my top three professors of all time. He makes sure the students feel ownership of their learning, his enthusiasm is infectious, and he's incredibly supportive and helpful. No tests here, but he REALLY makes sure you know your stuff!
5.0 : Dr. Hawkley is the best professor I have had so far. I walked in to history expecting to just get through the class, and it ended up being the best class I have ever taken. He really loves history and makes his students want to learn about history as well. Would most definitely take again!
3.5 : Awesome teacher who really enjoys what he does. If you like history, you won't mind the class at all. He's very down to earth and cares deeply about his students but isn't a pushover. Gives tedious homework though.
4.5 : He will tell you that class is optional &amp; you will still pass but if you go to class he gives a lot of extra credit. His lectures are entertaining. His test come straight from the textbook ONLY, not the slides, so read every single chapter he tells you and know the definitions. The group project is fun. Not tough grader on it if you put in effort.
5.0 : The only grades in Strategic Compensation are the tests. If you study for them, you will pass. His class was optional and he posted a video of the lectures online, so I could just watch them from home and take notes from there. He is really nice and likes a good class discussion.
2.5 : Mr. MacKenzie was a good teacher, although he didn't really lecture us he did expect us to read and take a online quiz before each class. There was no homework, and the exams were tough. We had no study guide, but he was willing to help us from day 1 as long as you went for help. He does give extra credit, and he didn't take attendance but he use 2
4.0 : It was an easy class that got me involved with on campus groups and activities at UAH.
4.5 : Easy A. You have to be really lazy to have not made an A in his class. The questions on the tests come straight from the slides so if you simply spend a couple hours looking them over before the exam you will do fine. He is very willing to answer questions and gives suggestions for the group project. Easy grader. Sap was simple stuff. Take him
4.0 : Dr. Barnes loves teaching. He is easy to talk to. I would recommend his class. Be prepared to do assignments every week. It is not hard; but if you missed assignments, you can't make up the grade.
5.0 : Took 5-week summer course. Self-paced and easy to follow. Don't wait and slack off, as it includes reading a novel &amp; several chapters of the text, plus viewing long lectures. But, if you do everything that is assigned you should have no problem. SAP is easy but long. Prof esp. good at communicating, genuine, &amp; super smart!  P.S. Watch your grammar.
5.0 : Had him for a 4 hour class through the summer and he did his best to make it go by fast. The lectures are long, but the tests come straight from the slides so there's really nothing to worry about. He makes it as easy as he can on you, and you would have to try extremely hard to fail
4.5 : Although the lectures were long, and his voice was monotone he was a wonderful teacher. He helped when you asked. If you didn't do so well on your exams he helped you understand to do better. I didn't pass any of his exams actually. The group work was plenty and the SAP stuff was easy!!
4.5 : This class consists of a mid-term exam and a final. There is one group project which is easy and only takes about a week to do and then there is an individual project which is time consuming but spread out into different sections that are due each week. She makes HR interesting and is always helpful and clear with direction.
5.0 : I REALLY enjoyed her class!  She made HR so interesting. Her class is extremely easy if you just go to class and listen to her. She gives you a study guide(study it). Her class consists of  two easy group projects,2 or 3 exams, and one pop test(easy). If you can take her class!!! UAH needs more teachers like her.
4.5 : Professor Hardin is super clear in his lectures and gives lots of examples that you are encouraged to follow along with and do yourself. Homework is not too hard and if you meet all the criteria you can get a 100 without much difficulty. I had some familiarity with C++ going into his class and it was no problem. Fair but generous grader.
3.0 : Confusing structure, not clear on what to include in papers
5.0 : Overall, a cool teacher. She makes things easy to understand, is very approachable, and she makes herself available. She likes it when you participate in class, and attendance is part of your grade. Great teacher!
5.0 : Great teacher. Super easy and clearly tells you what she expects from a paper.
3.5 : She was a tough grader.
4.0 : Had this teacher for my first semester back to school after being out of school for some time. He seems to know the material very well, but doesn't teach it quite as well as he could. He was lenient on test grading when discrepancies arose, and held study sessions in addition to normal class times. Overall, he's a pretty good professor.
5.0 : A positive shining light of a human being.
5.0 : Ms. Doty's class was a TON of fun. I learned a lot about sound and the technology of music, and did a lot of great projects. The homework is often a couple weeks in the making, and usually consists of you creating a composition with sound effects. Put enough time into it and use your imagination, and you'll do fine in the class.
5.0 : I love this woman. She is a total hippy with enthusiasm for the theatre and brilliance to share. Take her classes!!!
4.0 : This class is very easy. I just had to show up each day before the test, and get the answers for the tests.
5.0 : Ms. Lanz and Ms. Davis taught Pharmacology together, and they make a superb partnership. Ms. Lanz sincerely cares about the students, she is approachable, and is willing to explain anything that is unclear. Pharmacology is a complex subject, but Lanz broke the subject down into manageable, bite-sized pieces.
4.0 : Super hilarious and caring professor. Clicker questions were abundant, but some went towards extra credit. There are tons of extra credit opportunities, so it's hard to make a bad grade in his class. Really fascinating material taught by a brilliant professor. If I were a science major, I'd look into taking him again!
5.0 : AST106 isnt necessarily easy, but there is soooo much extra credit opportunities, passing should be given. If you dont take advantage of all the extra credit, theres something wrong with you...
4.0 : Attendance is based on whether you answer the clicker questions. He's super friendly and very smart (PhD from Harvard!) but there is a bit of a language barrier as he speaks with a pretty thick accent, though he is mostly fluent in English. Homework is all online. Very clear about what is on tests. You will learn a lot if you pay attention.
5.0 : Lots of extra credits if you pay attention, answer emails super fast, online homework and easy to get extension, generally clear lectures, clicker Qs with discussions, can learn a lot if you go to classes, he is sometimes a little sassy but it's alright.
4.0 : Easy A. As long as you show up to class and understand the context the test come easy. There is extra-credit through the entire class, please take advantage of it. Would take again.
5.0 : This class is offered to both science and non-science students --- people taking it because they have to vs people taking it because they want to. Overall Dr. Sun did a good job to engage both groups and keep them in the class. It must be very interesting for space enthusiasts and astrophysics major. I think A is easy as long as you do labs, on-lin
4.0 : Very long and boring class. Won't give extra credit.
5.0 : Welsh is a solid lecturer who has a lot of practical experience in the field. She is very helpful, very clear, and her tests are manageable if you go to class and study the slides.
3.5 : A solid professor. A is manageable, B should be pretty easy, and passing should be a breeze.
3.5 : Dr. Ligrani was a good professor overall. His lecture's were very well done except they were a bit all over the place. Homework is usually on a weekly basis and could take 2-3 hours per assignment. However, the homework was not graded thoroughly so it could be 'bs'ed if need be. Tests were similar to the practice exams he would give you.
5.0 : An excellent professor. His lectures are all over the place but explain the concepts very well. Lots of homework and he requires many specific steps, without which you will not get full credit. Tests were not overly difficult but still felt like a good representation of the class material.
5.0 : Great professor. Clearly knows what he's doing! Have problems: office hours!
5.0 : Good lecturer. really tries to engage the class with whats going on. gives extra credit chances on tests.
5.0 : One of the few professors who's truly passionate about what he teaches. His lectures are practical, engaging, and often hilarious. If you try, participate, and are actively involved, he'll move mountains to help you, even if you make a mistake or two as long as you learn from it. If you're an ESS major, he's also your adviser, so get to know him!
5.0 : If you care about the class and are interested (meteorology or not),  Mr. Wade will go out of his way to make sure you succeed. There were 3 homework assignments, 2 tests, and the final (which took me six minutes to complete.) The labs were relevant to what was lectured and simple to follow. The TA he selected was amazing!
5.0 : He is such an amazing professor! He really cares about the material and wants you to learn. He also teaches ESS 111. This class is slightly harder than that, but if you pay attention in class and do the HW questions and problems, you will do fantastic.
5.0 : This whole class is just lectures but it's okay because he's a great lecturer! I took him a few terms back and can honestly say he is one of the best of the best (and I am not an ESS major). Tests cover everything mentioned in class.
5.0 : Mr. Wade is absolutely passionate about what he teaches. This makes his classes interesting whether you're an ESS major or not. The tests are very straightforward (3 exams including the final) and he gives you all of the information that you need to pass them easily.
5.0 : Awesome Professor, will learn a lot. Gives grades for hard work.
5.0 : Awesome teacher! You can tell she loves what she does and is always willing to help. Learned a lot of important things that will be helpful in the real world.
4.5 : By far one of the best professors I have had at UAH. Always willing to help students and offer advice. This class does require a lot of time between homework and the project but it is doable. As long as you keep up with the lectures and homework you will be fine. I also liked his graded, half in class and half out of class.
5.0 : Prof Thygerson was totes cool. He wasn't the easiest class but def worth it.
5.0 : Good professor in IS 301
4.0 : Short lectures, generous amounts of time for class projects, and effective communication to help students find direction and create something good. Occasionally designates specific assignments to be completed outside of class, but most are in class. Only 2 vocabulary tests. A wonderful experience overall.
5.0 : Okay, so I loved his self defense so much, I took his jujitsu class later.  He's a great guy, and he will help you as much as he can if you ask for it.  The self defense class is incredibly helpful and teaches you how to protect yourself, not just how not to be attacked.  Totally focused on empowering you.  I absolutely love his classes.
5.0 : She is great. I earned a B but should have put forth more effort to boost my grade. It was a fun class and the detailed instructions were discussed in class and posted kn Canvad
5.0 : I really enjoyed this class because it is applicable to the real world. Thanks to Dr. Stancil's wealth of knowledge as an educator, manager, and journalist, I found her to be very resourceful.  She was fair and sticks to the rubric.  I am a communication major  and have now decided to focus on a career in tv  news. What an incredibly fun class.
5.0 : I enjoyed this class. It was very easy during the summer. She has detailed rubrics that help guide the projects and she is a fair grader
4.0 : Dr. Stancil makes CM 313 a straightforward class. We had four presentations and a multiple choice final exam. Following the grading rubric for your presentations, preparing for the final, and always showing up to class should give you an easy A. Don't expect help outside of class, but she will likely leave class time to answer any questions.
5.0 : I absolutely loved Ms. Cothren. I took her Butts and Guts class as well as Weight Training. She really cares that students are gaining something from the exercises and that they are doing them safely. There is one paper and one test, but it took a combined total of about 3 hours outside of class the whole semester. If you have to take PE, take her!
5.0 : Had her for Beginner's Tennis. Class was fun and enjoyable. Tests were take home and easy. Get to know the rules of tennis, different strokes, and how to serve by taking HPE153 :)
4.0 : Dr. Denton was a great professor. He went over the material very well. Even though his background isn't in Networking and Telecommunications, he did a good job of presenting the material to students. A lot complained that he gave too much material at once, but that is what you get when you sign up for a 5 week course.
5.0 : Fantastic professor. Cares about students' success. Understanding about illnesses &amp; personal issues. Funny sometimes. Knowledgeable in field. Tests are hard, but he gives partial credit on problems &amp; short answers. Only sporadically takes attendance. Also had him for IS 560; very different feel, lots of online quizzes and sims, mult. choice tests.
5.0 : Good professor. Had him for Telecommunications and Networking. Read the whole text book for class. There's a midterm and a final . The final was a little tough because it was comprehensive.
5.0 : Mrs. Crook is a good professor, and does really well breaking down the subject material. She isn't the harshest grader but doesn't just give points away. She grades attendance and drops one test grade, so overall a good professor.  Differential Equations
5.0 : Professor Crook loves math so much. She is so enthusiastic about math. As long as you study, do all the homework, and attend her lectures you will pass Cal B. Tutoring helps as well. She's straightforward and doesn't give you any surprises on the exams. She always does a review day before test day.
4.0 : Mrs. Crook is a pretty good teacher.  One negative thing that could be said is her partial credit grading is inconsistent.  Sometimes you will get a few points off for a partially wrong answer other times it will be much more.  She gives good and precise lectures though and really helped me personally understand math better than other professors.
1.0 : When you first met her, she is as nice as can be. After test 1 when she robs you of any point she could, you may not be so fond of her. She goes home attempting to heal the chip on her shoulder with a red pen.  I had to constantly keep on her to stop unfairly grading my assignments, routinely receiving 15-20 points back after charade of refusal.
2.0 : I made a 98 in Cal A and a 99 in Cal B both at UAH. I finished this course with a 85. Genevieve doesn't believe in partial credit. You miss a minus sign you miss the problem. She weights 20 percent of your grade on attendance, makes it a goal to learn your name and then gets personally offended if you don't come to class. Herlectures are depressing
5.0 : She's very passionate about math and holds extra office hours in the CU. She explains things very clearly and has OPTIONAL homework.  Tests were pretty easy and classwork was very helpful.
3.0 : You can tell that Mrs. Crook is very passionate about math and wants to share that passion. She works out several examples on the board and explains every step. However, she is a really, really harsh grader. She does give "partial credit", but hardly any. While I did about the same on all four tests, the grades varied greatly. Expect harsh grades.
5.0 : Her class was great. She explains everything really well. She does plenty of examples and only gives the easiest types of questions on tests. She grades a little more harshly since the questions are usually easy. Go to class and listen, and you will pass easily. Amazing teacher.
5.0 : Mrs. Crook was fantastic. I felt like everything was very clearly explained and in case you did not understand she had numerous office hours. She worked to memorize the students names and did many examples for every section so we all understood. She dropped the lowest test grade out of 5 and 2 attendances as well making this class wonderful!
5.0 : I loved Mrs. Crook. She is so sweet. Her lectures make things clear to understand (granted I already had Cal A before, but my friend had an awful math background and he understood it). She breaks down the concepts so you understand why you're doing what you're doing. The homework was due a week after the concept was covered and was usually easy.
5.0 : Dr. Crook is very good. No surprises on tests because she covered everything you needed to know. Usually each of her tests had a bonus problem worth 5 extra credit points.
5.0 : She is a pretty great teacher. If you pay attention in class, study the problems she works in class, and do your homework, the tests are easy. She has great office hours, and some of them are even in the CU by Dunkin Donuts.
5.0 : Dr. Haleem is the best professor I have ever had. I wish that he taught all of my classes. He is very caring and nice and is a very good lecturer. He makes Statics bearable and grades nicely. Don't expect an easy A, you still need to study, but he is the best professor you can get for Statics. He is the best lecturer I have ever had.
5.0 : Dr. Haleem taught my statics class and it was a wonderful experience.  He explained the material really well and answered questions thoroughly.  He uses only homework which can be frustrating but is a nice grade booster.  He grades very generously and all of his texts contain extra credit problems.  Really good professor that cares about students
5.0 : Possibly in the Top Five of all teachers I've ever had.  Very approachable and polite.  He has tremendous ability to teach in a classroom setting.  Able to quickly summarize a chronological approach of a complex problem without skipping steps or leaving any student behind.  A rare skill and wish he taught more classes.  Look for his classes.
5.0 : Great professor. Gave easy-to-follow examples, clear problem-solving steps, and practice problems/solutions before each exam. Online homework was every week or so. Each exam (for dynamics, at least) had bonus question(s) totaling 10 points that were relatively painless to obtain.
1.0 : Prof. Kirolos knows statics very well, and is an excellent teacher. I would give him an A+ except for the fact that his accent is unbearably heavy, making him impossible to understand through a microphone. I attended every class, and am fluent in three languages. I understood about one word out of 1000 that he spoke during lectures.
4.0 : This instructor made EH 300 an easy A class. Show up to class, participate, and do all the assignments. There is quite a bit of work, but it's evenly spaced throughout the semester. Stay on top of it and you shouldn't have any trouble. She looks for chances to give away points, so come to class and participate! I would recommend this instructor.
5.0 : Very friendly and supportive. Helps to encourage students to be more comfortable with their writing.
5.0 : Mrs. Norris is amazing. Patho is a hard class no matter what, but she will put things into a much easier way to understand. She is incredible if you are respectful, and show that you care. She will work one on one with you if you can't grasp the material as fast. No extra credit but that's the college of nursing as a whole. Amazing teacher for sure
5.0 : Dr. Hunter taught a few times in my class but she was so relatable and engaging when she did! She made our boring class much more enjoyable and would be fair about test information. She gives hints as to what will be on the test/what to focus more on and wouldn't try to trick us with any questions. Can't wait to have her again!
2.0 : I took Calculus A from Mrs. Popp, and I did not learn well from her at all; she moves so quickly through material, sometimes not even completing a question before moving on. I had no foundation for Cal B from Mrs. Popp's teaching.
4.0 : Popp's alright. She's pretty fast, but if you have questions, she's more than willing to answer. There's the occasional pop quiz, so don't get caught fleet-footed. Do the homework, stay on top of trigonometry and algebra, and you won't worry too much.
4.0 : Very by-the-rules. Teaches very well and clearly, homework is due within two days of her teaching a subject. You definitely learn your stuff - but she is hard and doesn't give much partial credit on tests. Very accessible outside of class.
5.0 : She did a great job with cal b. She could explain it and show it very well. Her tests weren't easy but she prepared us well for it. I would take again
5.0 : Katie K. Popp is one of the best teachers I have ever had. She is difficult, but knows how to approach topics in a clear, understandable way. She does not surprise you on tests and grades fairly (partial credit).
4.0 : Mrs Popp is one of the more difficult professors, but definitely fair and is willing to help
5.0 : Great teacher! Fun and humorous. Worked through many examples, making homework easy usually. Recorded all her lectures to Panopto in case we missed a day. Reviewed homework, had test prep days. Approachable outside of class. Gave a few nasty pop quizzes, but also had a few extra credit options to recover from those. Tests ok. Would take again.
5.0 : Great instructor! Funny enough to keep you focused on the lectures, which are also available on Panopto if you miss class or need to revisit them. Lots of opportunities for extra credit. Extremely helpful. Makes Cal relatively painless.  Be warned though: Pop quizzes may appear at the darnedess times.
3.0 : The workload is unimaginable, and you're expected to learn the material from outside sources or by yourself. The class felt extremely rushed and about half the students dropped it. Even for a math class, it was overwhelming and poorly organized. She's a good teacher, but her style is too fast-paced and methodical for an introductory calculus class.
5.0 : Outlines for each chapter, but they helped for the test. Worksheets in class, but not for a grade. Quizzes were super easy. Gives lots of extra credit. Easy to pass her class.
5.0 : Prof. White was a great choice for Cal A. He prepared all of his lectures beforehand and worked out several problems for each section so we would understand the material. He gave partial credit on all tests, and would give credit for a "continuous error" on tests so that if you made a mistake early you wouldn't be out all of the points. Take him.
4.0 : If you consider paper writing to be one of your struggles, Naviaux is the professor for you because she literally walks you through your papers step by step. She gives lots of feedback and is always available, so a B on every paper is achievable for every person if you put in the effort. Lots of little grades to pad your final grade,  though.
4.0 : Great English teacher! Completely fair, gives great feedback!
5.0 : Dr. Naviaux is a great professor! She is willing to work with you outside of class. She clearly defines her deadlines through her syllabus and sticks to them. Her grading rubrics are very clear and helpful when writing essays or working on group projects.
5.0 : If you don't like writing papers, get this professor. She is very lenient and will help you every step of the way. Grades mostly for content as long as you give evidence and support it. Easiest English class I've ever taken.
5.0 : Very knowledgable, give good feedback as well as answers all questions thoroughly
4.0 : He's a young guy that knows his stuff and is very enthusiastic about it. Not a hard grader, but a very good professor. Work hard in his class and you will learn a lot.
4.0 : I took sensei for 101 last semester and his amount of pop quizzes increased for 102. He's also super strict on Kanji so beware of that! Still lots of extra credit opportunities - if you paid attention in 101, 102 will be a breeze in terms of the oral exams and midterm and final.
4.0 : I love Hayashida Sensei! He's hilarious, and his class is pretty simple. He has a bit of a thick accent, but virtually everything he says is in the textbook. He grades your Japanese handwriting really roughly, though. So be weary about that. Tests are very easy, homework is always assigned way ahead of time. Definitely going to take again!
5.0 : Dr. Greene truly cares about her students and the material and will do what she can to help you understand. Tests were not easy, but she gave a significant curve and dropped lowest test grade. Show up to class, and take advantage of office hours if you need them and you will do well.
5.0 : She actually teaches the material and makes herself readily available outside of class if you have questions. She will work around your schedule if you need to see her. Her tests are structured a lot like the final. However, you must go to class and actually do the homework and STUDY if you want a good grade.
5.0 : Super nice and explains what you need to know.  Will answer any questions you have.  Makes herself available for help.  Builds in extra credit in all homework assignments and the tests as well.  If you participate (portion of your grade and attendance) and you do your assignments on time and get some extra credit, you will pass without issue.  A+++
4.0 : Study for the tests. The tests are everything.   Seriously though she does help you if she sees that you care about your own success. All you have to do is talk to her.
5.0 : She breaks the material down for you in the lectures, so it is easy to understand. I do recommend finding practice worksheets to do in addition to the online homework (there's not much homework.) She also records her lectures, so if you need to listen again, those are available. 5 out of 5 stars. Take her class! You won't regret it.
5.0 : Easy A. Just show up to class, answer questions (via clicker) in class, do the homework and you'll do just fine on the quizzes (most of the grade). She's also a great person, well respected, inspirational, informative, etc. If there are any problems, go to office hours, shes pretty flexible.
5.0 : While taking this lab, I could tell that Dr. Greene really loves her job, and she is always willing to make sure everyone understands.
5.0 : She responds very well to questions and truly wants her students to learn. 10/10. Take her class.
4.0 : She actually teaches the material, and you usually get out of class early. That being said, it's important to go to class because attendance matters and sometimes she will give extra credit to those who show up. Tests aren't too hard and they really help prepare you for the final.
4.0 : Dr. Greene is a great professor. If you need help outside of class, she is willing to work around your schedule to try to help you fully understand the material. However, if you do no pay attention in class or don't study for her tests, you will fail her tests and the final. Her tests prepare you for the final.
5.0 : Dr. Greene does a lot of lecturing with clickers for participation. There are nine quizzes instead of 3 or 4 tests which makes it a lot easier! If you are not doing to well on the quizzes, she will offer to help you one on one and is very happy to do so. There is homework due once a week or so. Really a great teacher! really recommend!!
5.0 : Great personality and jokes, magic tricks and stories made the lectures interesting and fun. I didn't learn as much as I could have, and he didn't have office hours for complicated questions, but accounting instructors like him are few and far between. I loved that class.
4.0 : He does magic tricks once every week that are very impressive. Very interesting person so you stay awake in class.
4.0 : Dr. Coby's class was not the easiest English class I have ever taken, there's a a lot of writing, but he's a great teacher. He outlines specifically for you how to structure your essays and teaches you strategies that will help your writing in other classes and for the rest of your academic career, would definitely recommend.
5.0 : Dr. Coby is honestly the best English teacher I've ever had.  He doesn't grade you based on participation, which is good for the socially anxious like myself, but solely on the effort you put into your work.  He structures his class not like a normal English Lit. course, but he chooses actual interesting texts to examine!
5.0 : When I found out about the group work we had to do, I was not excited for this class at all. I actually dreaded this class, but soon changed once I noticed how she really did care for her students. She always has such a positive outlook on things and was always so happy to see her students. I would take her again in a heartbeat if I could.
5.0 : Mrs. Hannah is such a great teacher! She explains everything perfectly! Her tests are so easy, all you have to do is study! I made an A on her first two tests without much studying. Also, she gives extra credit for volunteering for any in-class activity. I would recommend her to anyone.
5.0 : This is for her Psychology 101 class. She was so nice and involved the students in her lectures. Her powerpoint slides are accessible outside of class. If i could take her every year i would. Show up and participate and you will get an A.
5.0 : Get Professor Hannah if you can. She gives amazing lectures (they are super interesting), her tests are easy, and she really explains the material to where you remember it. She is the sweetest person; she learned everyone's name in my 96 person class. She does count off points if you consistently miss class or are late, so make sure to show up.
5.0 : Eryn Johnson is literally the best person in the whole wide world.
5.0 : I like this teacher
4.0 : She is a great teacher and is willing to help you as long as you are willing to ask and willing to participate in her class. She is generous towards grammar mistakes so if you are not too great in that area, this is the professor for you!
5.0 : Dr. Coby is funny and friendly and his lectures were interesting enough to hold my attention. This class was one of my harder ones because I hate writing papers, but as long as he could tell I put effort into my work, he graded generously. His class was a good mix of listening, participating, and working in small groups.
5.0 : Dr. Jim is one of the friendliest teacher's I've had the pleasure of learning from. Lectures were clear, and enough humor and discussion was added to make it interesting. Feedback was wonderful, and he was always willing to talk and be helpful. Highly recommend taking from him.
5.0 : He is such a great teacher! Dr. Coby wants all his students to succeed, and explains exactly what he is looking for. He personally gives you feedback on rough drafts of essays, which is extremely helpful. Also, he is such a chill dude.
5.0 : DEFINITELY take his class
5.0 : I would definitely recommend taking him as a teacher if possible. He's a great teacher and is very easy to talk to. It helps to meet with him before or after class and during office hours. IF you are going to miss class, do it because you're sick, and LET HIM KNOW WHY. He gives out a lot of extra credit if you volunteer for things.
4.0 : Good lecturer &amp; very passionate. Take notes on 1)**what he says** &amp; 2)the PPTs. Tests are a bit difficult, but if you pay attention &amp; study some you'll be fine. Theres a lot of hw &amp; a few papers -most of it isn't difficult, but can be time consuming. He's funny and can be a bit snarky if you're disrespectful or don't listen, but he's always nice!
5.0 : Dr. Baun is a great professor who loves what he does. He knows what he's talking about and makes the class interesting. There are two main papers and they need to be between 2-3 pages only. The tests are multiple choice with a 4 paragraph essay at the end on something he emphasized on in class. He also gives bonus opportunities for the tests.
5.0 : He clearly loves his job. He is a very easy-going and understanding person to talk to and work things out with. His teaching style may seem different than others, but it works for the class. Most lectures are open for discussion. PARTICIPATION is a major thing. He is a very laid back and fun guy.  He knows what he is doing. You will learn in class.
5.0 : Dr. Baun is a great professor. Best history class I've ever taken!
4.0 : Dr. Baun is very chill and knows his stuff. He presents material reasonably objectively and welcomes comments and questions. The class is pretty homework heavy. The assignments are usually fairly simple but can sometimes be time consuming, but are not usually difficult. Keep up with the homework and pay attention, and you'll do fine.
5.0 : Dr. Baun is a fantastic professor and individual. He grades very forgivingly, promotes discussions in the classroom, answers questions in involving and respectful ways, and delivers in the homework department. Hes always organized; stay on top of class work, and hes an awesome instructor. Best one I had for my first semester of college.
5.0 : He's the best professor I've ever had, hands down
5.0 : I don't even know where to start. Adam Bower is God's gift not only to freshmen but to the human race. He smells like a cool autumn breeze except for when he smells like warm spring breeze. He a possesses commanding presence and ability to empower others I can only compare to that of what I hear of George Washington. I feel like I could go on forev
5.0 : Adam was a fantastic professor. I took him my freshman year and I learned more than I thought I ever would. Would recommend.
5.0 : Professor Bower is God's gift to freshmen.
5.0 : One of my favorite profs. Dr. Messimer taught clearly, made sure everyone understood the material, graded fairly- with partial credit!, clearly expressed what would be on the tests and gave a cheat sheet for all the tests. Class was also hilarious. She has a dry sense of humor. Definitely take!!
3.0 : I hated this class. Grades are 2 tests and a final, and then 2 "special assignments" that are hw problems in group project form. Good news though, I got a 62 and 64 on the first tests, but she lets the final exam grade replace tests if you do better. So I ended up with a solid B.   She talks slow, but Panopto helps that (X2 lol). Don't skip.
5.0 : Great teacher. Not going to make you work harder than you have to, and she makes sure you know that. If you go to class and do the mymathlab assignments, the class is impossible to fail. She also teaches the content well, focusing on method and then explaining theory. Overall a fantastic experience
5.0 : She is hilariously sarcastic but never in a bitter manner. She talks with students in class and makes an effort to get to know them. One of the best math teacher's I've had at UAH. Tests are of moderate difficulty, but she gives quizzes and review sheets that mirror problems on the test. Usually, allows test corrections if test average is low.
4.0 : This is the best professor you can have to take for any university calculus course. She cares about her students and their grasp of the material. She is also very understanding if you run into difficult circumstances during the semester. She will make you work hard to get high grades, but she doesn't expect you to read her mind on tests.
5.0 : Awesome professor who cares not only about your grade, but you too. She is willing to work with you through anything and is an awesome teacher.
5.0 : The best math class I have had. Take her you won't regret it.
5.0 : Mrs. Dupree is wonderful! She is always willing to help as long as you put in the time and effort. She grades on a curve and gives you many opportunities to succeed. She expects you to come to class and put forth your best effort. Do your homework and study and you are sure to make a good grade.
5.0 : By far the best professor I've taken since transferring to UAH.  She give you every opportunity to pass her class. Don't need a book, her power-points and lecture notes are all you need. HW is on mymathlab, in which she doesn't assign a lot of it (9 question per section). I highly recommend talking one of her classes.
5.0 : She gives great lectures and makes class fun. Highly recommend her for Calculus C
4.0 : Very nice and helpful professor.
5.0 : Clear expectations and good lectures to prepare you for each paper assigned. Small amount of homework outside of class. Fair grading and good feedback on papers. She's a professional technical writer so she grades more technically which is good.
5.0 : Her classes are very interesting, coming from a nursing major. Your grade is determined by a few assignments; none are terribly difficult or time consuming. She can be a tough grader, but is very open to giving constructive criticism. I would recommend her to anyone. I have had her for 2 classes, and I wish I could have her for another.
5.0 : I LOVE DR. MARSCHALK. I am taking her for every English class I can. She is a fair grader, and does her best to make lectures as interesting as possible. She is willing to help with anything you need and gives clear instructions on each project.
5.0 : The class is required for honors students so there's no way around it. The only advice I have is to show up to class and keep up with group assignments. Overall I recommend taking her class.
5.0 : You will have to work for your grade, and you need to read every week to pass the quizzes, but class time itself is entirely discussion based. Participation in class can raise or lower your grade 3 points. A midterm, final, 1 paper, and 1 project. Difficult, but not impossible to do very well if you put in the time. Very engaging, loved this class!
5.0 : Loved this class. Hardly read the discussions and still made an A.
5.0 : Dr. M is absolutely amazing. Her lectures are basically class discussions and are actually INTERESTING. There's A LOT of reading with quizzes so definitely keep up.  I had a lot of personal issues this semester and she was extremely understanding of my situation. She even allowed me plenty of time to make up work. TAKE DR. M. She's awesome.
5.0 : Dr. Marschalk is an excellent English instructor. Shes willing to proofread her students papers and offers valuable constructive criticism. While her choice of reading reflects her politically-correct liberalism, I would consider taking one of her literature classes in the future. I strongly recommend taking Dr. Marschalk for English composition.
4.0 : Dr. M is a good english professor. Would sometimes try to guilt students for some minor things like not doing the extra credit assignment, but overall a good professor.
2.0 : Have to work hard for your A. She is accessible outside of class but gives meh feedback and is a harsh grader initially. And then by the end of the semester she gets much easier. Terrible with giving stuff back (expect maybe 3 weeks to a month). Just be nice to her and talk about Disney whenever you can.
4.0 : This class was better than I expected. The lectures were interesting and you have a lot of different assignments to keep your grade up. Dr. M only gave us 2 essays, and various other projects. She isn't an easy grader, but is very accessible to proofread your paper and gives good criticism. As long as you put in effort, your grade will be fine.
4.0 : She's overall a good teacher. She can be a little 'spacey' or something sometimes though and that makes it hard to follow her notes/lectures. I agree that her notes don't always follow the homework. Her quizzes/test come straight from the book/hw so if you do extra problems from the book there's a chance you'll see it on the quizzes.
4.0 : Overall, she wasn't bad at teaching the course. The homework didn't quite follow the lectures, but she was always willing to help. And the exams were based off of the homework, so they weren't too hard.
4.0 : The class has about 1-2 homeworks per chapter, 6 quizzes (1 per chapter), and a final (along with 5% of your grade for attendance). The quiz questions are very similar to the homework, but not necessarily what she goes over in class. The class is easy overall and as long as you pay attention a little and do the homework it's an easy A.
4.0 : Mrs. Allen gives an easy CS390 course. There are several projects designed to give you wide experiences with the UNIX family of operating systems. She is friendly and professional. She provides all her slides. Her exams are called quizzes, and they are easy and open book. You will need the book for some pieces of information, but not much.
5.0 : Great professor who really wants students to gain something from the class. He plans trips outside the classroom to make things more interesting and shows a more practically applicable side to engineering. Great guy! I highly recommend him!
5.0 : IF YOU'RE AN MAE TAKING THIS GUY FOR MAE 378, keep in mind that this class is TOTALLY different than any other MAE class you've taken. The actual quantitative, plug -it-into-this-equation type problems are a very small portion of this class. The material is not hard, there is just a lot of it and it can be tough to follow what you need to know.
2.0 : First year teaching and unlike the previous materials that taught things that were only in the book he would make us out problems with equations that weren't in the book. If you missed a class with this equations, then you would not have them for your test. Do good on the homework and you'll pass because he made it worth 40% of our grade.
5.0 : Great teacher, the most caring professor i have had. Not many people in college will try to make sure you learn something but this guy does. Tests are a little tough, but he is a gracious grader. Enjoyed the class.
5.0 : Homework was 40% of our grade, which definitely helps. His tests are rough but he is a super easy grader. He will help you with ANYTHING if you go to his office hours, he cares so much about his students and their learning. He tries so hard to keep the lectures interesting and he even took us on a field trip. Take this guy, you won't regret it.
5.0 : First semester teaching and he is wonderful. Very knowledgeable on the material. One of the best professors I've had. Wish he taught more classes I have to take. Take him before UAH converts him into one of the no-caring student destroying professors.
5.0 : Was one of the best professors I have had so far. Test material was difficult but he gives a lot of partial credit as long as you write something down for the answer. Do well on the homework and you will do well in the class.
4.0 : Very knowledgeable about the subject of teaching reading.  The projects are detailed and you need to follow the rubrics.  If you follow the syllabus expectations you will make a good grade.
5.0 : She is the sweetest teacher on campus! The papers are a lot of work, but shes super helpful with them. She really cares about her students and teaching reading.
5.0 : SO SWEET!!! The papers in the class are long and boring, but she isn't a hard grader. She gives study guides for tests and is VERY passionate about reading to children.
4.0 : I'm not certain if this is the case every time for every class, but he awarded extra credit for PASS attendance. I thought this was very helpful and thoughtful.
4.0 : He genuinely cares about you and wants you to succeed. Be sure to study for the tests, as they are weighed as most of your grade. Homework is mostly on mymathlab. He scales and gives some extra credit on tests and he is really good with responding to your emails. Really nice guy and a great communicator. He listens to anything anyone has to say.
5.0 : Amazing teacher. I have yet to meet a teacher who cares more about his students. I have a lot of trouble with calculus, but he made a very difficult class much easier. He is a firm grader though, but he's always available to answer what you did wrong.
5.0 : Awesome Professor! Dr. Greene's lectures cover all the material on her tests. Her class prepares you well for the ACS exam and as long as you follow her study guides and do the homework, you should pass.
4.0 : Greene is a solid teacher who I had for first semester gen chem. The tests are pretty hard, but go to the lectures to get the clicker points (which aren't hard questions) and study before the tests and you should be fine. Got a B+ without to much trouble.
4.0 : Prof. Greene prepares makes sure that everyone understands whats going on in the class before she moves on. She lets you know what to focus on to study for her exams.
5.0 : Great professor, not a professor you want to pass up. I have always been terrible at chemistry, but Professor Greene explains the material so well that even I can understand it. Attendance matters, and there are short multiple choice tests usually once a week. Make sure to pay attention in class to get credit for clicker questions.
3.0 : I'm not new to chem, but if you are, this may be a difficult class. For some reason, she likes to do all the math in her head and get a slightly different answer than if she calculated it. No tests, all quizzes. 1 wrong on any quiz  100%. Huge class! Attendance determined by clicker questions - questions you answer on an overpriced device for pts.
5.0 : Rather than merely stating the facts, Dr. Greene lectures like she is trying to help you learn the material. She gives analogies and tips and tricks that help make the material learnable. If you put in time to work practice problems and memorize trends and rules, you will ace. She also scales tests like crazy. Go to pass, it will help so much.
5.0 : Dr. Greene is such a great teacher. She works through the problems and clearly explains the material. If you put in effort and complete the homework and work the suggested end of chapter problems, the class is not too bad. I'm not a fan of Chemistry, but the class was not too bad! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER!
5.0 : Dr. Bryson is great. 310 contains tough material, but he worked with us and made sure we were understanding things before moving on to the next topic. Take advantage of going to his office and asking questions before the exams. If you show up to class, pay attention and take notes, and study, there's no reason to not make an A in Bryson's class!
4.0 : Dr. Bryson is great! Both intermediate accounting classes are tough but  Bryson is a slow teacher and wants to make sure you really understand it. Make sure to get the book, read the chapters, do the homework, and most importantly go to class! He is really good about working with you.
5.0 : Homework is not mandatory, but not doing it means your lost in class. He doesn't use Canvas or Powerpoints, so skipping class isn't an option. That being said, he's the best option out of all the professors that teach the 310/311 sequence, so take him when possible and be prepared. He does care about his students. Great fella.
5.0 : Ms. Bergstue was the best teacher I've ever had. She's new to teaching, but does a really good job. Very lenient with partial credit. She's extremely helpful and sweet, and available outside of class for help! I definitely recommend her. Most amazing teacher ever.
5.0 : Amazing teacher! She is the best math professor that I've ever taken. She makes sure that ALL students understand the material and leaves no one behind. She is patient and always finds a way to break the material down so that students not only pass the class, but understand the material. I would definitely recommend her class to anyone.
5.0 : I've always struggled with math and it'd been a while since I had it, but with her explaining things I did well in Calc A. Sometimes it did require seeing her during office hours. Tests aren't hard, with 5% EC offered. Try not to let final make or break your grade; it's hard but doable (I got an A on it). Great class!
5.0 : Great lecturer. This is one of the easier profs due to extra credit opportunities &amp; partial credit on tests. There's 10 short tests, but your top 9 are kept. You can gain 15 extra credit points on final exam, but you have to get 80 on a test, or attend 2 "opportunity for success" sessions (for 1 pt). +5 pts for perfect attendance (with 1 exception)
5.0 : Explains concepts thoroughly and gives plenty of examples. Theres a fair amount of homework, but its never that difficult, as long as you pay attention in lectures.
5.0 : Bergstue truly is a gem. She's hilariously real and a great lecturer. She explains difficult concepts very well and really wants her students to succeed. She responds quickly to emails and has extensive office hours throughout the week. Always cracking the funniest, lamest jokes and had me excited to go to my 8am class three days a week.
5.0 : She is absolutely one of the best teachers I have ever had, and I have a bachelor's from another college. She explains things very well and is always available for her students. Test are very fair and there are no games. If you have a hard homework, will go over it in class so you can understand it.
5.0 : Everyone in precal takes the same tests and same assignments at UAH. Prof B explains everything so well, and goes above and beyond to help your grade. She gives partial credit on all the tests, so as long as you try the problem, you'll get points. My friends with other teachers struggled, but I had an A all semester because of how well she teaches.
5.0 : Really great teacher who cares for her students and make the class very simple and easy to follow.  Really flexible and can help you become a great speaker even if you have a fear of speaking in front of crowds. I would highly suggest taking her class.
5.0 : Really great class and professor. I would definitely take her again.
5.0 : You have to give a mini speech just about every class, but for these you are only graded for participation. If you take into account her feedback it will help you when it comes to giving your real speeches in class. Really understanding and easy to get a hold of if you need help outside of class.
4.0 : enjoyable class.
5.0 : I took the summer course. We had to say a speech almost everyday, the first half just get you used to speaking. Great feedback without being criticizing. Fun teacher and class.  I learned a lot of tips for speaking and had fun doing it.
5.0 : Dr. Lanius is a great instructor! Lectures are casual or formal as appropriate. You gain plenty of opportunities to speak in front of a crowd, which is great for nerves. She also grades fairly and provides good feedback. If you're looking for an instructor for CM113, Dr. Lanius is a great choice.
5.0 : Dr. Lanius is incredible. Shes incredibly understanding, very supportive, and ties together the topics in question by relating to her students in an engaging and informative way. Nervous people or those new to public speaking can easily find a voice in her class. Would absolutely take again.
5.0 : Best teacher I had this term. The class is very helpful and engaging. She actually cares about her students and the class is definitely funny. The homework is pretty easy, but the Major assignments are taken seriously so prepare for them. There is no surprises and the teaching is great.
5.0 : One of my favorite teachers ever. Really helps improve speaking ability. Assignments weren't easy, but weren't hard. Kind grader, good feedback. Makes the material interesting and easy to understand. Funny and caring. I would sign up for an unnecessary class just to take her again. People cried at the end of the semester. Her class was that good.
5.0 : I enjoyed taking Ms. Lanius online. It was plenty of work, not busy work, but real-life projects and exercises that put us in the place of our career field in a variety of situations. We also had class discussions on weekly topics to start the conversation early on about valid topics we would later deal with in our future jobs. Would recommend!
4.0 : Dr. OB is an excellent professor! VERY knowledgeable in classroom management (and social studies). He can be a bit abrasive so shyer students can feel overwhelmed but he means well. He's easy to speak with and is looking out for your best interest. He makes you work for the grade but he's consistent and gives you clear expectations.
5.0 : Good for the basics of Python and Matlab. Don't forget to do the homework on time; if you somehow muck up on the tests, that homework will ding your grade.
3.0 : Took him the first semester he taught. He likes to lecture which is kinda boring with programming but eventually tailored time into class to work on examples. Gives homework once a week, and gives two tests that count for 70 percent of your grade. Had an 89 but bumped me to an A without asking. Pretty cool guy
4.0 : Forrest is a very good teacher, you can tell that he cares about how well you do and is eager to teach. His lectures are useful but not a lot of what's on the homework. However, he gives out not one but two sample tests before each midterm that are almost identical to the real thing. If you do the homework and show up to class, you'll do great.
5.0 : Eric Forrest's class was excellent. He worked out programs in class as part of his lectures, answering questions and demonstrating how to write code in different coding languages. The homework was occasionally tough, but his TAs have good office hours. He truly cares about being an effective teacher, and is quite open to feedback.
4.0 : Great at explaining MATLAB, definitely learn outside of the classroom in order to do the homework. Skills in this classroom are needed for the real world. Pay attention, and tests come slightly easier than expected.
5.0 : An excellent professor, really reads into your individual performance and if there is something that you struggle with she will find it and talk to you about it. She really cares and does an amazing job of lecturing. She will work hard to make sure you do well in her class but show up, pay attention, and participate.
2.0 : Even though this was a 400 course, the difficulty was Like 600+. It's supposed to be an introduction to real analysis but you will not do better than a C if you've not had real analysis before.  And be ready for him to contradict himself. Don't trust what he says about your standing in the class or grading criteria (IF he provides it at all).
5.0 : Anytime that I had a question or he graded my homework, Dr. Hester gave good insight and instruction. He brought the material out in a way that I could understand it.  My confidence in my math abilities increased as this class progressed. He made himself more available to help me than any professor that I ever had.
4.0 : Firm, but fair. Real Analysis is a gateway course to higher undergrad/1st year grad courses, and Dr. Hester reflected that in his approach. The course is proof-heavy, so prepare accordingly. Several proofs are done in lectures, and Hester was willing to discuss methods of proof outside of class. If you make progress, you'll do well.
5.0 : I think he's an exceptional Math professor.  His class was difficult, but really worth it!  All the material was presented in a logical manner, with no contradictions and no hand-wavy arguments.  He was a really nice grader (e.g. in the first test, getting 1 out of 10 questions right was passing) and the homework was tough but meaningful.
5.0 : I learned more in this class then the sum of all the rest of the classes I have taken. Dr. Hester provided a fair environment where I was able to really develop my understanding of mathematics. This is how the rest of UAH should be. At the end of the class, you got what your understanding of the material indicated. We need more teachers like him!
5.0 : For MA452, Dr. Hester compiled a meticulous, challenging body of notes and problems that by itself would be a proper stimulus for the amateur mathematician. Moreover, the class had an efficient, interactive arrangement rather than the dry, iron curtain apparatus used by many professors.
4.0 : She gets it. She appreciates any effort you give because she understands how menial English Composition is to your careers but how important it can be. She is highly well read and her rhetoric skills are complex. She is so funny, topical, and real that it would be hard not to enjoy her class.
4.0 : Dr. Burel is a great guy and teacher. Top notch musician, very passionate. Class is hard though. Homework is VERY dense. Quizzes are usually reasonable but sometimes I feel he didn't prepare us quite enough. Tests can be nightmarish. But if you study and work really hard you'll do alright. Helpful outside class; wants you to succeed.
5.0 : Dr. Puckett is really nice guy that is enthusiastic about the history of music. He makes lectures fun with his positive attitude. Gives long multiple-choice tests. The best thing you can do is to re-read the chapters in the book. Make sure you can identify a piece of music and give the composer and the musical period of composition.
5.0 : Too few computer science instructors draw enough pictures. Prof Zeng gives examples of each algorithm with drawn examples from start to finish. Very straight-forward approach to a subject that is usually needlessly over-complicated by instructors. Highly recommend.
5.0 : First, I was worried taking her class as to we were the first class she ever taught. But I am glad I stayed in this class. She's beyond cute ( No homo). She's smart and very understanding. She's very helpful. If she notice you are trying, she will work with you. A lot of test corrections to give you points, attendance is IMPORTANT, you'll be fine
5.0 : She's genuinely cares a lot about her student. She's beyond helpful both in and out of class. Even if you are struggling or your grade isn't what you want, she will work with you and boost your confidence up. Despite it is an 8a class, the class isn't boring PRAISE GOD. Attendance is MADANTORY. Show up to class, do your work, and you will make it
5.0 : I just LOVE her. One of the best and amazing teacher who didn't stress my life OUT this semester. Just show up to class ( that's very complusory). Life happens but just don't skip too many days. A lot of extra credit corrections from group work, test corrections will pump your grade up. My math lab is your home work. Take her &amp; you won't regret.
5.0 : Summer is one of my childhood friends. You spelled her last name wrong (Wassel)... shes great. Shes a lover of the arts and correlation to mathematics. Summer is a wonderful person to have a conversation be sure to ask lots of questions. Remind her that shes good at math!! DM me on IG if you have any questions @handymall_
5.0 : All of his notes come straight out of the textbook. There are a lot of tests, but they are not very difficult. Great lecturer, lots of fun. All of his notes are accessible on Canvas.
5.0 : I thought he was a great teacher and easy to learn from. You can tell that he really knows what he is talking about. He isn't boring or dry, but gets the point across while still maintaining a personality. If I absolutely had to take another math class, I would want him as my teacher!
5.0 : Amazing teacher! Great at teaching the subject and being available outside the classroom, would definitely recommend.
4.0 : Dr. Mehrabani is a new teacher at UAH and this semester was his first full semester teaching. He is a super nice guy and definitely cares about the students. I thought he did a decent job teaching the material but I also put tons of time into reading the book and working problems. He gives decent partial credit and I would take him again.
4.0 : He improved a lot as the semester went on. The tests are straightforward but the homework is difficult to do without something like Chegg. I wouldn't normally advocate for something like that but there's no other way to know if you're doing any of it right. If students could more easily check their understanding then the class would be fine.
4.0 : Great teacher. The lecture part of the class is not bad. Study the homework and old test and you'll do fine; easy B. If you understand the material, you will make an A no problem. The lab component is ridiculous. It will take you 10-20+ hours a week no joke. For most people, the lab dragged them down. The lab high was never over 92.
5.0 : Incredible teacher. Absolutely loved her. She genuinely enjoys teaching. She's also a high school teacher at Sparkman High School. Makes the chemistry easy to understand, and if you take the time to get to know her she's a great peer to have. She gives a bunch of bonus points and clicker points to help students who have a tough time with the class
5.0 : Professor Austin is a real gem. She genuinely cares about her students and is quick to point out things you do extremely well and what you could work on. Honestly her class was a blast and I would take her again without hesitiation.
5.0 : Amazing teacher, Dr Hamsa is the best teacher in the Education department. Her lectures are excellent, and I love the class discussion. Be prepared to work hard and write papers, and it would worth it. It was a great semester.
5.0 : Excellent professor. Very conversational and easy to talk to. Doesn't try to make the class excessively difficult. Has a full time job as an engineer and brings a lot of relevant experience to the class. Dislikes the way the textbook works problems, but uses the book to assign homework: "The book's way is kind of voodoo".
